Rep. Dana Rohrbacher (R-CA) met with President Trump Tuesday and proposed a way to pay for the new border wall: end the visa lottery and “sell” visas for $1 million each to wealthy potential immigrants.by Assemblyman Tim Donnelly0by Adelle Nazarian0by Chriss W. Street0by Joel B. Pollak0by Chriss W. Street0by Jon Fleischman0by Joel B. Pollak0by Chriss W. Street0by AWR Hawkins0by Michelle Moons0Rep. Dana Rohrbacher (R-CA) met with President Trump Tuesday and proposed a way to pay for the new border wall: end the visa lottery and “sell” visas for $1 million each to wealthy potential immigrants.by Assemblyman Tim Donnelly6 Apr 2017, 12:57 PM PDT0Two advocacy groups and two individuals with disabilities filed a lawsuit in federal court in San Francisco on Wednesday alleging that BART has discriminated against people with disabilities by failing to maintain the transportation agency’s urine and feces-covered elevators.by Adelle Nazarian6 Apr 2017, 9:51 AM PDT0The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reports that there have been 43,485 laboratory confirmed cases of the Zika virus in all 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and U.S. Territories.by Chriss W. Street6 Apr 2017, 5:18 AM PDT0The Cadiz Water Project will soon produce enough Mojave Desert groundwater to serve the needs of 400,000 people in Southern California, thanks to President Donald Trump’s Department of Interior reversing his predecessor’s stall tactics.by Chriss W. Street6 Apr 2017, 5:07 AM PDT0Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said Wednesday that Ohio Gov. John Kasich should run for President again in 2020, challenging incumbent President Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary.by Joel B. Pollak6 Apr 2017, 4:54 AM PDT0Governor Brown is on the eve of a self-appointed April 6 deadline to push what he has titled the Road Repair and Accountability Act of 2017, which seeks to impose new gasoline taxes and car registration fees to bring in an estimated $52.4 billion in increased tax revenues over the next decade alone.by Jon Fleischman5 Apr 2017, 11:00 AM PDT0The Las Vegas taxpayer subsidy to build a stadium for the National Football League Raiders works out to $354 per resident. The cost will be paid, according to projections, by increased tourist traffic that will drastically increase hotel occupancy andby Chriss W. Street5 Apr 2017, 5:26 AM PDT0A Berkeley Institute of Governmental Studies (IGS) poll released Tuesday indicates that California Gov. Jerry Brown is the leading alternative to incumbent Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), in case the senior U.S. Senator decides not to run.by Joel B. Pollak5 Apr 2017, 5:17 AM PDT0A Clovis family won a court case against the California Department of Justice that forces the state agency to return 500 guns it had confiscated from Albert Sheakalee.by AWR Hawkins5 Apr 2017, 4:55 AM PDT0A contractor bidding on President Trump’s border wall wants to know if authorities will “rush in” to protect his crew if they come under “hostile fire” during construction, according to an Associated Press story reported by Yahoo News.by Assemblyman Tim Donnelly5 Apr 2017, 12:01 AM PDT0California Governor Jerry Brown told Adam Nagourney of the New York Times in an interview published on Tuesday that he does not use the word “resistance” to describe his opposition to President Donald Trump, and finds it inappropriate.by Joel B. Pollak4 Apr 2017, 12:37 PM PDT0Several Men pleaded guilty to a Marijuana Cultivation Operation at a Prehistoric Native American Site in California.by Breitbart Texas4 Apr 2017, 6:50 AM PDT0Katie Porter, a law professor at University of California, Irvine — and a former student and protégé of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) — announced Monday that she will run for Congress in Orange County’s 45th congressional district.by Assemblyman Tim Donnelly4 Apr 2017, 1:00 AM PDT0After BlackBerry’s stock price fell from $230 in 2007 to $6 in early March, the company’s new strategy — dumping its hardware business and reinventing itself as the leading security software provider for self-driving vehicles — began to pay off handsomely.by Chriss W. Street4 Apr 2017, 12:01 AM PDT0California’s State Senate passed SB 54 on Monday, rocketing the state one step closer to becoming an official “sanctuary state.”by Michelle Moons3 Apr 2017, 10:25 PM PDT0Pablo Gomez, Jr., a left-wing Berkeley student activist arrested in January for allegedly stabbing a popular French elementary school teacher to death, and severely injuring another woman, insists on being referred to as “they.”by Adelle Nazarian3 Apr 2017, 2:05 PM PDT0A vote by congressional Republicans last week ended California Gov. Jerry Brown’s effort to force 6.8 million private sector workers into a “Secure Choice” public-run retirement plan.by Chriss W. Street3 Apr 2017, 10:43 AM PDT0Wise, Sarsour, and their anti-Trump comrades honoring Odeh are knowingly endorsing the murder of Jews. Their actions, and the complicit silence of the rest of the so-called “resistance,” should haunt the anti-Trump movement forever.by Joel B. Pollak3 Apr 2017, 5:52 AM PDT0President Donald Trump approved a declaration of a “major disaster” in California over the weekend, freeing up federal funds for flood relief in several rural counties in response to requests from Governor Jerry Brown and local residents.by Joel B. Pollak3 Apr 2017, 4:57 AM PDT0The mosquitos that can carry the Zika virus have reportedly appeared in 129 California cities. With cold winter weather the only major obstacle to the Zika virus becoming America’s first pandemic since the 1957 Asian Flu, ground zero for a potential pandemic is now the West Coast.by Chriss W. Street2 Apr 2017, 3:50 PM PDT0On March 27, Breitbart News reported that “Footy McFoot Face” was leading all other possible names for San Diego’s Major League Soccer team by a wide margin.by AWR Hawkins2 Apr 2017, 3:40 PM PDT0Hundreds of children, teens, adults and seniors celebrated International Pillow Fight Day by participating in pillow fight in Downtown Los Angeles’s Pershing Square on Saturday for more than an hour.by Adelle Nazarian2 Apr 2017, 10:26 AM PDT0The Los Angeles Times — which did its best, it admits, to ensure that President Donald Trump would not be elected — has printed a strident, and nearly hysterical, editorial in which it calls the Trump presidency a “train wreck.”by Joel B. Pollak2 Apr 2017, 7:26 AM PDT0Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, told CNN’s Jake Tapper on State of the Union on Sunday morning that he “can’t say whether anything was masked or unmasked properly” after visiting the White House on Friday to see the same the surveillance documents that committee chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) saw last month.by Joel B. Pollak2 Apr 2017, 6:29 AM PDT0A college math professor went high-tech when he decided to play an April Fool’s Day prank on his students.by Katherine Rodriguez1 Apr 2017, 2:18 PM PDT0Nearly 4.5 million voters in this state cast their ballots for Donald Trump in the November election. More than 47 other states and just a fraction fewer than Texas and Florida.by Samuel Chi1 Apr 2017, 1:58 PM PDT0In the first poll, after Gov. Jerry Brown’s asked the California Legislature to raise gas taxes and vehicle registration fees to spend $5.2 billion a year more on transportation, voters solidly oppose paying more taxes to pay for Caltrans bad decision making by 3 to 1.by Chriss W. Street1 Apr 2017, 9:19 AM PDT0Traffic congestion and skyrocketing housing prices have caused approximately 46 percent of the Bay Area’s millennial residents to start looking at potentially exiting the increasingly unlivable region.by Adelle Nazarian1 Apr 2017, 9:03 AM PDT0A flight by an ultralight aircraft from Mexico, that violated Federal Aviation Administration regulations, crashed on U.S. soil.by Breitbart Texas1 Apr 2017, 6:47 AM PDT0Fox News correspondent Adam Housley reported Friday that a well-known and “very senior” former official in the intelligence community, not associated with the FBI, directed the unmasking of private Americans working for or with President Donald Trump’s presidential transition team.by Neil W. McCabe31 Mar 2017, 3:58 PM PDT0








“White House chief strategist Steve Bannon has attended the first meeting of the National Security Council after he was removed from the principals committee Wednesday,” the Examiner story said.Despite the headlines about Bannon’s removal, most media outlets included the fact that the change on the council only meant Bannon was no longer a permanent member on the council but that he retained top security clearance and could attend council meetings.“Bannon is still permitted to go to NSC meetings,” Fox News reported on Wednesday.CNBC reported that Bannon can attend council meetings by invitation of the president or H.R. McMaster, Trump’s national security adviser.“He is one of the president’s closest and most trusted advisers,” a White House source told CNBC when asked why Bannon attended.Big Government, national security council, Steve Bannon, Trump








“Is Stephen K. Bannon marginalized? Is Jared Kushner leading the president into strange and unusual places? Is Reince, and is Sean Spicer, influential? Are they on their way out? In your opinion, what is going on here, what do we need to be wary of, what are we looking out for, who are the players, and how do they align with each other?” Kassam asked.“Since inauguration, it was really about four camps,” Ryun replied. “It was the Kushner camp, it was the Bannon camp, it was the Reince camp, and it was the Pence camp. But I’m starting to think, based off what I was hearing from yesterday and then reading reports this morning, that this is becoming actually more of two camps – that it really is the national populists, really led by Bannon, versus, quite frankly – there’s no other way to describe them – the liberal New York City set that have come in.”Ryun said the latter camp included “Gary Cohn, Dina Powell,” and others he described as Democrats, along with Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump.“God bless them, they’re part of the Trump family, but let’s not kid ourselves: they are part of the Manhattan liberal set,” he said of the latter duo. “The question that I have as I’m reading these reports – and I think we should start asking questions – who are they really? What has been their experience? What is their worldview? Because I’m starting to suspect their worldview does not line up with the campaign promises that Trump was making,” Ryun said.“The people that voted for Donald Trump voted for very specific things,” he noted. “They do want to see a wall. They want to see immigration dealt with. They want to see healthcare reform. They want to see tax reform. They want to see all of these things.”“Watching what’s taking place, I’m growing more and more concerned that some of the dynamics, some of the voices in Trump’s ear, some of the influences – we should start asking questions. Are they starting to steer him in the wrong direction, away from what got him into one of the most stunning victories in presidential history, got him into the White House?” Ryun asked.Kassam returned to Ryun’s description of the “liberal New York City set” and asked him to explain the importance of Dina Powell.Ryun noted Powell is a fellow veteran of the Bush White House. “I was at the White House before she was, but she came in; she was head of presidential personnel. In fact, I think she was the youngest-ever head of presidential personnel,” he said.He continued that after Powell left the Bush White House, she worked for Goldman Sachs in New York “and now has come back, really gotten involved with Ivanka Trump post-Election Day.”“I have real concerns, not only about the New York liberal set that has come into the White House. … I am more and more concerned about the Goldman Sachs people that have come into the administration,” Ryun professed. He said they have a “different worldview than the American people that voted Trump in.”“You’ve got that worldview, you’ve got the New York Goldman Sachs liberal set worldview, and the real question here is which one is going to win out, influencing the future direction of Trump,” he predicted.“I thought really yesterday, at first, initially, it was a reorganization by McMaster of some of these things,” Ryun said of the news that Steve Bannon has been removed from the principals committee of the National Security Council. “I’m a little more concerned that there is a serious power struggle going on.”“I’ve got to tell you, my hope is that Trump will say, ‘I know what got me in. I know what brought me to the White House. Steve Bannon is really the lead cheerleader on that front. Keep Steve close. Listen to Steve. Keep pushing down this path,” Ryun advised.“If he does, there will be victory this year in regards to policy,” he anticipated. “He’s already going to have it this week with Gorsuch. I really do think we’re going to get something done with health care. There’s going to be a massive step in the right direction. I do think we’ve got a real shot at tax reform.”“You get a couple of these victories under your belt. You keep going down this path. Then we’re going to start talking about what the second Trump term looks like,” he said. “But if he starts to stray, I’m concerned.”Kassam asked where the Republican National Committee, its former chairman Reince Priebus, and Sean Spicer fit into this picture.“You know, I think they’re starting to realize that the New York set, they’re not their friends,” Ryun replied. “I think in a weird strange alliance that the RNC folks are realizing they’re basically going to become allies with Bannon.”“This is all on the fly. This is all really the last 24 hours,” he added. “If the other guys win, I guarantee you Bannon’s out, Reince is out, Spicer’s out, the corporate New York set is in.”“I think you’re going to see, internally, really kind of what I think are strange alliances. But in the short term, I think they’re going to be working together to push back on this New York set. Quite frankly, even though it pains me somewhat to say this, I hope that Bannon and the RNC guys, that alliance is successful,” Ryun said.Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.LISTEN:Radio, Breitbart News Daily, Donald Trump, Goldman Sachs, Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner, national security council, Ned Ryun, Reince Priebus, Sean Spicer, Stephen K. Bannon, White House








Paronto added, “The Trump administration has been given the perfect opportunity to set an example, or make an example, out of the type of politician that she is and show these other politicians that they are no longer untouchable.”“I thought Hillary Clinton was bad,” Paronto said. “This woman [Susan Rice] surpasses her as far as her evilness and willingness to subvert America with this administration and to continually lie.” He added, “This woman broke the law. She put lives in danger. She put officers in danger. She put American citizens in danger by doing that. She has no value for human life unless it benefits her politics or benefits her friendship with the crooked administration that was in power for the previous eight years. That woman, at the very least, needs to be in jail. She has no value of human life.”Instead, Paronto suggested Rice lied to protect Obama and questioned her allegiance to the United States. “There is no gray area; she lied. And she’s still protecting her mentor, Obama, from that administration. Her allegiance lies, for some reason misguidedly with them, not with the United States of America.” Paronto also criticized Rice for saying that Bowe Bergdahl served with honor and distinction. “I didn’t know a traitor could serve with honorable distinction and then get six of his fellow soldiers killed trying to find him. The woman has no integrity. She should have no credibility. And honestly, in my opinion, she should be in prison for unmasking and putting American citizens in danger.”While Trump critics and former officials on Obama’s National Security Council did not dispute the report, they argued that Rice did nothing “illegal” in unmasking the identities of those Americans. Conversely, Trump administration officials have not stated that the unmasking was “illegal” but that leaking the identities of the individuals unmasked was.He said he hopes President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions will go after Rice but said, “I don’t think justice will take place because I haven’t seen it yet. “Justice could have taken place with Hillary Clinton because she did violate national security; she did lie. Justice could have taken place” when it was discovered that interim DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile gave Clinton’s camp questions before a town hall debate while she was a contributor to CNN. He added, “Justice could happen with Susan Rice and her lying on national TV continually about a video causing Benghazi when it didn’t.”Rice said it was a YouTube video, not then-President Barack Obama’s foreign policy, that prompted the Benghazi attack that left Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three others dead. It was not.Paronto was among four surviving warriors who defended more than 30 American personnel in two American facilities in Benghazi on September 11, 2012. The attacks were carried out by the Islamic militant group Ansar al-Sharia. In addition to Ambassador Stevens, former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty and State Department IT specialist Sean Smith were also killed.“The Trump administration has been given the perfect opportunity to set an example, or make an example, out of the type of politician that she [Susan Rice] is and show these other politicians that they are no longer untouchable.” He said Rice’s decision to unlawfully unmask the identities of American citizens for “political gain” was a “gift” to President Trump “to set an example. This will influence future politicians from not telling the truth.”Paronto said that when news first broke of the unmasking, he thought, “She’s going to be hailed a hero by CNN, by MSNBC, by the Washington Post because of what she did.” He added, “But what she did is not heroic: it’s criminal and unpatriotic. It completely lacks any integrity.” Paronto said, “I guarantee you, in the next week as things start to fall on Susan Rice, they’re going to come to her rescue and label her a hero because they have such a left-wing bias that they cannot see the truth, even if it smacks them across the face.”Asked where he was on the Sunday that Rice suggested it was the YouTube video “Innocence of Muslims” that prompted the deadly Benghazi attack, Paronto said he was in Germany. “I had just woken up and I turned the TV on. I was tired. When I saw the news, I just kind of went, ‘What the hell?’ I called Jack Silva and I said, ‘Hey, turn the TV on. Did you guys talk to anybody? Has anybody said anything to anybody?'”Paronto said the next thought he had was of how corrupt the Obama administration was and said, “Well, that’s par for the course. And then I went back to bed. They could have thought of a better excuse than that. They could have thought of a better lie.”He said while he was angry, he did not dwell on it because he was “expecting it” from the Obama administration. “They don’t want people to know the truth. They just want to continue to lie to maintain power. Something needs to happen, publicly, to an elected official. Leading a public official out in handcuffs would shake things up.”Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) had also suggested there were inconsistencies in what Paronto said regarding a “stand down” order from a CIA officer. Schiff suggested Paronto was dishonest. Asked to react, Paronto said, “He says he didn’t call me a liar. We talked, and he said we were just getting conflicting information.” Paronto then noted, “Susan Rice was telling half-truths. Well, half-truths to me are lies. And Rep. Adam Schiff from Washington went on Hannity to debate us.”Schiff was was invited but he did not come on to the show.However, Paronto said his issue with Schiff, whose father was also a veteran, is something else. “I have problems with Adam Schiff because when I look in his eyes, I really think he is a good man. But politics has corrupted him so much that I don’t think he knows the truth anymore.”“He’s letting politics dictate his ideology, and he’s wrong,” Paronto said. “He can’t challenge his paradigm. He can’t challenge that his Democratic beliefs are so wrong. He just can’t accept it.”Kris Paronto currently serves as the Chairman of Leading from the Front, which is part of a non-profit organization, the American Legacy Center.Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.Big Government, National Security, Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Ansar al-Sharia, Benghazi, Bo Bergdahl, Deep State, Donald Trump, Donna Brazile, Islamic militant, Kris Paronto, Libya, Obama, Rep. Adam Schiff, Susan Rice








“I am an attorney, and every attorney, the jury instructions we always give: ‘If a witness has been proven false in part of their testimony, then all of their testimony is presumed to be less truthful,” said Charles Woods, who became one of the most vocal family members of the four men. “That is the situation we have with Susan Rice.”Besides Tyrone Woods, the other men were: Ambassador Christopher Stevens, State Department computer and communications specialist Sean Smith, and CIA contract security officer Glen Doherty. Both Woods and Doherty were Navy SEAL veterans killed by the same mortar shell in the last of the attacks.Woods said Rice lied to the American people five times on the Sunday after the Benghazi attacks, when she told viewers watching five different news programs the attack was triggered by a video on YouTube that depicted the Prophet Mohammad in a negative light.“Two weeks ago, she said she did not know anything about the unmasking of Michael Flynn,” the former administrative law judge said.“We have a pattern of not being truthful,” he said. “I makes me wonder why she wasn’t fired several years ago, when it was proven she lied to the American public those five times. Why wasn’t she fired? The only conclusion I can reach is that she worked for an organization whose values were based on deceiving the America people.”Instead of being fired, Rice was rewarded, because she shared the values of the people she worked for and worked with, Woods said.In January 2016, Woods challenged former secretary of state Hillary Clinton to take a lie detector test regarding the claims that she did not tell Woods and other Benghazi family members that the attacks were sparked because of an offensive video. Woods also volunteered to take a lie detector test himself. “Perhaps Susan Rice should take a lie detector test, as well?” he asked.Woods said he has first-hand experience with the government, starting with a phone call with his son while Tyrone was still on active-duty in the Navy. “Do I believe that I am monitored? Yes,” he said.During the conversation, the SEAL told his father that the government monitors all phone calls and if certain keywords are used in the conversation, the government flags the conversation for follow-up, he said.Woods said when he attended the 2014 Conservative Political Action Conference he encountered another confirmation that the government was tracking him.The attorney said he was going to give interviews at CPAC’s “Radio Row,” and in between interviews, he would call his wife to reflect and to pray with her.After an interview with NRA Radio, Woods noticed that his contact list in his phone was smaller than it used to be, he said. “Every one of the media people, whether it had been Hannity or Fox News or whatever, all of those contacts had been scrubbed and then, all of the contacts that I have made with congressmen and senators–every one of those had been scrubbed.”That night, Woods said he attended an event with a number of members of the intelligence community. “I mentioned what happened to my phone to a guy there from the CIA and he brought it over to a couple of whistle blowers at the same event. He said, ‘Have them look at your phone and tell them what happened.'”Both men examined the phone and confirmed to Woods that someone from government had deleted his media and Capitol Hill contacts, he said.One of the men told Woods: “It would have been very easy for someone to erase all of your contacts, but they wanted to give you a message that ‘We are listening to you. We are watching you and there are certain people, namely, media and congressmen and senators, that we don’t want you talking to anymore.”Big Government, Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Benghazi, Capitol Hill, Charles Woods, Conservative Political Action Conference, CPAC, Glen Doherty, Michael Flynn, Navy SEAL, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods








On Thursday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said “steps are under way” to form an international coalition to remove the president of Syria Bashar al-Assad after Tuesday’s chemical bombings in Syria.Partial transcript as follows:TILLERSON: Well obviously, the events that have occurred in Syria with the chemical weapons attack here in the past day I think have just horrified all of us and brought to the front pages and to our television screens as well the tragedy that is part of the Syrian conflict. There is no doubt in our mind and the information we have supports that Syria, the Syrian regime under the leadership of Bashar al-Assad are responsible for this attack and I think further it’s very important that the Russian government consider carefully their continued support for the Assad regime.REPORTER: Does Assad have to go?TILLERSON: Assad’s role in the future is uncertain and with the acts that he has taken, it would seem that there would be no role for him to govern the Syrian people.REPORTER: And what steps is the United States prepared to take in order to remove him from power?TILLERSON: The process by which Assad would leave I think requires an international community effort, both to first defeat ISIS within Syria, to stabilize the Syrian country, to avoid further civil war and then to work collectively with our partners around the world through a political process that would lead to Assad leaving.REPORTER: So will you and President Trump organize an international coalition to remove Assad?TILLERSON: Those steps are under way.REPORTER: Has President Trump been talking about that with other leaders.TILLERSON:  We are considering an appropriate response which violates all previous U.N. resolutions, violates international norms and long-held agreements between parties including the Syrian regime, the Russian government and all other members of the U.N. Security Council. It’s a serious matter. It requires a serious response. Thank you.Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBreitbart TV, Middle East, Bashar al-Assad, Donald Trump, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson








Thursday on the “Ron Paul Liberty Report,” former Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX) suggested the chemical weapon earlier this week blamed on the Syrian government could be a false flag. He went as far to say there was zero chance Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was to blame because it wouldn’t mPaul went as far to say there was zero chance Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was to blame because it wouldn’t make sense for him to use chemical weapons at this point in time.“I looked at The New York Times to get the explanation, and they said ‘Worst Chemical Attack In Years In Syria, U.S. Blames Assad,'” Paul said. “So it is all over and done with? But it is not quite so easy, is it? What happened four years ago in 2013? You know, this whole thing about crossing the Red Line. And ever since then the neo-cons have been yelling and screaming — even part of the administration has been yelling and screaming about Assad using poison gasses on his people four years ago. Not quite true. It was never proven.”“[I]t doesn’t make any sense for Assad under these conditions to all of a sudden use poison gasses,” he continued. “I think there is a zero chance he would have done, you know, this deliberately. But we could also go ask a famous Senator who is famous for foreign policy. We could go ask John McCain to explain it. And he found somebody to blame. And I don’t know why he has it in for the president.”“McCain says blame Trump,” Paul later added. “It is all Trump’s fault because he hasn’t been aggressive enough.”(h/t Zero Hedge)Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poorBreitbart TV, Middle East, Bashar al-Assad, chemical weapons, Ron Paul, Ron Paul Liberty Report, Syria








The Trump Administration is looking at a number of ways to vet foreigners entering the U.S. through a more rigorous, extensive process that would include asking whether or not an individual has the same values as American citizens, according to a report by the Wall Street Journal.Officials working on the vetting process also said foreigners could be asked to disclose their social media passwords, past financial records and cell phone data–coupled with questions on ideology.Director of the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) Mark Krikorian told Breitbart Texas that he thinks the ideology-based vetting process being considered is “necessary.”“The idea is that we shouldn’t just screen people who may commit violence against us, but that we should also be keeping out people who hate our values,” Krikorian said in an interview. “Especially for immigrants, people who are going to be here. It’s less important for foreign tourists. But, we should try to keep people out from our society who hate us.”Krikorian said that unlike Trump’s twice shot-down executive order which halted travel flow into the U.S. from specific countries, the vetting process would need to apply to all newcomers.“It can’t be country-specific, because you could have people who hate our values coming from any country,” Krikorian said.The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) said Trump’s promise of extreme vetting remained important, predominantly as a national security issue.“If there is any doubt about a person’s intentions coming to the United States, they should have to overcome—really and truly prove to our satisfaction—that they are coming for legitimate reasons,” Senior Counselor to Secretary John Kelly, Gene Hamilton told the Wall Street Journal.Most recently, Breitbart News reported how the State Department is increasing the number of refugees that are admitted into the U.S., pushing that figure to about 900 per week.Refugee resettlement expert Ann Corcoran told Breitbart Texas that major reforms to the refugee program are imperative under the Trump Administration.“This is our only opportunity right now to reform the refugee program,” Corcoran said in an interview. “If it doesn’t happen now, it will never be reformed.”Corcoran says an executive order to slow the flow of refugees being resettled from primarily Islam-majority nations is not necessary, telling Breitbart Texas that Trump “has enormous power over this issue.”“I am particularly concerned that the Trump Administration doesn’t understand the program,” Corcoran said. “And I’m afraid they’re being rolled by the bureaucrats.”John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.Big Government, Breitbart Texas, Immigration, Big Government, center for immigration studies, immigration, national security, President Trump, refugee resettlement, refugees, Trump, Trump Administration, White House








Republicans resorted to the party-line 52-48 vote after weeks of wrangling over Gorsuch’s nomination in which Senate Democrats threatened the first partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in American history. After the Democrats assembled the forty-one votes needed to prevent the end of debate under current rules, the constitutional option allowing cloture on a simple majority became the only remaining path to placing Gorsuch on the Court.Vice-President Mike Pence, who would have been needed to break a tie should any two Republicans have voted to maintain the 60-vote cloture rule, was not present for the vote, indicating Republican confidence their entire caucus would agree to the change.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) moved for a point of order after his first attempt to invoke cloture failed with only 55 votes. From the podium, he cited the need to “restore Senate norms” in light of the Democrats’ “unprecedented partisan filibuster” of a Supreme Court nominee.McConnell invoked the precedent of Senate Democrats’ own change to same simple majority cloture rule for all presidential nominees but those to the Supreme Court in 2013 in calling for an override of the Senate chair’s determination sixty votes were needed for cloture. That appeal passed on a party-line 52-48 vote.Thursday’s historic move harmonized Senate rules, removing the possibility of minority filibusters of Supreme Court nominees. Given the reluctance, in the past, for either party to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee with majority support, the constitutional option restored, as a practical matter, traditional Senate custom in this area.A successful cloture vote quickly followed the rule change. The 55-45 vote began a thirty hour countdown to a vote of the full Senate. Judge Gorsuch is, therefore, slated for the final vote on his confirmation no later than seven o’clock Friday evening. All 52 Republicans and three Democrats are expected to vote for his confirmation, allowing him to replace Antonin Scalia as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.Big Government, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, cloture, Judge Neil Gorsuch, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, partisan filibuster, SCOTUS, Senate confirmation, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Vice President Mike Pence








WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the Senate debate on Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch (all times local):4:55 p.m.Republicans have torn up the Senate’s rules to allow President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee to ascend to the high court over Democratic objections.The confrontation could reshape the Supreme Court for generations.Outraged Democrats are denouncing the GOP’s use of the so-called nuclear option to put Judge Neil Gorsuch on the high court, calling it an epic power grab that will further corrode politics in Congress, the courts and the nation.Many Republicans are bemoaning the change, too, but they are blaming Democrats for pushing them into it.The move likely ensures more ideological justices chosen without consultation with the minority party.A final vote on Gorsuch is expected Friday, and he could be sworn in to take his seat in time to hear the term’s final cases.___1 p.m.The Senate has cleared the way for a Friday confirmation vote on President Donald Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court.On Thursday, the Senate voted 55-45 to successfully block Judge Neil Gorsuch, denying Republicans the 60 votes they needed to move forward. Republicans then voted to eliminate the 60-vote threshold, allowing them to proceed to the Friday vote with a simple majority.The change is dubbed “the nuclear option” because it will make it easier for the majority to confirm its Supreme Court nominees in the future. Then-majority Democrats made a similar move in 2013 for lower court judges and executive branch nominees.Under the new rules, the Senate voted 55-45 to move ahead on the nomination. After the standard 30 hours of debate, Gorsuch is expected to be confirmed.___12:35 p.m.The Senate has voted to “go nuclear” and eliminate the filibuster for President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee and future court picks.The move could change the Senate and court for generations. It came Thursday on a procedural motion.The change is dubbed “the nuclear option.” It removes a 60-vote filibuster requirement for Neil Gorsuch. The Senate is expected to confirm the appellate court judge on Friday.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell raised a point of order to change the rules “under the precedent set on Nov. 21, 2013,” when Senate Democrats who were then in the majority made the same move for lower court and executive branch nominations.___12:20 p.m.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has moved to change the rules of the Senate to confirm Donald Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court.If successful, the motion would remove a 60-vote filibuster requirement for Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch and all future high court nominees.The Senate is expected to vote soon on the motion, which is dubbed “the nuclear option” because it could change the Senate and the court for generations.McConnell raised a point of order to change the rules “under the precedent set on Nov. 21, 2013,” when then-majority Senate Democrats made the same move for lower court and executive branch nominations.The chamber is now voting on motions called by Democrats as a delaying tactic.After the rules change, Gorsuch is expected to be confirmed Friday.___12:05 p.m.A motion by Senate Democrats to delay the vote on Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch until April 24 has failed.The vote was a delaying tactic by Democrats. Senate Democratic leader Charles Schumer called the vote after an exchange on the floor in which he noted Republicans’ obstruction of former President Barack Obama’s nominees, including his pick for the same Supreme Court seat, Merrick Garland.The Senate on Thursday voted 55-45 to successfully filibuster Gorsuch’s nomination. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell moved to change Senate rules to remove a 60-vote filibuster requirement for Gorsuch and all future Supreme Court nominees, reducing it to a simple majority in the 100-member Senate.After the change, Gorsuch is expected to be confirmed Friday.___11:30 a.m.Senate Democrats have blocked President Donald Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court.The Senate voted 55-45 to successfully filibuster the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch. Republicans are planning to unilaterally change Senate rules to remove a 60-vote filibuster requirement for Gorsuch and all future Supreme Court nominees, reducing it to a simple majority in the 100-member Senate.Democrats opposing Gorsuch say they believe he would favor corporations over workers and would be on the far right of the court.They are angry over the Republican blockade last year of President Barack Obama’s nominee for the same seat, Merrick Garland.If confirmed, Gorsuch will fill the vacancy created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016, 14 months ago.








Tuesday at her weekly briefing, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) said President Donald Trump’s proposed wall on the U.S.-Mexico border was “an insult to our hemisphere.”Pelosi said, “I think the wall is ineffective. It’s an immorality really, an insult to our hemisphere. And I hope that we don’t have that. Do we have the responsibility to protect our border? Yes, every country does. Can we do that using technology and our customs authorities and the rest of that? Sure. A wall? No. So I would hope they wouldn’t try that.”Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBorder, Breitbart TV, Donald Trump, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D.-Calif.)








Richard Natale reports for Variety:Abrasive comic Don Rickles, the honorary Rat Pack member and celebrity roast guest whose career spanned six decades, has died. He was 90.Rickles died Thursday morning at his home in Los Angeles from kidney failure, his longtime publicist Paul Shefrin confirmed. He would have turned 91 on May 8.Though he appeared in films and on television, Rickles’ mainstay was always nightclub performances, appearing in Las Vegas and elsewhere into his late 80s. He also found late success as the voice of Mr. Potato Head in the “Toy Story” films, which were exceptional box office performers, and popped up frequently on latenight talkshows.Rickles’ career had its ups and downs as comedic tastes changed, and his curmudgeonly persona was sometimes out of kilter with audience tastes, but he survived long after many of his contemporaries had disappeared into retirement. And when he was hot, he was a potent club headliner, insulting his audience with his two key signature phrases “dummy” and “hockey puck.”…Read the full story at Variety, and see a few of Rickles’ most memorable appearances below.  Big Hollywood, Don Rickles, Hockey Puck, RIP








He said he was doing so after several “leftwing activist groups” filed false accusations against him with the Office of Congressional Ethics, but that he would stand aside from the Russia investigation until it is resolved.He said in a statement he was temporarily handing over the investigation to committee members Rep. Mike Conaway (R-TX), Trey Gowdy (R-SC) and Tom Rooney (R-FL). Gowdy led a congressional investigation into the September 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi.House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) said he continued to have trust in Nunes.“Devin Nunes has earned my trust over many years for his integrity and dedication to the critical work that the intelligence community does to keep America safe. He continues to have that trust, and I know he is eager to demonstrate to the Ethics Committee that he has followed all proper guidelines and laws,” he said.“In the meantime, it is clear that this process would be a distraction for the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russian interference in our election. Chairman Nunes has offered to step aside as the lead Republican on this probe, and I fully support this decision,” he said. “Chairman Mike Conaway, a senior member of the Committee, will now lead this investigation in the House. I am confident that he will oversee a professional investigation into Russia’s actions and follow the facts wherever they lead.”The accusations come after Nunes last month announced he saw evidence that members of President Trump’s transition team had their names “unmasked” — or revealed — during the course of U.S. intelligence surveillance on foreign targets.Unmasking refers to revealing the identities of Americans who are otherwise protected from having their identities known when they are incidentally caught up in surveillance.A private conversation held between Trump’s then-incoming National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was illegally leaked to the Washington Post in February.Earlier this week, blogger Mike Cernovich, Bloomberg View, and Fox News revealed it was former Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice who had requested the unmasking.Rice did not deny doing so, but said it was not politically motivated and denied leaking anything.“I leaked nothing to nobody,” she said Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports.”“The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes. That is absolutely false. I was the national security advisor. My job is to protect the American people and the security of our country,” she said.Nunes’ full statement:“Several leftwing activist groups have filed accusations against me with the Office of Congressional Ethics. The charges are entirely false and politically motivated, and are being leveled just as the American people are beginning to learn the truth about the improper unmasking of the identities of U.S. citizens and other abuses of power.“Despite the baselessness of the charges, I believe it is in the best interests of the House Intelligence Committee and the Congress for me to have Representative Mike Conaway, with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney, temporarily take charge of the Committee’s Russia investigation while the House Ethics Committee looks into this matter. I will continue to fulfill all my other responsibilities as Committee Chairman, and I am requesting to speak to the Ethics Committee at the earliest possible opportunity in order to expedite the dismissal of these false claims.” Big Government, National Security, 2016 presidential elections, Devin Nunes, House Intell, House Intellige, Office of Congressional Ethics, Rep. Devin Nunes (R.-Calif.), Susan Rice, U.S. intelligence surveillance








Nunes’ announcement came as the House Ethics Committee released a statement disclosing that the committee was investigating public allegations that Nunes made unauthorized disclosure of classified documents.“This was a coordinated attack by left-wing groups against Nunes,” the source said. “As the Ethics Committee does its inquiry, he could not have other Republican committee members constantly having to defend him instead of focusing on the Russia investigation and particularly the abuse of intelligence through the improper unmasking of Americans’ names for political purposes.”Nunes was not pushed by House Republican leadership to recuse himself, but it was not helpful to have other Republicans, notably Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) join Democrats in questioning his motives and competence.Sunday, McCain told Martha Raddatz on ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos” Nunes was hindering congressional efforts to determine how the Russians interfered in the 2016 election cycle, when he communicated with the White House about information he gathered from a whistle blower with informing Democrats on his committee. “If we’re really going to get to the bottom of these things, it’s got to be done in a bipartisan fashion. And as far as I could tell, Congressman Nunes killed that.”The Los Angeles Times reported March 22 that Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), top Democrat on the the Intel Committee told the paper:Schiff said he raised his concerns directly with Nunes after the Republican disclosed new information publicly and then to the White House. He stopped short of saying whether Nunes was improperly making classified information public, saying instead that his actions were “beyond irregular.”Nunes’ actions further demonstrated the need for an independent inquiry into Russia’s actions during the campaign, Schiff said.“We’re the only investigation there is. If we don’t do it, no one is going to do it,” Schiff said. “Now, perhaps the White House would like it that way. But the American people, I think, want there to be a credible investigation. And if we’re not going to conduct it, then we need to have an independent commission do it.”The recusal is temporary and as soon as possible, the chairman intends to resume full control of the committee as soon as the House Ethics Committee resolves the charges made by left-wing groups, the source said.The source said Nunes hopes the Ethics Committee will work on his case during the Easter recess so the investigation can be wrapped up as soon as possible.Capitol Hill conservatives are now watching to see if Nunes will also recuse himself from the probe into former national security adviser Susan Rice.Big Government, Capitol Hill, House Democrats, House Ethics Committee, House Republican Leadership, martha raddatz, Rep. Adam Schiff, Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA), Sen John McCain, Sen. Lindsey Graham








Palm Beach (United States) (AFP) – Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping arrived in Florida Thursday for a first face-to-face summit, eying a basket full of “tweetable” deals to help avoid a public clash.Xi touched down at Palm Beach airport, where he received red carpet treatment and a military honor guard that offered no hint of the tensions that permeate this high-stakes superpower pow-wow.Trump arrived a little later and headed to his Mar-a-Lago resort — dubbed the “Winter White House” — where he will host Xi for what promises to be a masterclass in studied informality.The agenda for the 24 hour summit has purposely been left open, allowing the leaders to freewheel and build a rapport. Thursday’s main event is a joint dinner.Matt Pottinger, a top White House Asia expert who was tasked with planning the summit, promised a “relaxed interaction” despite a backdrop of tensions over trade and North Korea.“Spouses will be there” said Pottinger, indicating the leaders will be joined Thursday evening by US first lady and former model Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan — a celebrated folk singer who was once more famous than her husband.The group will “have an opportunity to have tea together, meet some of their senior cabinet officials, so to speak, on both sides, and have a dinner,” Pottinger added.Talks will continue up to a working lunch on Friday.Amid concerns about security and public perceptions, officials said Xi and his wife will not be staying at Mar-a-Lago, but at a resort and spa a short drive down the palm-fringed coast that is, for now, watched by snipers, tactical units and a coastguard cutter.The carefully choreographed dinners and displays of bonhomie mask an almost palpable anxiety about how the meeting will go.– Peace offerings –No one — neither diplomats nor aides — can be sure what will happen when the most powerful Chinese leader in a generation meets a mercurial American president who has been in office less than 100 days and is capable of unraveling the most carefully-laid plans with a single 140-character tweet.For that reason Xi is arriving with a gift-basket of “tweetable deliverables”, sources say, peace offerings on Trump’s signature issues — trade and jobs — that he hopes will smooth over a relationship that began on shaky ground following disagreements over Taiwan.Top of the list, according to a source briefed on Xi’s plans, will be a package of Chinese investments aimed at creating more than 700,000 American jobs — the number pledged to Trump by China’s regional rival Japan, during Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s February Mar-a-Lago visit.There may also be offers to further open China’s auto and agricultural markets, insiders say, and even some concessions on Chinese banks’ transactions with North Korea, a vital financial lifeline for the country.In return, Xi hopes to get assurances from Trump on punitive tariffs and that an American arms sale to Taiwan will be delayed, at least until after a major Communist Party meeting later this year.Trump’s position on the democratically-ruled Taiwan, which China considers a breakaway province, has been a major irritant since the billionaire politician accepted a protocol-breaking phone call from the Taiwanese president after his election victory.– All politics is local –The summit stakes, both domestic and international, are high.Disagreements over approaches to North Korea or bilateral trade could, if mishandled, destabilize North East Asia or tank the global economy.On the domestic political front, Xi is heading into a critical year. Ahead of a party congress that could cement his grip on power for years to come, he needs to show that he can deal with the US leader as an equal.He “cannot afford to lose face while China aspires to be the new center of gravity for the world order,” China political analyst Willy Lam told AFP.Meanwhile, Trump — who is reeling from legislative defeats, low approval ratings and unrelenting scandals — desperately needs a win. He may not have much room to maneuver, however, with a country he has castigated for “stealing” American jobs and doing “little” to rein in North Korea’s nuclear program.Even though the two leaders “want to project themselves as very forceful, very decisive and also getting the best for the benefit of their own countries, they are also anxious not to get into difficult negotiating positions,” according to Lam.On the US side, however, North Korea will likely top the agenda following a provocative missile launch Wednesday — barely 48 hours before the summit.– Different interests –The Trump White House worries Pyongyang is just months away from marrying nuclear and long-range missile technology and putting the west coast of the United States within striking distance.The tough-talking new president has repeatedly and very publicly indicated his openness to military action.While Beijing has condemned the missile tests, it has hesitated to take dramatic action against Pyongyang, fearing that the country’s collapse would generate a flood of refugees across its borders and leave the US military on its doorstep.But coming to an agreement on the issue will not be easy, according to Bonnie Glaser, a China expert at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).“I don’t think they’re talking about solutions… at the end of the day, their interests are not really the same as the United States.’”








Trump Jr. made the comment during a speech to members of the F6 Labs gun club in Hicksville, New York, the New York Post’s Page Six reported.“Don Jr. said he is interested in running for office, such as governor of New York, but the position of mayor of New York would be less interesting to him,” one of the meeting’s attendees told Page Six.Trump Jr. reportedly said he was bored with his return to business after joining his father on the campaign trail for president.“The politics bug bit me,” he said.Trump Jr. did not give a timeline of when he would run for governor of New York. Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D), who has vocally criticized the president on a number of his policies, is up for re-election in 2018.Trump Jr. reportedly said he is not considering a congressional run in either the House or Senate.A source told Page Six that Trump Jr. “has no intentions of running for political office at this time” and is “totally focused on running the Trump Organization with his brother.”Big Government, Pre-Viral, campaign, Donald Trump Jr., F6 Labs gun club, Gov. Andrew Cuomo, governor, Hicksville, New York, Run for Office








Multnomah County Sheriff Mike Reese told Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson that Oregon law prohibits his providing assistance to enforcing federal law during an interview conducted by Lisa Fletcher that will air on Sunday morning. “The state law is a very clear guideline for local law enforcement and sheriff’s statewide,” Reese explained. “We can’t expend county resources or personnel towards immigration enforcement.”Fletcher countered that one state legislator is “furious about this.”“He says you’re not abiding by the law by not detaining some of these illegal immigrants who are held on very, fairly serious charges or who have committed fairly serious crimes, are a risk to the community,” she stated. “How do you respond to him?”The sheriff danced around the question, stating they hold people in their jails who “are accused of crimes in our communities.” He says he hold criminals until a judge says otherwise. Sheriff Reese said by not acting as immigration agents he believes the country is better off. “It simply worries me that we’ve spent so much time and energy building community trust and something outside of our control may damage that.”Crime victims might feel otherwise. A report issued on Thursday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials revealed that Sheriff Reese’s jail released a Mexican national on February 15. Immigration officials issued an immigration detainer on March 21, 2016. The report indicates the Mexican criminal alien has a prior conviction for sexual assault.The Declined Detainer Outcome Report for the week of January 28-February 3 revealed the release by the sheriff’s office of another Mexican national convicted of assault and a Tongan national convicted of amphetamine possession.Full Measure also presented an interview with immigration fugitive Francisco Aguirre, calling him the “poster child” for the sanctuary city of Portland. Aguirre, a Salvadoran national who fled to the U.S. as a teen. Oregon convicted the Salvadoran in 2014 for driving under the influence. Fletcher said he managed to avoid spending any time in jail for the crime, but it put him on the radar of ICE Enforcement Removal Operations officers.“A month later ICE knock on my door… tried to take me in custody. I let them know clearly that they wasn’t [sic] welcome there, and they must leave the property because it was private property,” Aguirre said defiantly. After the ICE officers left, Aguirre fled to Augustana Lutheran Church where he held up in a sanctuary for 81 days.Aguirre believes that despite entering the country illegally and committing another crime, he has earned the right to remain in the U.S.“You’re here illegally; you committed a crime, a crime that very well could have killed somebody,” Fletcher stated. “Why do you deserve to stay in this country?”“I understand that I commit a crime by getting a DUI.  But, we all, as a human being, make mistakes, and we always deserve a second chance,” Aguirre said, rationalizing his prior actions. “I been contribute [sic] to the economy of this country. I been paying my taxes, since I been living in this country. I’m willing to help my community whenever they need.”Aguirre remains safe under Sheriff Reese’s and the other elected officials of Portland’s sanctuary city protections. Or, maybe not. Late in March, ICE ERO officers carried out a targeted enforcement operation in three Pacific Northwest states, including Oregon. During that operation. Officers arrested more than 80 criminals aliens — 19 of those included aliens with DUI convictions.Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook. Big Government, Breitbart Texas, Immigration, Augustana Lutheran Church, Francisco Aguirre, Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson, Multnomah County Sheriff Mike Reese, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement








Agents with the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency conducted a five-day operation, spanning the three states, which targeted 68 illegal immigrants who were convicted of crimes such as drug dealing and armed robbery.Additionally, two of the illegal immigrants arrested by ICE are suspected MS-13 gang members, with ties to the El Salvadorian organization. Another two illegal immigrants had already been ordered for deportation, along with another two illegal immigrants who were facing local charges.Three other illegal immigrants arrested by ICE had overstayed their guest visas, another is wanted for crimes in a foreign country and one is a convicted human rights violator in a foreign country. The remaining illegal immigrants arrested were simply in the U.S. illegally.“This week’s operation successfully removed immigration violators with a variety of criminal convictions ranging from driving under the influence to grand larceny from our communities,” ICE’s Washington Field Office Director Yvonne Evans.The arrests include:The illegal immigrants arrested come from 26 nations, including Algeria, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, Iran, Mexico, Nicaragua, Peru, Philippines, Somalia, Sudan, Trinidad, and Vietnam.The illegal immigrants are awaiting removal from the U.S. or awaiting a hearing in an immigration court.John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.Big Government, Breitbart Texas, Immigration, Crime, El Salvador, ICE, Illegal Immigrants, illegal immigration, immigration, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Maryland, Mexico, MS-13, MS-13 Gang, Trump, virginia, washington d.c.








Trustee Al Lord bowed out of his re-election bid after being quoted in an article in the Chronicle of Higher Education. In the piece, Lord exclaimed that he is, “Running out of sympathy for 35 yr old, so-called victims with seven-digit net worth. Do not understand why they were so prominent in trial. As you learned, Graham Spanier never knew Sandusky abused anyone.”Lord, the former CEO of student loan company Sallie Mae, was commenting on Graham Spanier’s conviction on child endangerment charges. The former Penn State President was convicted on March 24 for his handling of a 2001 complaint against Sandusky, the school’s then-football defensive coordinator, PennLive.com reports.Sandusky was convicted on 45 counts of sexual abuse charges and is now serving a 60-year prison sentence.Despite the conviction and vindication of the many victims of abuse, Lord proclaimed himself “tired” of hearing about the victims.“I am tired of victims getting in the way of clearer thinking and a reasoned approach to who knew what and who did what,” Lord said in the interview with the Chronicle.Lord tried to walk back the comments by issuing a statement apologizing for “any pain the comment may have caused actual victims.”But, during a recent forum sponsored by Penn Staters for Responsible Stewardship, Lord finally decided that his effectiveness to the school had essentially been destroyed by his comments, and he decided to drop his bid for re-election.Lord also resigned from his position and will not serve out the final months of his current term.Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.Breitbart Sports, child abuse, Crime, Jerry Sandusky, Penn State, Sexual Abuse








Arguing in opposition to fetal heartbeat legislation being proposed around the country, Salon writer Elissa Strauss alleges that an embryo or fetus becomes a person “not in a single moment but in a series of moments, none necessarily more important than the next.”Mixing “life” with “humanity” and “personhood” into a baffling biological-philosophical cocktail, Straus mounts an extended if incoherent case for the non-binary nature of human life, meaning that it exists in infinitely varying degrees.This idea of a gradual in utero transformation from something into someone suggests that for much of gestation, a human fetus is part thing and part person. One is led to conclude that at the moment of conception the human zygote is simply a thing, which little by little becomes more and more a person as biological development occurs. Ms. Strauss does not explain why she believes this process of becoming a human arbitrarily stops at birth, rather than continuing through adolescence and into the biological prime of the person.On the experiential plane, Strauss backs up her questionable thesis by claiming that many pregnant women “experience the embryo’s gradual passage to personhood on a visceral level.”As women interact with the being within their wombs, they gradually come to identify that being as a person distinct from themselves.Yet women’s experience is far from infallible, Strauss suggests, especially when it comes to heartbeats.While it’s “hard to be unmoved by the coursing of blood through an embryo or fetus’ heart,” Strauss admits, “the heartbeat deceives.”In other words, women should be believed when they experience “the embryo’s gradual passage to personhood,” but women should be distrusted when they are moved “by the coursing of blood” through an embryo’s heart.What is it that makes the heartbeat so deceptive?“It renders the grayscale beginnings of life in black and white,” Strauss claims, “in refutation of the fact [sic] that this is a mysterious process with many possible ends.”Strauss chooses not to deal with the biological and philosophical problems that arise from the suggestion that a being can be partially alive or partially human. In common experience as well as scientific understanding, human life is a binary function, meaning that it either is or is not present. While we do sometimes speak of persons as being “barely alive,” they are still alive and not inanimate matter (which is the only other alternative to life).Astonishingly, Strauss asserts that “the medical community tends to agree” with her theory that we simply don’t know when human life begins, if it has a discrete beginning at all.Yet, Ms. Strauss is quite mistaken in this declaration, judging from the vast majority of textbooks on embryology and scientific literature on the subject.“Almost all higher animals start their lives from a single cell, the fertilized ovum (zygote),” we read in Patten’s Foundations of Embryology. “The time of fertilization represents the starting point in the life history, or ontogeny, of the individual.”“At the moment the sperm cell of the human male meets the ovum of the female and the union results in a fertilized ovum (zygote), a new life has begun,” declares Van Nostrand’s Scientific Encyclopedia.“Although life is a continuous process, fertilization is a critical landmark because, under ordinary circumstances, a new, genetically distinct human organism is thereby formed,” state O’Rahilly and Müller in their Human Embryology & Teratology. After fertilization, the embryo “now exists as a genetic unity.”In point of fact, at fertilization, the human being emerges as a genetically distinct member of the species homo sapiens, needing only the proper environment in order to grow and develop.Yet not content with trying to twist science and women’s experience to her cause, Strauss also attempts to enlist religion.“The majority of Jews do not believe that life begins at conception but instead see the creation of life as something that happens over time,” she reports. “During this process, the fetus is seen as part of the mother, whose well-being, both immediate and future, takes precedence.”Ms. Strauss seems to suggest that most Jews believe that for an extended period, the human fetus is only partly alive in a process that will eventually result in the fetus being fully alive at some undetermined moment.It is unclear how many Jews Ms. Strauss consulted to obtain this extravagant assertion, since it runs counter to the biblical testimony regarding the creation of life, which happens instantaneously.In the end, Strauss’ article may be nothing more than a failed attempt at self-justification, since she candidly admits that last year she had 19 of her own eggs fertilized, most of which did not survive. After all, if she were to acknowledge that human life begins at conception, she would be forced to accept responsibility for those lives.Still, one is comforted to think that most readers are unwilling to deny biological and philosophical truths just to assuage a troubled conscience.Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsromeAbortion, Big Government, Big Journalism, Abortion, Elissa Strauss, embryology, fetal heartbeat legislation, human life, Salon Magazine, Van Nostrand’s Scientific Encyclopedia, zygote








Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,”  deputy assistant to President Donald Trump weighed in on the report that former National Security Adviser Susan Rice was behind the “unmasking” of Trump transitional officials in raw intelligence after the 2016 presidential election.Gorka explained how some Trump officials could be targeted for political means under the current requirements for surveillance.“Look, the president has been explicit here, Sean,” Gorka said. “We’re going to allow the mandated authorities — the congressional committees to do their work. We’re not going to do witch hunts. That’s what the left radical, progressive political elite does with their enemies. So, we’re going to let the system deal with this as it should.”“But again, your guests, I listen to your radio show as I was coming into the show today,” he continued. “You had a former operative talk about how it’s not rocket science to engineer a network analysis of telephone calls, who is calling who. If you want to attack me or Steve Bannon or Steve Miller or Kellyanne Conway, you say, ‘Oh, they regularly call their nephew in Canada. Well, that’s a foreigner. I don’t need the same kind of intelligence authorities to intercept a foreign call. Then you start to find a way to unmask all of these conversations so that you can make political profit. That’s a very, very tenable theory. And that’s the kind of thing we have to find out if it was really happening. Because if that’s the case, that is weaponizing intelligence for political purposes against your other party.”When asked by Hannity how this compared to Watergate, Gorka suggested it paled in comparison.“Losing 14 minutes of audiotape in comparison to this is a little spat in the sandbox in the kindergarten,” Gorka replied.Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poorBreitbart TV, Fox News Channel, Hannity, Sean Hannity, Sebastian Gorka, Susan Rice, Watergate, wiretapping








“Take a look at what’s happening,” Trump told the New York Times. “I mean, first of all her performance was horrible yesterday on television even though she was interviewed by Hillary Clinton’s P.R. person, Andrea Mitchell.”Trump said he thought that the media was not covering the story enough, pointing to some Democratic friends of his who were disturbed by the civil liberties aspects of Rice’s behavior. The president did not share any new details, but encouraged the press to keep digging.“I don’t want to comment on anything about — other than to say I think it’s a — I think it’s truly one of the big stories of our time,” he said.The president also dismissed the media’s obsession with the Russia story.“The Russia story is a total hoax,” he said. “There has been absolutely nothing coming out of that. But what, you know, what various things led into it was the story that we’re talking about, the Susan Rice. What’s happened is terrible.”Big Government, Big Journalism, Andrea Mitchell, Hillary Clinton, MSNBC, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, U.S. President Donald J Trump








“I think she absolutely deserves the opportunity to clear her name, under oath, before several congressional committees,” Bolton responded. “And probably so do a lot of other people in the Obama administration, right up to and including the president.”“You know the famous question that Sen. Howard Baker asked repeatedly during the Watergate hearings: ‘What did the president know, and when did he know it?’ That question needs to be put to Barack Obama,” he recommended.John Bolton is a former U.N. ambassador, senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and head of the BoltonPAC political action committee.Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.LISTEN:Big Government, Radio, barack obama, Breitbart News Daily, John Bolton, National Security Adviser, surveillance, Susan Rice, unmasking








Schwarzenegger made the endorsement in an interview with the Los Angeles Times:“He should run in 2020, yes,” Schwarzenegger said in an interview with The Times when asked whether Kasich, whom he supported over Trump in the 2016 presidential race, should launch another presidential campaign.“Kasich is an extraordinary guy. He’s a man of substance. He’s worked in Washington, he’s worked in local government, he’s worked in statewide government. He has the experience. He can see things. He has vision,” Schwarzenegger enthused. “He’s also a moderate. He’s a tough Republican and very fiscally conservative, but he also at the same time loves helping people.”Schwarzenegger backed Kasich in 2016, to little effect. In the Republican primary, the Ohio governor only carried his home state.Arguably, Kasich made Trump’s primary win easier by staying in the race so long that it became impossible for any Trump challenger — specifically, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) — to round up the necessary delegates and campaign cash.During the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Kasich refused to show up, angering his own state’s delegation. Despite Kasich’s opposition, Trump carried the crucial Buckeye State by nearly 9 percentage points, taking all 18 Electoral College votes en route to victory.Trump and Schwarzenegger have carried on a war in social media, trading barbs over political issues and particularly over the ratings of The Apprentice, where Schwarzenegger filled in for Trump but later withdrew from the show.Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.Big Government, Big Hollywood, Breitbart California, 2016 presidential race, 2020 presidential election, 2020 republican primary, Arnold Schwarzenegger, John Kasich








Raffel — the 32-year-old communications chief for horror production company Blumhouse Productions (The Purge, Insidious) and a veteran of New York City-based PR firm Hiltzik Strategies — will reportedly join the White House Office of American Innovation, according to Variety.The outlet notes that Raffel is well-respected among entertainment industry journalists for his “sane, sensible style, and his wit.”The Washington Post reported in March that Kushner had been tasked with overseeing the Office of American Innovation, a new White House office that will reportedly be focused on overhauling the federal bureaucracy by taking ideas from the business world and applying them to government. The office will reportedly be staffed by former business leaders and will report directly to President Trump. Among the notable names in the business world who have already participated in meetings are Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Apple CEO Tim Cook and Microsoft founder Bill Gates.“We should have excellence in government,” Kushner told the Post last month. “The government should be run like a great American company. Our hope is that we can achieve successes and efficiencies for our customers, who are the citizens.”Raffel will reportedly move to Washington, D.C. to begin his new job in the coming weeks. He will be replaced at Blumhouse by former Universal Filmed Entertainment Group spokeswoman Teri Everett.Kushner has quietly become a major force in the Trump administration, as the president has entrusted the young advisor with duties ranging from negotiating a potential Israel-Palestinian peace deal to maintaining a healthy diplomatic relationship with Mexico. Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaumBig Government, Big Hollywood, Blumhouse, Jared Kushner, Josh Raffel, White House Office of American Innovation








The Atlanta–based artist told the co-hosts of The View Thursday that he took issue with talk show host Steve Harvey, rapper-producer Kanye West, and football Hall of Famer and civil rights champion Jim Brown meeting with Trump.“Before you stand and smile and say this is a good man and take pictures, what about addressing the disrespect and disregard for our community that was done?” T.I. said, adding “And what about him being the poster child for white supremacy and standing for the people who look to devalue our lives?”The Grammy-winning star of the VH1 reality show T.I. & Tiny: The Family Hustle also defended fellow rapper Snoop Dogg, who recently starred in a politically-charged music video that sees the “Doggystyle” rapper pull a gun on and “shoot” a parody clown version of President Donald Trump.“Whatever Snoop said, he had the right to say. He’s protected by the Constitution in saying it,” T.I. said. “We have to protect our legends. We have to protect our heroes and the people who mean something to us and our community and our culture.”The View co-host Sunny Hostin suggested that Trump advisor Omarosa Manigault has stated the administration’s intention to “bridge the gap” between the White House and the black community, to which T.I. responded with a personal insult.“She can’t even bridge the gap in her teeth,” the rapper said.T.I. had originally defended Snoop Dogg and his controversial video in an Instagram message, calling Trump a “f*cking tangerine tanned muskrat scrotum skin, lacefront possum fur wig wearing, alternative fact, atomic dog diarrhea face ass man [sic].” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudsonBig Hollywood, Jim Brown, Kanye West, Steve Harvey, T.I., The View, Tip Harris








Fox Sports 1 “Undisputed” co-host Shannon Sharpe compared the “different standard” for New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski seen by some NFL players to that of former President Barack Obama and President Donald Trump.Gronkowski only played eight games in 2016 before he had to have season-ending back surgery. The criticism on the tight end comes after he participated in WrestleMania 33 and stole quarterback Tom Brady’s jersey before a Red Sox game this week while recovering from the surgery.According to Sharpe, Gronkowski gets away with more off the field than black stars like New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. and Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant, much like Trump has gotten away with more than Obama, although he did not offer up any examples.“Think about what was expected of President Obama and then look what is tolerated with President Trump,” Sharpe said.“Listen, when a white guy does that, that’s just him, that’s Gronk being Gronk,” Sharpe added later. “Let Odell Beckham do that. Let Cam Newton and Dez Bryant do that. Let’s take Cam because quarterbacks are judged t0 — let’s just take one of these guys. Dez Bryant, Odell, Antonio Brown, let them walk around chugging beers … the team wouldn’t go for it.”Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrentBreitbart Sports, Breitbart TV, barack obama, Donald Trump, Fox Sports 1, NFL, Rob Gronkowski, Shannon Sharpe, Undisputed








Baldwin writes in his new book, Nevertheless, that he didn’t realize Reed was underaged until the end of filming. “When I found out, just as we finished, that she was 17, I flipped out on the producers, who had told me something different,” he writes.Brunettti fired back at Baldwin on Twitter Tuesday, confirming that the actor “knew Reed was 16, didn’t find out AFTER filming, and did not yell at us.”Brunettti — who has since produced the Twilight and 50 Shades of Grey film franchises — further refuted Baldwin’s claims in a interview published Wednesday morning with the Hollywood Reporter.“Of course he totally knew how old she was,” Brunetti told THR. “That’s why there’s no nudity in the movie. He knew before we even cast the movie. I think he’s been method acting Trump too much and he doesn’t know difference between fake news anymore.”By Wednesday night, the Hollywood A-listers were trading personal insults in what has descended into a very public, profanity-filled social media war of words.A lengthy Twitter battle broke out between Baldwin and Brunetti, with both stars threatening to bury the other.@TatianaSiegel27 @DanaBrunetti @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am And Hollywood producers like Brunetti never do anything shady or unethical?— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am Name something I've done shady or unethical, Alec. You lied, face it, admit it and move on. I'm not afraid of bullies like you.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017Baldwin challenged Brunetti to release SAG paperwork required when shooting physical scenes with minors.@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am SAG rules require releases for scenes involving physical contact with minors. I take you have a copy of that?— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am If required, I'm sure there is one. But really, are you going to continue to deny that you didn't know she was 16?? I'll bury you.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017Baldwin continued to insist that he was unaware of Reed’s age until the end of filming. Brunetti asked Mini’s First Time producer Evan Astrowsky and director Nick Guthe to weigh in.@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am I was told she was 16 by her hairdresser. At the end of the shoot.You're already buried.— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am You're a fool. She just came off a movie called 13!! Do I need to bring in the other crew to vouch that you knew?? @NickGuthe wanna weigh in— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@DanaBrunetti @ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NikkiReed_I_Am 1) Because she was 16 we had to submit storyboards to her parents, agents and managers of all scenes with physical contact.— Nick Guthe (@NickGuthe) April 5, 2017Baldwin then suggested that Bruneti use the public feud as publicity for his Fifty Shades of Grey. To which Brunetti responded in kind.@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am Look at it as good publicity for that stunning work of yours on 50 SHADES OF GRAY— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am Look at it as good publicity for your book of lies that you have already admitted wasn't properly vetted.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017The battle devolved further into name-calling and the two stars trading attacks involving their personal and professional lives.The problem with Hollywood is they cower to blowhard bullies like @ABFalecbaldwin. He can't handle when someone like me stands up to him.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@DanaBrunetti No wonder Spacey fired you.— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin More lies. No wonder Kim divorced you.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am Produce the union required release form and your problems are over.For now.— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am Don't threaten me you douche— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am As the president of the Film Actors Guild, you should be able to easily access them. #TeamAmerica— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am Dana, produce the releases, you Hollywood zombie, and you're all good— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am I'm sure SAG has them. Contact them. You're the one maligning me and will need to defend and retract your lies.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am Put down that 50 Shades part 9 script you're reading and trot on over to SAG! Pronto!— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am Also, u should make a movie of this.Get @NickGuthe to direct.Get those waivers signed, though!— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am Don't be jealous. I may have a part for you in it.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am I'm doing @matchgameabc so I don't have to work w guys like u…— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am @matchgameabc You mean my Oscar nominated films? Nice plug by the way. When are you gonna come out to the 310 with a chain and show us how it's done?— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am @matchgameabc Do me 1 favor? Just teach me how to bankrupt a company like Relativity. I want to put it in a screenplay I'm working on.Oh. Get the waiver.— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am @matchgameabc Again, you don't know what you're talking about. It was BK before I got there. What else you got angry man?— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am @matchgameabc The sad truth is I like you, however when slandered ina lie I will call it out. If you were a man you'd admit the truth and own it.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@DanaBrunetti @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am @matchgameabc What else? I present you w the first ever Dan Brunetti award. You know what that's for…— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am @matchgameabc Please elaborate, douche nozzle.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017@ABFalecbaldwin @TatianaSiegel27 @NickGuthe @NikkiReed_I_Am @matchgameabc And again, I suggest you contact your agent @MattDelPiano so he can warn you of the waters you're wading into.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 5, 2017How have I only gained 12 followers from all of this?— Nick Guthe (@NickGuthe) April 6, 2017@DJD @ABFalecbaldwin Best role and acting he's done in years.— Dana Brunetti (@DanaBrunetti) April 6, 2017 Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudsonBig Hollywood, Alec Baldwin, Dana Brunetti, Mini's First Time, Nikki Reed








The piece for Britain’s state-owned, tax funded broadcaster briefly acknowledges that the culprit for the use of chemical weapons has not yet been determined, reporting merely that Syrian President Dr. Bashar al-Assad had been “blamed”. Rather than placing blame on any of President Trump’s actions while in office, the BBC report instead finds fault with the President for not having taken the U.S. to war with the Syrian government in the first months of his presidency — and presumably Syria’s Russian allies with it.Noting, “There is an argument that the Trump administration’s ‘hands-off’ approach to Bashar al-Assad emboldened the Syrian President to carry out atrocities”, the article cites perennial Trump critic Senator John McCain who, amongst his other frequent attacks on President Trump, called his Syria policy  “disgraceful”.The BBC notes, in particular, McCain’s criticism of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who said the future of Syria’s governance was a matter for the Syrian people.Usher’s piece reports President Trump’s policy towards Syria has sat on the “back burner” while the new White House has dealt with other more pressing issues at home. The position appears to be broadly in keeping with previous public comments by President Trump on the country including a 2013 Tweet where he called on then President Barack Obama to not attack Syria and to deal with domestic issues instead.Indeed, the report notes Trump’s present arms-length policy isn’t much of a development from the ultimate position of the Obama years, which was initially enthusiastic to enact regime change in Syria but backed off when it became apparent that this would entail conflict with Russia.Despite the bold claims in the headline and opening paragraphs the piece later concedes: “To what degree, if any, Trump has contributed to Assad’s sense of impunity will remain a matter of debate.”Big Government, Big Journalism, Breitbart London, Bashar al-Assad, John McCain, President Donald Trump, Rex Tillerson, Syria








Chancellor Christian Kern’s office said Thursday that he is in contact with university founder George Soros about a possible move.The bill modifies rules regulating the 28 foreign universities in Hungary. CEU says parts of the bill directly target it, and could force it to close.Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban accuses the Hungarian-born Soros of trying to influence Hungarian politics. He says that CEU is “cheating” because it doesn’t have a U.S. campus but issues diplomas recognized in both countries.Vienna officials have also said the city is ready to host the university.Breitbart London, Austria, hungary, Soros








The brochure, entitled “Sexual Health and Rights in Sweden” covers a variety of topics from information on the transmission of HIV to the rights of asylum seekers who are gay or transsexual. The booklet is illustrated with graphic illustrations of explicit sex acts by artist Bitte Andersson.A number of the illustrations show group sex between crudely drawn people, some who appear to be gay, disabled, or transsexual.Andersson is also a director and actress who has worked in film. According to the Internet Movie Database (IMDB), she is the writer and director of the 2014 film Dyke Hard.  Aside from the overtly graphic depictions of sex, the 32-page booklet tells new migrants to Sweden: “If you are trans you can get medical help transitioning into a body that suits your gender identity. You can also change your legal gender.” The group describes six clinics across the country where transsexual asylum seekers can procure hormones or sexual reassignment surgeries for any migrant over the age of 16.The brochure claims to be targetted at any asylum seeker over the age of 15, which is the legal age of consent in Sweden.According to the group’s website, RFSL stands for The Swedish Federation for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer Rights and was formed in 1950. For the next two years, the RFSL has set several goals including advocating for “LGBTQ people’s right to asylum and opportunity to live in the country of their choice”. They also mention the need for more organisations to be open to LGBT people including religious organisations and advocate the changing of laws to make groups “more open”.The ideals of the organisation are sharply contrasted by reports from migrant-populated no-go areas like the Stockholm suburb of Husby where feminists have complained that Islamic fundamentalists rule the streets. Some women have complained of harassment and threats from Muslim men over the way they dress and other issues that conflict with fundamental Islamic teaching.Breitbart London, Immigration, Weird News, LGBT agenda, RFSL, Sweden, Sweden migrants








Pictures of men walking around hand-in-hand from The Netherlands to London and New York have gone viral under the hashtag #allemannenhandinhand (or “all men hand-in-hand”) on social media.The move came after Jasper Vernes-Sewratan, 35, and Ronnie Sewratan-Vernes, 31, were attacked on their way home early Sunday in the eastern city of Arnhem. One of them lost several teeth and got a bloody lip after being attacked with a bolt-cutter.Five teenagers, two 14-year-olds and three aged 16, were Thursday due to appear before magistrates, after handing themselves in following the attack, Dutch prosecutors said.It is believed all five took part in “very serious offences,” the prosecution service said in a statement, adding they faced charges of grievous bodily harm.“We don’t usually do that, holding hands in public,” Sewratan-Vernes told the public broadcaster NOS after the attack.“But we had had a nice evening, it was late and we thought we were alone.”The Netherlands was the first country in the world to legalise gay marriage in 2001 and the attack has shocked the Dutch.In response, journalist Barbara Berend called for men to hold hands as a show of solidarity.Her call won high-level support when the leader of the Democracy D66 party Alexander Pechthold and his colleague Wouter Koolmees arrived at the parliament building in The Hague on Monday morning holding hands.Since then, the gesture has been replayed by Dutch men around the world, while on Wednesday dozens marched in Amsterdam holding hands, and carrying rainbow-coloured umbrellas.Male colleagues from the Dutch embassy in London and Canberra tweeted a picture of them stepping out hand-in-hand, following similar images from the Dutch delegation at the United Nations in New York.Even the Nijmegen first division football club has got in on the act, posting a picture on its Twitter account of the team lined up holding hands facing its stadium.“The N.E.C turns its back on anti-gay violence,” reads the caption.Breitbart London, Homophobia, the netherlands








“I encounter human waste in BART elevators several times a week — so frequently that it has become a predictable part of my commute,” Ian Smith, one of the plaintiffs in the civil rights lawsuit, who uses a wheelchair to move around, told the San Francisco Chronicle. “My hope is that this lawsuit will finally get BART to address the needs of the disability community.”Two nonprofit law firms filed the lawsuit, the Disability Rights Advocates and Legal Aid at Work, on behalf of advocacy groups Senior and Disability Action and the Independent Living Resource Center of San Francisco, and disabled civilians Smith and Pi Ra.Disability rights advocate Rebecca Williford told KTVU Fox 2 that “200,000 people throughout the Bay Area with mobility disabilities are affected by this. And that’s why we had to file a class action lawsuit in order to get relief.”However, she said the clients filing the suit are not seeking personal compensation.Our clients and the attorneys are only seeking injunctive and declaratory relief. And that means we are not seeking money for the clients. WE are not seeking money for the clients. We are in this to fix the BART system and make it more accessible. BART has a lot of barriers that it needs to fix, but it can get better. So we are looking for regularly maintained elevators, paths of travel that are made more accessible, and just a regular, reliable plan for maintaining all the accessible features at BART.BART is hardly the vision of reliable transportation it was when it first opened its train doors to the public in 1972. The system has become increasingly dilapidated since the 1990’s and is in dire need of updates, including new rail cars and a and maintenance center, in addition to rail replacements. In 2015, BART experienced a broken rail, six-hour slowdown, and a power outage, in one day.There is some hope in the Golden State’s cautious $2.6 billion effort to replace hundreds of older public transportation cars with new ones over the next five years.Up to $900 million from the $2.6 billion effort will go towards an overhaul of BART’s train control system, which will include an additional third door to make entering and exiting the car easier, and wheelchair spaces for disabled patrons.Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNazBreitbart California, Tech, Weird News, BART, Bay Area, Disability, Disability Rights Advocates, Disabled, disgusting, disgusting elevators, Ian Smith, Independent Living Resources Center of San Francisco, Legal Aid at Work, Pi Ra, Rebecca Williford, san francisco, Senior and Disability Action, unsanitary, wheelchair








The 35-year-old Trainwreck actress appears on the May cover of InStyle dressed in a white, one-piece Ralph Lauren swimsuit and floating in a pool.“It was important to me to have someone representing beauty who is representative of more than a small part of the population,” InStyle editor-in-chief Laura Brown told WWD of the choice to feature Schumer on the cover. “Also, she has a voice. And that is really what I rely on and prioritize in every single person in the magazine. The fact that she looks freaking hot in a one-piece is no small delight.” Comedy queen @AmySchumer makes a splash 💦 on the cover of our May Beauty Issue. Dive right in. | 📷: @carterbedloesmith; Fashion Editor: @cristinaehrlich; Hair: @kimmykuppkakes; Makeup: @andrea_tiller; Manicure: @caseynails; Pop Styling: Lynn Nigro; Production: First Light ProductionsA post shared by instylemagazine (@instylemagazine) on Apr 5, 2017 at 5:31am PDTHowever, when the magazine’s official Instagram account posted a shot of the cover, at least one commenter said Schumer was the wrong choice.“Come on now!” wrote Dana Duggan of South Shore Swimwear in Massachusetts. “You could not find anyone better for this cover? Not everyone should be in a swimsuit.”The swimwear designer quickly faced a deluge of commenters who accused Duggan of “fat-shaming” the actress.“Not everyone should be in a swimsuit?! Swimwear is not just for women who are a size 2!” wrote one commenter. “She is a real woman with a real body. Bravo to @instylemagazine for showcasing her. She looks beautiful.”“You’re shallow and tacky,” another commenter wrote to Duggan. “And your swimwear looks like crap.”After facing a barrage of criticism, the designer reportedly set her social media accounts to private, according to the Daily Mail.But Duggan stood by her initial comment in a statement to the Huffington Post, telling the outlet that Schumer looks “like a pig” and that she was simply practicing her right to freedom of speech.“I can have my opinion and you can have yours,” Duggan said. “I’m tired of the media and publications trying to push the FAT agenda. It’s not healthy and it’s not pretty. What is wrong with featuring healthy and fit cover models?”For her part, Schumer has battled with fat-shaming “trolls” in the past.In May, the Comedy Central star posted a photograph of herself in a swimsuit in Hawaii and said she felt “happy.” I meant to write "good morning trolls!" I hope you find some joy in your lives today in a human interaction and not just in writing unkind things to a stranger you've never met who triggers something in you that makes you feel powerless and alone. This is how I look. I feel happy. I think I look strong and healthy and also like miss trunchbull from Matilda. Kisses!A post shared by @amyschumer on May 24, 2016 at 10:44am PDT“I meant to write ‘good morning trolls!'” she captioned the photo. “I hope you find some joy in your lives today in a human interaction and not just in writing unkind things to a stranger you’ve never met who triggers something in you that makes you feel powerless and alone.”Schumer is certainly confident in her appearance. In 2015, she posed semi-nude for Pirelli’s annual calendar, and also posed topless for the cover of her 2016 book of memoirs, The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo.In March, Schumer generated headlines when she accused Internet trolls of conspiring to bring down the ratings of her Netflix stand-up special, the Leather Special. The show held a one-star average review on the streaming service until the five-star system was replaced with a thumbs-up system this week.The comedian and actress is set to appear next in the comedy movie Snatched alongside Goldie Hawn, set for release in May. Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaumBig Hollywood, Amy Schumer, Dana Duggan, Fat shaming, InStyle, South Shore Swimwear








According to the Wall Street Journal, the aforementioned homeowners want Niantic to answer for the effects that Augmented Reality mobile hit Pokemon Go has had on their local communities. They cite examples where local parks have become a chaos of would-be monster hunters, and their homes plagued by pedestrians petitioning access to their backyards. Some allege that the especially persistent have even been aiming their phone cameras into the windows of houses, in search of the elusive virtual Pokemon.The homeowners are suing Niantic for what they believe amounts to both negligence on the developer’s part, and trespassing. Not only do they hold Niantic responsible for the misadventures of their players, but for the “virtual trespassing” of the pocket monsters themselves.Niantic wants the case dismissed, claiming that it is based on a distortion of trespassing laws. They point out that “noise, vibrations, dust, or a chemical cloud” are all more intrusive than the coordinates used to place the Pokemon, and even those are considered legally “insufficient for trespass” by the law.Furthermore, the company argues that such a precedent for digital trespass would send ripples far beyond this specific case — from GPS navigation systems to bird watching apps. Niantic points out that “all [of the examples] can attract visitors and impact nearby residents.”Finally, “Niantic does not control millions of players’ real-world movements,” they assert. The game requires that players agree not to trespass in order to play. This last point may be a little more contentious, according to Loyola Law School Professor John Nockleby. He isn’t sure that typical license agreements apply if Niantic knows that people will be tempted to trespass because of their game.It’s a complex situation, with ramifications that could well set the stage for future battles over an ever-thinning line between the virtual and physical worlds. Even though the insanity surrounding Pokemon Go has finally quieted, it still pulls in about $30 million every month from eager collectors. With millions of active players in the U.S. alone, that makes for a whole lot of unauthorized backyard foot traffic.Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.Tech, mobile gaming, Niantic, pokemon, Pokemon Go








From the website at the link above:The National World War I Museum and Memorial is honored to host America’s national ceremony commemorating the centennial of the United States’ entry into the Great War. Produced by the U.S. World War I Centennial Commission, the ceremony, In Sacrifice for Liberty and Peace: Centennial Commemoration of the U.S. Entry into World War I, will be held on April 6, 2017 at the Museum.Cart and Kassam discuss the reasons behind America’s entry into the war in detail in the audio below.Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.National Security, Radio, Great War, National World War I Museum and Memorial, World War I








Apprehensions of people trying to sneak into the United States, seen as an indicator of the total flow of undocumented immigrants, dropped to 16,600 in March, down 30 percent from February and 64 percent from a year ago.Kelly told the Senate Committee on Homeland Security that there was even a sharper fall in the number of families and unaccompanied children crossing the border.“We’ve seen an absolutely amazing drop in the number of migrants coming out of Central America,” he said.“In particular we have seen a dramatic reduction in the number of families, the number of children.”The decline comes after a surge in the last three months of 2016 that appeared to be a reaction to the looming crackdown Trump promised in his presidential campaign.Trump has pledged to expel the estimated 11-12 million undocumented immigrants in the United States, the largest portion of them from Mexico.Many have been in the country for decades, raising families, building businesses and buying homes.The White House said the fall in the number of people sneaking into the country was the result of Trump’s policies.“By achieving real results on illegal immigration, once again, President Trump is keeping his promises to the American people,” press secretary Sean Spicer said in a statement.“This decrease in apprehensions is no accident,” Kelly said.“It won’t last unless we do something to secure the border, a wall or physical barrier.”The Department’s US Customs and Border Protection unit has added personnel and money to policing the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) border.But Trump has pledged to build a wall along the entire frontier to halt the flow of people — largely from Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala and other impoverished Central American countries — into the US.Plans for the wall are just getting underway, and Kelly acknowledged that a physical barrier along the entire route is not feasible or practical.Instead, the additions to border control could involve a combination of physical barriers, electronic monitoring and more patrols.“It is unlikely that we will build a wall, a physical barrier, from sea to shining sea.”“All we know is that physical barriers do work if they are put in the right places.”Big Government, Immigration, border, DHS, illegal immigration, John Kelly








In January, Trump put the pharmaceutical industry on notice that drug prices were too high. President Trump explained that drug companies were “getting away with murder.” Trump added, “PhRMA has a lot of lobbies, a lot of lobbyists, a lot of power. And there’s very little bidding on drugs. We’re the largest buyer of drugs in the world, and yet we don’t bid properly. We’re going to start bidding. We’re going to save billions of dollars over a period of time.”Later that month, the president argued that the federal government could save $300 billion if it could negotiate drug prices.President Trump explained in an interview with Time magazine, which named him “Person of the Year,” that he intended to lower drug prices. Trump said, “Well actually the drug companies haven’t done well. I saw the other day the drug companies have not gone up very much. Because I’m going to bring down drug prices. I don’t like what’s happened with drug prices.”Trump lamented that the pharmaceutical lobby impeded the ability for the government to negotiate drug prices. “We don’t do it,” he said. “Why? Because of the drug companies.”In the past, Congress has failed to enact sufficient reforms to lower drug prices. When Congress was drafting the Medicare Part D prescription-drug benefit, big pharma added a provision which banned the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services from negotiating with drug companies to set prices.Last December, the Senate blocked a measure from Senator Bernie Sanders to amend the 21st Century Cures Act, allowing the importation of prescription drugs from other countries and for Medicare to negotiate drug prices. Sanders said on the Senate floor, “I am quite confident that all of my Republican colleagues will support an amendment in my hands that will do exactly what Trump said he would accomplish as president.”Now, pharmaceuticals cost America over $350 billion a year, which is roughly two percent of gross domestic product. Ravo Mehrotra, of MTS Health Partners, estimated that the government could save $16 billion if the government negotiated drug prices.In March, President Trump tweeted that he is working on a new system to bring down drug prices.I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 7, 2017Later that month, two of the biggest pharmaceutical firms announced that they will lower the cost of their pharmaceuticals.Sanofi and Regneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. said that its new treatment for atopic dermatitis, a painful skin condition, will cost $37,000. This is a substantial decrease from the $50,000 price tag  for similar treatments.Roche Holdings AG, lowered its price for a multiple sclerosis drug to $65,000, 25 percent cheaper compared to a 15 year-old competitor, Rebif.Regeneron CEO Leonard Schleifer told investors, “We believe that Sanofi and Regeneron and the payers are heading perhaps towards setting a new paradigm.” Schleifer added, “But it ain’t over yet.”Roger Longman, CEO of data analytics company Real Endpoints, said that pharma companies will have to lower drug prices under President Trump. Longman said, “In the old days, if you could convince the physician that one drug was slightly better than another, then he or she would prescribe it, it didn’t matter what the cost was.” Longman added, “Now, the decision makers are the payers: the insurance companies, the employers.”Marathon Pharmaceuticals paused the launch of its new drug, Emflaza, facing intense public scrutiny regarding the drug’s astronomical $89,000 price tag. Martin Shkreli, famous for raising the price of the drug Daraprim, said that, “These guys invented price increases. I literally learned it from them.”Since the election of Donald Trump, several large drug companies offered to lower the annual increase of drug prices. Novo Nordisk President Jakob Riis promised to limit the annual increase in drug prices. Riis explained, “We hear from more and more people living with diabetes about the challenges they face affording healthcare, including the medicines we make. We take this issue seriously and have been thinking about what we can do to better support patients,” Riis said. “This has become a responsibility that needs to be shared among all those involved in healthcare and we’re going to do our part.”Novo Nordisk followed the leadership of Brent Saunders, chief executive of Allergan, who issued a “social contract,” promising to limit the annual increase of the price of pharmaceuticals.Merck, Johnson & Johnson, and Lilly unveiled plans to increase their transparency regarding their drug pricing.President Trump pledged to lower the price of drugs by easing regulations from the Food and Drug Administration, which would make it easier to get drugs approved. Trump stated, “We’re also going to be streamlining the process, so that, from your standpoint, when you have a drug, you can actually get it approved if it works, instead of waiting for many, many years.”Robert Hugin of Celgene argued that the changes encouraged by President Trump stand to benefit every American. Hugin said, “The changes he is proposing are ones that I think are going to be great for the country and consumers.”Big Government, Economics, Obamacare, drug companies, lobbyists, Marathon Pharmaceuticals, Medicare Part D, Novo Nordisk, pharma companies, pharmaceutical industry, Regneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., Roche Holdings AG, Sanofi, U.S. President Donald J Trump








This morning’s key headlines from GenerationalDynamics.com
In a very dramatic gesture, US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley at the Security Council stands and displays picture of baby killed by nerve gas and excoriates Russia’s ambassador for supporting al-Assad, saying, ‘How many more children have to die before Russia cares?’President Donald Trump on Wednesday made it clear that he is planning some sort of action against Syria. Although he did not specify what kind of action, saying that he did not want to telegraph his plans, he did imply that military action is planned.The change of mind was triggered by a horrific chemical nerve gas attack on Syrian civilians on Monday, indiscriminately killing dozens of people. The pictures of children being killed apparently particularly affected Trump. The nerve gas was delivered in bombs on warplanes, which could only have been warplanes from the regime of Syria’s president Bashar al-Assad. After the nerve gas attack, another missile attack struck the hospital where nerve gas attacks had been taken, effectively putting the hospital out of service. There was clearly an intent to kill as many people as possible, including women and children.Syrian state media denied that that Syria was responsible:The government of the Syrian Arab republic categorically denies the allegations and false accusations about the use of poisonous, chemical weapons by the Syrian Arab army in Khan Sheikhoun region against Syrian civilians who are besieged by the armed terrorist groups as human shields there, Syria also affirms that the Syrian army doesn’t possess any kind of chemical weapons and it has not used them and it won’t use them in the future.The above statement contains known lies. Syria has provably used Sarin gas and chlorine gas in bombs in the past. No part of the above statement is credible, in view of the evidence. ARA News (Syria) and SANA (Damascus)Related ArticlesAt a news conference on Tuesday, Trump commented on Monday’s nerve gas attack in Syria, explaining why he changed his mind:Yesterday, a chemical attack – a chemical attack that was so horrific, in Syria, against innocent people, including women, small children, and even beautiful little babies. Their deaths was an affront to humanity. These heinous actions by the Assad regime cannot be tolerate…Well, I think the Obama administration had a great opportunity to solve this crisis a long time ago when he said the red line in the sand. And when he didn’t cross that line after making the threat, I think that set us back a long ways, not only in Syria, but in many other parts of the world, because it was a blank threat. I think it was something that was not one of our better days as a country. …I now have responsibility, and I will have that responsibility and carry it very proudly, I will tell you that. It is now my responsibility. It was a great opportunity missed…It crossed a lot of lines for me. When you kill innocent children, innocent babies — babies, little babies — with a chemical gas that is so lethal — people were shocked to hear what gas it was — that crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line. Many, many lines.In 2013, Bashar al-Assad launched a Sarin gas attack against civilians, after President Barack Obama has said that doing so would “cross a red line.” At that time, Trump tweeted the following:AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA – IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!However, Trump has now reversed those sentiments, and is blaming Obama for not intervening in 2013. However, he’s not calling it “a flip-flop,” instead ascribing it to flexibility:I like to think of myself as a very flexible person. I don’t have to have one specific way, and if the world changes, I go the same way, I don’t change. Well, I do change and I am flexible, and I’m proud of that flexibility. And I will tell you, that attack on children yesterday had a big impact on me — big impact. That was a horrible, horrible thing. And I’ve been watching it and seeing it, and it doesn’t get any worse than that.And I have that flexibility, and it’s very, very possible — and I will tell you, it’s already happened that my attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed very much. And if you look back over the last few weeks, there were other attacks using gas. You’re now talking about a whole different level.He says that he will not reveal his plans, but implies that the plans are military (as opposed to, say, sanctions):Well, one of the things I think you’ve noticed about me is, militarily, I don’t like to say where I’m going and what I doing. And I watched past administrations say, we will attack at such and such a day at such and such an hour…I watched Mosul, where the past administration was saying, we will be attacking in four months. And I said, why are they doing that? Then a month goes by, and they say, we will be attacking in three months, and then two months, and then we will be attacking next week. And I’m saying, why are they doing that? And as you know, Mosul turned out to be a much harder fight than anyone thought, and a lot of people have been lost in that fight. I’m not saying I’m doing anything one way or the other, but I’m certainly not going to be telling you, as much as I respect you, John.White HouseIn the past, I’ve criticized President Obama for flip-flopping on his “red line” statement. My point was not that military action should have been pursued. My point was that Obama should never have made a threat that he wasn’t going to act upon, since flip-flopping only emboldened Bashar al-Assad to commit worse atrocities.Now Senator Marco Rubio is making a similar criticism of President Trump. He’s referring to recent statements by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that the Trump administration no longer plans to demand that Bashar al-Assad step down.According to Rubio:In this case now, we have very limited options and look, it’s concerning that the Secretary of State, 72 hours ago or a week ago, last Friday, said that the future’s up to the people in Syria on what happens with Assad. In essence almost nodding to the idea that Assad was gonna get to stay in some capacity.I don’t think it’s a coincidence that a few days later we see this.Rubio’s claim is quite plausible.One might ask what al-Assad’s motivation was for ordering Monday’s horrific nerve gas attack. It was so outrageous, and so likely to backfire politically, that it really makes no sense.Every time I write that Bashar al-Assad is psychopathic monster and war criminal committing genocide against Sunni Muslims in Syria, I get criticized by al-Assad acolytes and paid Russian trolls. But I don’t think that there is any doubt about this. Bashar al-Assad is the worst war criminal so far this century, with a psychopathic desire to exterminate all Sunni civilians. Nothing else can explain this insane action.Al-Assad has never agreed to the peace that was agreed a few months ago in Astana, Kazakhstan, between Iran, Russia and Turkey. In fact, he has never shown any interest in participating in any peace process. I’ve pointed out many times, that al-Assad clearly has no intention of doing anything but torturing, slaughtering, and exterminating as many Sunni civilians as possible.Al-Assad has apparently been controlling his urges for political reasons for the last few months. Trump’s previous reluctance for military action in Syria, reaffirmed by Tillerson’s claims that the US would no longer demand that al-Assad step down have given a free ticket to al-Assad to do anything he wanted, and like an alcoholic who suddenly is told he can start drinking again, al-Assad suddenly felt freed to do whatever he wanted. I believe that that’s what Rubio meant, and I agree with it. International Business TimesSenators John McCain and Lindsey Graham were interviewed on Fox News on Wednesday evening. Although they were interviewed separately, they made exactly the same points:Here are the remarks of John McCain (my transcription):Those are horrible, and I spoke to the president this morning. He’s angry as he well should be , and he’s consulting with his military leadership, as well as his Secretary of State, and I have some optimism that he will take some concrete action here.He is obviously, as we all are, appalled.Could I make two points. One, this is a legacy of Barack Obama. The last time this happened, Barack Obama said they crossed a red line, called me and Lindsey Graham down to the White House, and did NOTHING. You know, one thing worse than doing nothing is saying you’re going to do something as the most powerful leader on earth, and doing nothing.So this is a legacy of Barack Obama, and it’s been going on for the intervening four years. So what we need to do, we need to stop Bashar Assad’s planes from flying. And we can do that easily. Just say don’t fly, or you’re gonna get shot down, and if you start operating out of the six bases that they have, we’re going to crater your runways with cruise missiles and other weapons. 41:54But you can’t fly because we’re not gonna let you drop nerve gas. We’re not gonna let you drop chlorine. We’re not gonna let you drop barrel bombs.You know what barrel bombs are? They’re large cylindical things filled with shrapnel. And they explode about 20 feet above the ground, and they indiscriminately kill people.He’s got to be stopped from flying, and we can stop him easily, using our cruise missiles and other capabilities. and we’ll tell the Russians, it’s your guy, you can join us in stopping him from flying and committing these war crimes.Then I would have safe zones, and there’s a lot of other things, but the first thing we gotta do is stop his ability to slaughter people.Here are the remarks of Lindsey Graham (my transcription):QUESTION: “What should President Trump do to Syria?”GRAHAM: Destroy his air power and create a safe zone in Syria where this never happens again.”QUESTION: “We’d have to bomb their airfields, right? There are Russian planes there.”GRAHAM: “They should move them.Then I would make sure that the people in Idlib would never be bombed again by Assad. There would be safe havens where people could go back to Syria from Europe and the United States. Talk won’t do it. This is a time for Pres Trump to show the world he’s not President Obama.This is a horrible event out of which could come an opportunity to reset the Mideast, to establish his presidency as something different than Obama, to send a dictator to everyone in the world there’s a new sheriff in town. And if he would actually hold Assad accountable and protect the innocent people of Syria, it would help us in Iran and North Korea and everywhere else.As I’ve been writing for years, Generational Dynamics predicts that Iran and the West will be allies in the approaching Clash of Civilizations world war, and that China, Pakistan and the Sunni Muslim countries will be pitted against the US, India, Russia and Iran. In the Mideast, Generational Dynamics predicts a full-scale Mideast war, pitting Jews against Arabs, Sunnis against Shias, and various ethnic groups against each other.These predictions will come true with absolute certainty, and it would have made no difference whether Trump or Hillary Clinton had been elected president. The events of the last two days are a major step forward along that trend line.Related ArticlesKEYS: Generational Dynamics, Donald Trump, Nikki Haley, Syria, Bashar al-Assad, Russia, Barack Obama, Marco Rubio, Rex Tillerson, John McCain, Lindsey Graham
 Permanent web link to this article
 Receive daily World View columns by e-mailNational Security, barack obama, Bashar al-Assad, Donald Trump, Generational Dynamics, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Marco Rubio, Nikki Haley, Rex Tillerson, Russia, Syria








Furthermore, it doesn’t even look like much of a “test,” because a defense official told Fox it was an older SCUD missile, not one of the new weapons North Korea has been working on.Secretary of State Tillerson’s official response to the North Korean provocation suggested he was not provoked. His statement was exactly 23 words long: “North Korea launched yet another intermediate range ballistic missile. The United States has spoken enough about North Korea. We have no further comment.”This unprovoked response to North Korea’s flaccid provocation was, in turn, highly provocative to Chris Cillizza of CNN, who suffered a complete meltdown on Wednesday morning:That’s a total of 23 words, if you’re counting. Twenty-three words that leave you more confused when you get to the end of them than when you started. Is Tillerson trying to talk tough? Or is he refusing to give North Korea the attention he thinks they’re trying to grab in advance of the US-China meeting? Somewhere in between? Neither? Both?The statement reads, to channel Winston Churchill, like a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. It’s Ernest Hemingway but for complicated and delicate matters of foreign policy. It’s, in a (hyphenated) word, a head-scratcher.The rest of Cillizza’s column collapsed into a long argument with himself about whether diplomatic ambiguity is “dangerous” because “misunderstandings can cause international incidents,” or if Tillerson’s brevity was an appropriate expression of the Trump administration’s tough new “time for talking is over” stance toward Pyongyang.At roughly the same time, CNN was running another article from James Griffiths which noted Tillerson might have been doing the right thing by ignoring the “airborne middle finger” from Pyongyang ahead of the summit between President Trump and President Xi Jinping of China, and it doesn’t much matter what Western powers say about North Korea’s behavior anyway:The test, which sent a missile into the sea off North Korea’s east coast Wednesday, occurred ahead of a hugely important meeting between the leaders of the US and China this week and has been described by one analyst as an insult from Pyongyang to US President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping.“It was an airborne middle finger to Trump and Xi before they sit down for their summit,” said Euan Graham, director of the international security program at Australia’s Lowy Institute.The US response, delivered via Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, was short and sharp — “The United States has spoken enough about North Korea”. It was very different from previous lengthy, threat-laden responses.And while Tillerson’s taciturn comments were instantly criticized online, analysts said it was difficult to gauge if his approach would make much of a difference compared to his predecessors’.Is the contrary argument that Trump would be somehow giving Kim Jong-un the green light to nuke half of Asia by refusing to respond at length to every missile launch, no matter how half-hearted the provocation? As the Fox News report points out, many analysts believe North Korea is preparing for another nuclear weapons test, possibly during Xi’s visit to Washington. Perhaps saving the strong words for that will better convey the seriousness of the new administration’s approach.Coincidentally, former CIA director Michael Hayden gave a speech at Johns Hopkins University’s School of Advanced International Studies on Tuesday in which he warned North Korea could become capable of hitting Seattle with “an indigenously produced nuclear weapon aboard an indigenously produced intercontinental ballistic missile” before President Trump leaves office.Hayden said it would be “probably a low-probability shot” if North Korea actually launched a nuclear missile at Seattle, but stressed there was an “inexorability” about their developing the capability.Yonhap News reports that Hayden also quoted former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper’s assessment that Pyongyang would be “crazy” to halt its nuclear program after the effort already devoted to it, and China regards North Korea as a “bad toothache” it can generally ignore. He suggested China’s attitude could be changed by making “the toothache hurt more,” with measures such as deploying the THAAD anti-missile system in South Korea, and perhaps Japan.U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley has explicitly described the Trump administration’s approach to China and North Korea in these terms: “I think the United States has seen China, for 25-plus years, say that they’re concerned about North Korea, but we haven’t seen them act like they’re concerned about North Korea. I think this administration wants to see them act, and they’re going to pressure them to do that. Hopefully China will respond favorably, because we know at the end of the day, the only one that North Korea’s really going to respond to is China.”Fox News quotes Ralph Cossa of the Pacific Forum CSIS joking that North Korea “doesn’t mind being hated, but they definitely hate to be ignored.” Tillerson’s supporters applaud him for giving Pyongyang what it hates. It will be up to President Trump to work on Beijing’s toothache while President Xi is in Washington.Big Government, Big Journalism, National Security, China, missile test, North Korea, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley








Palm Beach (United States) (AFP) – Donald Trump hosts Chinese President Xi Jinping at his sun-kissed Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida on Thursday, a high-stakes first summit replete with pitfalls for both leaders.The stage is set for a carefully choreographed dinners with family and displays of bonhomie, but beneath the facade runs a wary, almost palpable, anxiety — as the men face a make or break moment.Xi is arriving at the resort with a gift-basket of “tweetable deliverables”, sources say, peace offerings on Trump’s signature issues — trade and jobs — that he hopes will smooth over a relationship that began on shaky ground following disagreements over Taiwan.In return, he hopes to get assurances from Trump on American sales of arms to the island, as well as trade.But what Trump wants is less clear. No one — neither diplomats nor aides — can be sure what will happen when the most powerful Chinese leader in a generation meets a mercurial American president who has been in office less than 100 days and is capable of unravelling the most carefully-laid plans with a single 140-character tweet.The stakes, both domestic and international, are high.Disagreements over approaches to North Korea or bilateral trade could, if mishandled, destabilise North East Asia or tank the global economy.On the domestic front, Xi is heading into a critical political meeting later this year. He needs to show that he can deal with the US leader as an equal and eliminate the potential for unwelcome surprises in the run-up to the event that could assure his power for years to come.He “cannot afford to lose face while China aspires to be the new centre of gravity for the world order,” China political analyst Willy Lam told AFP.Meanwhile, Trump — who is reeling from legislative defeats, low approval ratings and unrelenting scandals — desperately needs a win. He may not have much room to maneuver, however, with a country he has castigated for “stealing” American jobs and doing “little” to rein in North Korea’s nuclear program.Even the two leaders “want to project themselves as very forceful, very decisive and also getting the best for the benefit of their own countries, they are also anxious not to get into difficult negotiating positions,” according to Lam.– ‘Win-win’ –Amid such high stakes, Xi plans to offer “win-win” gifts calculated to make it easy for Trump to make concessions while burnishing his hard-charging, deal-making public persona.Top of the list, according to a source briefed on Xi’s plans, will be a package of Chinese investments aimed at creating more than 700,000 American jobs — the number pledged to Trump by China’s regional rival Japan, during Prime Minister Abe’s February Mar-a-Lago visit.There may also be offers to further open China’s auto and agricultural markets, insiders say, and even some concessions on Chinese banks’ transactions with North Korea, a vital financial lifeline for the country.He may also offer Chinese assistance in Trump’s infrastructure renewal plan and a stake in China’s newly established infrastructure bank.In exchange, according to the source, Xi will ask Trump to delay planned weapons sales to Taiwan and loosen export restrictions on biotech and water treatment sectors.Xi’s main objective will not be establishing a relationship “for the next three or four years, but stable ties during the next three quarters” through China’s 19th Party Congress, according to the source.Trump’s position on the democratically-ruled Taiwan, which China considers a breakaway province, has been a major irritant in the Sino-US relationship since the billionaire politician accepted a protocol-breaking phone call from the Taiwanese president after his election victory.For Xi, an olive branch on Taiwan is a key objective, according to Shen Dengli, a US-China expert at Shanghai’s Fudan University: “Expect just one thing: Taiwan.”– Diverging interests –On the US side, however, North Korea will likely be on the top of the agenda following a provocative missile launch Wednesday — barely 48 hours before the summit was due to start.The Trump White House worries Pyongyang is just months away from marrying nuclear and long-range missile technology and putting the west coast of the United States within striking distance.The tough-talking new president has repeatedly and very publicly indicated his openness to military action.While Beijing has condemned the missile tests, it has hesitated to take dramatic action against Pyongyang, fearing that the country’s collapse would generate a flood of refugees across its borders and leave the US military on its doorstep.But coming to an agreement on the issue will not be easy, according to Bonnie Glaser, a China expert at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).“I don’t think they’re talking about solutions… at the end of the day, their interests are not really the same as the United States’”Yang Xiyu, a researcher at China Institute of International Studies, agreed: “The Chinese side will not change its positions because of anything Trump says.”








“I think we’ll be successful,” he said during a joint press conference with King Abdullah II of Jordan. “I hope to be successful — I can tell you that.”Standing alongside the Jordanian leader in the White House Rose Garden, Trump vowed to work with him to attain the elusive peace deal and said he would confer with Abdullah over the best ways to strike a comprehensive accord. “To advance the cause of peace in the Middle East, including peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians,” Trump said, “I’m working very, very hard on trying to finally create peace between the Palestinians and Israel.Read more here.Big Government, Breitbart Jerusalem, National Security, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, King Abdullah II of Jordan, Middle East diplomacy, Palestinians and Israel, State of Israel, U.S. President Donald J Trump, White House Rose Garden








The IDF later identified IDF Sgt. Elchai Taharlev, 20, from the West Bank settlement of Talmon as the victim who was killed in the attack. The military added that his family has been notified of his death, and his funeral will be held Thursday night at Mt. Herzl Cemetery in Jerusalem. Taharlev was posthumously promoted to the rank of Sergeant First Class.According to Magen David Adom, the second victim, 19, was fully conscious after what the IDF said was an intentional attack.Read more here.Breitbart Jerusalem, Jihad, National Security, IDF soldier, islamic terrorism, Israel security, jihad, Magen David Adom, Mt. Herzl Cemetery, Ofra settlement, Route 60








Russia’s attempts to blame the gas attack on rebel weapons reportedly angered the U.N. Security Council, per the BBC. Russia claims the Syrian government did conduct airstrikes against the town of Khan Sheikhoun, but the strikes accidentally hit a compound that was producing illegal chemical weapons for the rebels.“Yesterday, from 11:30 am to 12:30 pm local time, Syrian aviation made a strike on a large terrorist ammunition depot and a concentration of military hardware in the eastern outskirts of Khan Sheikhoun town. On the territory of the depot, there were workshops which produced chemical warfare munitions,” Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Igor Konoshenkov said of Tuesday’s strikes.The BBC reports this explanation was quickly dismissed by Britain’s Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, as well as weapons experts and eyewitnesses to the attack. “Everyone saw the plane while it was bombing with gas,” a rebel commander stated, while journalists working in the area denied the existence of a facility like the one Konoshenkov described.“I’ve seen absolutely nothing to suggest or to lead us to think that it is anything but the regime. And all the evidence I have – there may be more to come out on this – all the evidence I have seen suggest this was the Assad regime who did it with the foreknowledge that they were using illegal weapons in a barbaric attack on their own people,” Johnson said on Wednesday’s Good Morning Britain.The United States also insists Syrian forces conducted a chemical weapons attack. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson accused Syrian ruler Assad of acting with “brutal, unabashed barbarism.”Asked about Russia’s explanation for the gas attack, a senior White House official told Reuters: “We don’t believe it.”The U.S., Britain, and France are seeking a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning the attack, but the Russian Foreign Ministry denounced the measure as “unacceptable” and based on “fake information.” According to Reuters, the Kremlin intends to press its case blaming the rebels and will veto any U.N. resolution against Assad. Russia has blocked seven previous U.N. resolutions to protect Assad.Haaretz reports that Israeli security officials believe the chemical attack was “approved by the highest levels of the Syrian regime.” These sources said the assault was “intended to convey a threatening message to insurgent groups that have broken the cease-fire agreement over the past two weeks.”Notably, Haaretz’s sources were not certain Assad himself signed off on the attack, allowing for the possibility that his senior officials felt free to improvise based on “growing confidence in the regime’s stability following military successes since the regime completed its takeover of Aleppo in December.” These security officials also did not know if Assad’s patrons in Russia and Iran were aware of plans to deploy chemical weapons.Another noteworthy bit of intelligence from the Israeli sources is their belief that older chemical stockpiles, hoarded after Russia supposedly oversaw the destruction of Syria’s WMD, were used in the attack. Syria’s ability to produce new chemical weapons was supposedly destroyed, although the Israeli security officers thought it possible that Syria is attempting to restart one of its production facilities.The BBC reports that victims of the attack have begun appearing in Turkey seeking treatment, and the World Health Organization said some of them have “symptoms consistent with exposure to nerve agents.”The attack may greatly complicate Russia’s effort to preserve the Assad regime. Reuters reports that Britain and France have renewed their calls for his ouster, while America’s U.N. ambassador, Nikki Haley, called the Syrian government “illegitimate” on Wednesday.“Assad, Russia and Iran have no interest in peace. The illegitimate Syrian Government, led by a man with no conscience, has committed untold atrocities against his people,” said Haley.She also warned the U.N. response could threaten its own legitimacy: “When the United Nations consistently fails in its duty to act collectively, there are times in the life of states that we are compelled to take our own action.”Middle East, National Security, bashar assad, Britain, chemical weapons, France, Russia, Syria, U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley, United Nations, wmd








In an audio recording released by the terror group,  ISIS spokesperson Abi al-Hassan al-Muhajir describes Trump as an “idiot” bringing about the demise of America.“America you have drowned and there is no savior, and you have become prey for the soldiers of the caliphate in every part of the earth, you are bankrupt and the signs of your demise are evident to every eye,” reads a translation of the recording by Reuters.“There is no more evidence than the fact that you are being run by an idiot who does not know what Syria or Iraq or Islam is,” al-Muhajer continues.Since taking office in January, Donald Trump has prioritized the wholesale destruction of ISIS and radical Islamic terrorism, as the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq and Syria continues to chip away at the group’s control of the region. Former ISIS strongholds such as Mosul, Iraq, and Raqqa, Syria, are now close to victory, according to reports.It is the first time the group has officially commented upon the president, although he has previously been featured in ISIS-related propaganda, with footage of him describing Brussels as a “horror show” used in a video produced by pro-ISIS group al-Battar.A report from late 2015 found that, despite Donald Trump’s proposal to ban all Muslims from entering the United States, Barack Obama was used far more than Donald Trump in ISIS propaganda videos.Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton’s claim that ISIS used videos of Trump “in order to recruit more radical jihadists” was ruled by a number of fact-checkers to be demonstrably false.Just this week, Trump was featured on a “kill list” of approximately 8,700 people published by an ISIS subsidiary, with the Islamists urging “lone wolf” attackers to assassinate him if they had the chance.You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com.Middle East, Muslim Brotherhood, National Security, Donald Trump, ISIS, Islamic State








In a recent interview with Vatican journalist Giuseppe Rusconi of the Italian Catholic blog Rossoporpora, Father Arturo Sosa Abascal states that Jesus’s words about marriage must be “contextualized” and “discerned.”“Human reality is much more nuanced” and “never black and white,” said Abascal, who was elected superior of the Society of Jesus in October.LifeSiteNews has published the translation of the interview – which included the topic of remarriage following divorce. Abascal, who is from Venezuela, was asked by Rusconi about Jesus’s teaching regarding marriage as provided in the Gospel of Matthew:He said to them, “Have you not read that He Who made them in the first place made them man and woman? 5 It says, ‘For this reason a man will leave his father and his mother and will live with his wife. The two will become one.’ 6 So they are no longer two but one. Let no man divide what God has put together.”Rusconi stated to Abascal that the prefect of the congregation for the doctrine of the faith, Cardinal Gerhard Műller, observed the words of Jesus were clear, and that “no power in heaven and on earth, neither an angel nor the pope, neither a council nor a law of the bishops has the faculty to modify them.”“At that time, no one had a recorder to take down his words,” the Jesuit superior responded. “What is known is that the words of Jesus must be contextualized, they are expressed in a language, in a specific setting, they are addressed to someone in particular.”Asked whether the words of Jesus, then, have an “absolute value,” Abascal replied:Over the last century in the Church there has been a great blossoming of studies that seek to understand exactly what Jesus meant to say… That is not relativism, but attests that the word is relative, the Gospel is written by human beings, it is accepted by the Church which is made up of human persons… So it is true that no one can change the word of Jesus, but one must know what it was!Asked whether he is questioning Jesus’s words, Abascal said he agrees with Pope Francis – also a Jesuit. “One does not bring into doubt, one brings into discernment…” the superior said.Rusconi replied that, with discernment, “the final decision is based on a judgment relative to different hypotheses,” and, thus, “brings the word of Jesus into doubt.” Abascal responded that he did not mean, “the word of Jesus, but the word of Jesus as we have interpreted it… Discernment leads to a decision: one must not only evaluate, but decide.”The Jesuit superior continued that the Church has always made “personal conscience” a “priority.”“Doctrine is a word that I don’t like very much, it brings with it the image of the hardness of stone,” Abascal said. “Instead the human reality is much more nuanced, it is never black or white, it is in continual development.”Big Government, Marriage, National Security, Arturo Sosa Abascal, Catholic Church, doctrine, lifelong marriage, Pope Francis, Relativity, Traditional Marriage








“We are an approach short of a lot heavier U.S. military commitment,” Army Gen. Tony Thomas said during opening remarks at the SOCOM Patriot Awards ceremony last month.Special operations forces have taken on the brunt of the advising mission in Iraq and Syria, in the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.They were the first to deploy to Iraq and Syria, and Gen. Thomas’ remarks indicate more such forces could deploy soon. The administration is currently reviewing its plan to defeat ISIS in Iraq and Syria, as well as other terrorists globally.Officials have not ruled out sending more troops to Iraq or Syria. There are currently 5,262 U.S. forces authorized for deployment to Iraq and 503 for Syria.There are thousands more deployed on a temporary basis to Iraq, and hundreds more in Syria, that are not part of the official count, due to long-time Pentagon troop-accounting methods.Special operations forces are currently operating in Afghanistan as part of a counterterrorism mission, as well as in African nations advising local forces in the fight against al-Qaeda and the Islamic State. They also operate in Yemen, where the administration has ramped up airstrikes against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.Thomas said special operations forces are not “redlining,” but they are “pushing a hard tempo.”“We may be making it look easy, it’s anything but easy … We’re not redlining but we’re pushing a hard, hard tempo. There hasn’t been a peace dividend for Special Operations lately and there’s not going to be, more than likely, for the next few years,” he said.“We’re a valuable commodity that ironically, that keeps this nation from going to war more wholesomely, you know – more completely – with more folks on the ground. I’d like to think we keep the nation from sustaining more casualties by the very nature of our activities,” he added.The use of special operations forces and drone strikes to keep terrorists at bay began under President Obama, who sought to draw down conventional forces from Iraq and Afghanistan.He was forced to reverse that trend after ISIS entered Iraq, and the Taliban made a comeback in Afghanistan.Thomas said he was talking to leaders at the Pentagon and in Congress about how to best use special operations forces.“Their biggest concern – Secretary Mattis [said] to me the other day, ‘How are we going to slow the tempo down for you? … [Senator Sen. John McCain was] adamant that we are burning SOF too hard: ‘You’re going too fast. How do we throttle this thing down?'” he said.“It is absolutely a concern of our leadership. We want to be able to control the tempo, the pace, and the prioritization for our special operations forces — that they are being used appropriately, effectively across-the-board. We are not looking to sit back and not be used, but we want to hit that right balance.”Big Government, National Security, Gen. Tony Thomas, socom, SOF, Special Operations Command, special operations forces, U.S. Joint Special Operations Command, U.S. Special Operations Forces








The SPLC’s election-season anti-Trump headlines, contributors’ statements and “educational” initiatives collectively violated tax laws governing non-profits, says the Immigration Law Reform Institute, which is the legal affiliate of the Federation for American Immigration Reform.“To vindicate itself as a fair and balanced agency, the IRS must strip the SPLC of its privileged tax-exempt status,” Dale Wilcox, the IRLI’s general counsel, told Breitbart News. “Their attacks on the President during his campaign were some of the most egregious I’ve ever seen,” he said, adding that “hoarding over $300 million in donor contributions, the group can afford to pay taxes anyway.”According to tax law, donors can get tax breaks when they contribute to groups that register as 501(c)(3) non-profits. But the law also says that 501(c)(3) must not “participate in, or intervene in (including the publishing or distributing of statements), any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for public office.”According to the IRLI complaint, the SPLC posted headlines during the campaign which mentioned the name of Republican candidates, including Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), and painted them in an extraordinarily negative light. Examples include “Trump’s Continuing White Nationalist Problem” and “Trump Stump.”An editorial by SPLC Senior Fellow Mark Potok during the campaign included the following statement about Trump: “the demagogic New York billionaire has poured vitriol on anyone who dared to criticize him, [and] proposed a crude immigration plan that virtually all sensible observers see as brutal and completely unrealistic.”The SPLC’s “Teaching Tolerance” project is alleged to have distributed a report called “The Trump Effect,” consisting of school teachers’ narrative explanations of the anxiety Trump was causing their students. The SPLC also issued a 13-page report titled “Hate in the Race” focusing extensively on then-candidate Trump and his alleged ties to “hate groups.”One mission of the progressive SPLC is labeling mainstream conservative groups as “hate groups.” The targeted groups include FAIR and IRLI. The SPLC is “running out of ‘hate groups’ to name and defame [so] they’ve now had to pick up the immigration issue and this is why they’re attacking President Trump and his 63 million voters,” said Wilcox.The practice has come under increasing criticism in recent years, and even the SPLC admitted it went too far in placing Dr. Ben Carson in its hate lists.In 2014, the FBI stopped using and re-posting SPLC sources in its website on combating hate crimes. A recent article by conservative charity watchdog Philanthropy Roundtable called the SPLC’s lists “arbitrary” and a “political tool,” citing the listing of social scientist Charles Murray as a “white nationalist” and ex-Muslim activist Ayaan Hirsi Ali as an “extremist.”Establishment media, however, continue to cite the SPLC’s “hate” designations.Despite its focus on identifying “hate groups,” the SPLC is entangled with extremism. In 2012, domestic terrorist Floyd Lee Corkins used the SPLC’s supposed “Hate Map” to find the offices of the Family Research Council, which is a Christian non-profit labeled a “hate group” by the SPLC because it opposed the legalization of homosexual marriage. The man walked into the FRC’s offices with over 100 rounds of ammunition and opened fire. Miraculously, only one man, building manager Leo Johnson, was shot before Johnson personally subdued and disarmed Corkins.Corkins later confessed to prosecutors that he had intended to smear Chic-Fil-A sandwiches on his victims’ corpses in a show of solidarity with pro-gay activists.The Corkins saga unfolded as the SPLC increasingly filled the rolls of its list with Christian groups whose traditional beliefs the SPLC finds “hateful.”During the Obama Administration, these classifications by the SPLC were cited by the Department of Defense to monitor servicemen and women who were on these organizations’ mailing lists for links to “domestic hate groups.” The SPLC’s say-so was also used to train soldiers to use ties to evangelical Christianity and support for the Tea Party as criteria in identifying domestic terrorists.The SPLC did not respond to Breitbart News’s requests for comment. Immigration, Social Justice, Federation for American Immigration Reform, Immigration Reform Law Institute, SPLC








According to Fox Business, the Marlins are expected to sell for anywhere from $800 million to $1.6 billion dollars.Bush has joined with Citigroup to help advance his bid, while Jeter has backing from former Morgan Stanley Brokerage Chief Gregory Fleming.According to USA Today, current Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria has already tried to sell the team, and at one point had a “handshake agreement” in place with Charles Kushner, father of White House Senior Advisor Jared Kushner. However, that deal fell through after the Kushner family learned that Loria was under consideration by the Trump Administration for an ambassadorship.According to Baseball Reference, “(Jeter) made over $265 million in his career from salary alone.” That kind of cash, along with financing from others, could put Jeter ahead of the pack. During a process that, according to one baseball executive, will be won by “whoever has the most cash.”Jeb Bush would not be the first Bush to become an owner of a major league franchise. George W. Bush owned the Texas Rangers prior to his election to the White House in 2000.Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinnBreitbart Sports, Derek Jeter, Jeb Bush, Miami Marlins








WASHINGTON (AP) — Democrats had hoped the one big policy area they could find common ground with President Donald Trump on was infrastructure, but they don’t like what they’re hearing from administration officials about the transportation portion of the plan that’s still in the works.Trump has promised to generate $1 trillion in infrastructure spending over 10 years. With two of his other top campaign pledges in trouble — an effort to repeal and replace the Obama administration health care law has failed so far, and without savings to the government from health care changes there may not be enough money to pay for lowering tax rates — infrastructure appeared to be an area ripe for bipartisan compromise.But some Democrats say they worry that Trump’s plan will focus on trying to entice more private investment in transportation projects and reduce regulations that require environmental reviews and community consultation on projects rather than providing more government money to repair, replace and expand the nation’s transportation network.Reps. Peter DeFazio of Oregon and Eleanor Holmes Norton of the District of Columbia, two top Democrats on the House transportation committee, sent a letter Wednesday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao objecting to comments she made last week about the failure to fix the nation’s crumbling transportation system.“The problem is not money. It’s the delays caused by government permitting processes that hold up projects for years, even decades, making them risky investments,” Chao said. She reiterated the statement Wednesday in a speech to the American Association of Port Authorities.Congress has already directed the Transportation Department in bills passed in 2012 and 2015 to take dozens of steps to “streamline” regulations holding up projects. A recent report by the department’s inspector general found that work on a majority of the 42 actions required under the 2012 law had been completed, but implementation has been delayed so that the actions can be revised to take into account conflicting or additional requirements of the 2015 law.“Piling additional streamlining measures on top of each other before they can be implemented — and before we can assess their effectiveness — is not going to solve our infrastructure problems,” the lawmakers wrote Chao. “We cannot streamline our way out of a funding shortfall.”A recent report by the Treasury Department identified 40 significant transportation and water projects whose completion has been slowed or is in jeopardy. The report found that “a lack of public funding is by far the most common factor hindering completion of transportation and water infrastructure projects.”Chao, on the other hand, cited a 2015 report by the nonpartisan group Common Good that estimates that delaying road and bridge projects by six years to deal with regulations results in an estimated $427 billion in additional project costs, traffic congestion delays and impact from global warming emissions. The report advocates reducing the permitting process, which can sometimes take up to 10 years, down to two years.DeFazio also complained at a transportation committee hearing that only a very limited number of transportation projects that have natural revenue streams like tolls are attractive to investors. Most of those projects cost at least $1 billion, and investors generally put up only about 10 to 20 percent of the money, he said. The rest comes from state and local bonds that have to be repaid, or federal aid.Trump’s plan will include ways to boost the role of private investors, Chao said, adding that “investors say there is ample capital available” waiting for projects.___Follow Joan Lowy at http://twitter.com/AP_Joan_Lowy. Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/joan-lowy








Over the weekend, Venezuelan priests distributed a document to peregrines at Sunday Mass calling for civil disobedience against dictator Nicolás Maduro and his officials. The document declared, “it is time to ask oneself, respectfully and seriously, if civil disobedience, peaceful marches, the just demands to national and international public powers, and civic protests are valid and opportune.”The recent Supreme Court decision stripping the National Assembly, the country’s legislative body, of lawmaking power was “morally unacceptable and reproachable,” the document concluded, warning that these moves may escalate violence in the volatile South American country.Clarín notes that the document in question carried the seal of the Venezuelan Episcopal Conference, the national Vatican body, and was signed by the Archbishops of Caracas and Mérida, Jorge Urosa Savino and Baltazar E. Porras, respectively.The clergymen were protesting the Supreme Court’s ruling decreeing that the opposition-held legislature was in “contempt” and thus held no legislative authority. The ruling went on to crown the Supreme Court the lawmaking body of Venezuela and begin proceedings to strip lawmakers of legislative immunity. The “contempt” charge comes from 2015 claims by Maduro and the ruling United Socialist Party of Venezuela (PSUV) that three opposition legislators had won their seats via fraud.The Supreme Court issued “clarifications” of this ruling on Saturday, asserting that the National Assembly remained the legislative body of the country and upholding legislative immunity. As the Supreme Court had decreed the Assembly void as early as January 2016, however, this clarification did not acknowledge the legitimacy of this particular National Assembly, ruled by an opposition coalition known as the Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD).The Monday after the clarification, Archbishops Savino and Porras issued statements independently to protest the blocking of legislators to prevent them from entering the National Assembly building, asserting that the breach was made and protest was necessary.“The block on the National Assembly persists. I am still concerned that the country is in an exceptional state regarding the economy, for the past year,” Savino said. “This is not normal.” He reiterated that Venezuela was a “dictatorship.”Porras dismissed the clarifications, calling them “cosmetic touches that do not resolve the situation at all because the measures that limit the National Assembly as an autonomous power persist and confuse the population.”On Wednesday, the Vatican’s L’Osservatore Romano ran a cover story titled “Venezuela in the Abyss,” detailing the violence against peaceful opposition in Venezuela and the prevention of legislators from entering their offices in the National Assembly.The clarifications to the Supreme Court ruling did not prevent Maduro from ordering the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB) and, say some protesters, violent socialist gangs from attacking protesters and legislators. On Tuesday, the GNB used tear gas and rubber bullets to attack duly elected members of the National Assembly who attempted to enter the building.Chavista thugs also assaulted legislators; in one instance on Monday, a thug bludgeoned a legislator with a large stick, breaking open his eyebrow and sending him to the emergency room needing 56 stitches.On Wednesday, MUD legislators finally succeeded in entering the National Assembly and getting to work, beginning impeachment proceedings against every Supreme Court justice for issuing the unconstitutional ruling. While the 1999 Venezuelan constitution grants the National Assembly the power to impeach and remove Supreme Court justices, there is no guarantee Maduro’s government will abide by a formal ouster of these justices.Venezuela’s Catholic clergy have long expressed support for the anti-Chávez and anti-Maduro opposition. The Vatican, however, has taken a more measured approach, with Pope Francis welcoming Maduro to the Vatican in October and ordering Vatican mediation of the dispute.Those peace talks collapsed as the opposition noted that Maduro appeared to be using the talks to limit opposition activity while continuing to use violence against them.Faith, National Security, Catholic Church, Latin America, Nicolas Maduro, socialism, Venezuela








SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A California woman accused of killing the father of her two children is expected to be released from jail Thursday after posting an unprecedented $35 million bail raised by wealthy friends, family and business associates with ties to China.Tiffany Li, 31, is backed by a consortium of people tied to her mother who have raised $4 million cash and pledged $61 million in San Francisco Bay Area property. California courts require twice the bail amount if property is used instead of cash.Li’s attorney Geoff Carr says Li and her mother were born in China, where the mother was financially successful in the construction industry. Carr says Li and her mother are naturalized U.S. citizens.Carr said all defendants except those accused of death penalty-eligible crimes are entitled to “reasonable bail.”The $35 million bail is the highest ever in San Mateo County’s history, a county official said.San Mateo District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe said he’s concerned Li is a flight risk and is disappointed the judge didn’t set the bail even higher. His office asked for a $100 million bail.“If convicted she faces the rest of her life in prison,” Wagstaffe said. “That’s plenty enough incentive to flee back to her native China.”Carr said he expects Tiffany Li to be freed Thursday pending her murder trial in September. Li will be required to turn over her passports, wear an electronic monitor and remain under house arrest.Li has pleaded not guilty to charges she directed her boyfriend and another man to kill Keith Green, 27, and dispose of his body last year. Prosecutors say she feared losing custody of her young children to Green.Green’s body was found May 11 in Sonoma County, about 80 miles (128 kilometers) north of where he was supposed to meet Li.Li was arrested several days later in the multimillion-dollar home she shared with her children in Hillsborough, a suburb of mansions and large houses 20 miles (32 kilometers) south of San Francisco. The two men were also arrested in May and remained jailed without bail. Carr says their lawyers didn’t ask for bail because they don’t have the resources to post a multi-million dollar bail bond like Li did.Carr says the people who posted Li’s bail believe she is innocent and will not flee. If she does go on the lam, the court can confiscate the property and cash.








Breitbart News noted earlier this week that the virus had appeared in over 100 California cities.Most Americans had assumed the only Zika virus hot zone in the U.S. was an area around Miami, Florida. But the combination of high immigration and warmer weather has resulted in the two species of invasive (non-native) mosquito species that can transmit Zika, dengue, chikungunya and yellow fever now being confirmed in 10 California counties.Every state in the U.S. now has Zika cases. Florida is still the leader with 1,114 cases; followed by New York with 1,016 cases; and California a fast-rising third with 529 cases. Wyoming and South Dakota are tied for least number of Zika cases, at just 2 each.The CDC disclosed for the first time that there is a new elevated risk factor for pandemic Zika virus transmission is due to 363 individuals confirmed to be infected with Zika virus, are known to have donated to U.S. public blood banks.As of March 29, there were 5,182 laboratory confirmed Zika virus cases in the 50 states and District of Columbia. Most of the cases involved patients who had traveled abroad. A smaller percentage contracted the disease through mosquito bites and sexual transmission.As of March 29, there were 38,303 laboratory confirmed Zika virus cases in U.S. Territories. The dominant method of transmission was through mosquitos.The first human experimental Zika vaccine testing began in Houston in late March, and will soon begin in Miami and San Juan, Puerto Rico.Big Government, Breitbart California, 50 U.S. states, Bad Blood, blood bank, Blood Donation, District of Columbia, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, pandemic, U.S. Centers for Disease Control, U.S. territories, Vaccine, virus transmission, Zika, Zika vaccine, Zika virus








Obviously testing the waters, the NFL committed to only a one-year deal worth about $50 million, according to The Wall Street Journal.It appears that Thursday Night Football will be available to all Amazon Prime members without additional costs to the estimated 63 million subscribers who pay $99 per year for the streaming service.“We’re focused on bringing our customers what they want to watch, Prime members want the NFL,” said Jeff Blackburn, senior vice president of business development at Amazon.The Thursday night games join Amazon’s other NFL offering, the documentary series, “All or Nothing,” which chronicles an NFL team from the draft through the end of the season. Season one of the series followed the Arizona Cardinals in 2015 and last season followed the L.A. Rams.As part of its new focus on Internet-based services, last year the NFL awarded access to Twitter for a reported $10 million payout.It still isn’t clear if the move to Twitter has helped the NFL grow its fan base, or even help Twitter grow its own service. Indeed, the numbers show that the NFL didn’t move the dial too much with just an average of 265,000 viewers per minute, according to AdWeek. The statistics on Twitter compare badly to the 15.4 million football viewers on CBS.Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.Breitbart Sports, amazon.com, NFL








The American star, who has not withdrawn from the year’s first major championship starting Thursday, was the oddsmakers’ favorite after winning his past three starts.“Dustin Johnson’s availability for The Masters is in jeopardy after the World’s No. 1 golfer injured his lower back following a fall on a staircase,” his agent David Winkle said.“At roughly 3:00 p.m. today, Dustin took a serious fall on a staircase in his Augusta rental home,” he added.Winkle said the US Open champion “landed very hard on his lower back” and was taking  anti-inflammatory medication an using ice treatment in the hope of being able to play in the tournament.Johnson is scheduled to tee off for his first round at 2:03 p.m. Thursday, the last tee time of the day.Johnson is no stranger to freak accidents as he withdrew from The Masters in 2012 after his agent said he injured his back lifting a jet-ski.Breitbart Sports, Dustin Johnson, The Masters








Now McIlroy is saying that the juice may not have been worth the squeeze. “Would I do it again?” he said on Tuesday. “After the sort of backlash I received, I’d think twice about it.”Fans tweeted the 27-year-old Irish golfer, ranked #2 in the world, and accused him of “normalizing this lying, racist scumbag.” Lefties from across the globe expressed that they lost all respect for McIlroy. USA Today writer Christine Brennan can’t understand why Rory, who says “he won’t be having many cups of tea” with the members of the Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers because they took so long to admit women members to Muirfield golf club, agreed to play with someone as horrible as Trump in the first place.Trump-basher Brennan wrote, “But wasn’t it natural to wonder why he said he wouldn’t be having tea with the sexist members of that stodgy club, yet still felt comfortable playing a round of golf with a man who bragged about sexually assaulting women, mocked a disabled person and carried on a week-long battle with a Gold Star family, among other things?” McIlroy said about his golf outing with Trump, “there was not one bit of politics discussed in that round of golf. He was more interested talking about the grass that he just put on the greens.“But, yeah, look, it’s a difficult one. I felt I would have been making more of a statement if I had turned it down. It’s not a tough place to be put in, but it was a round of golf and nothing more.”McIlroy has already expressed on his twitter feed that, ”This wasn’t an endorsement nor a political statement of any kind, It was, quite simply, a round of golf.”Breitbart Sports, Donald Trump, Rory McIlroy








Yeah, me neither.Word came down on Tuesday that ESPN removed Sage Steele from the NBA Countdown show, making Michelle Beadle the full-time host. Beadle and Steele had split co-hosting duties until recently.The move is kind of a shocker, with less than two weeks away from the start of the NBA playoffs, when you would think most networks would be consumed with postseason broadcast preparations, and not making lineup changes to their broadcast teams.However, the move seems much less of a shocker when you consider who Sage Steele is, and who she works for.Steele committed the cardinal sin of daring to challenge the liberal orthodoxy that racism can only come from whites. While speaking at a conference on race in February, Steele said, “The worst racism that I have received [as a biracial woman married to white man], and I mean thousands and thousands over the years, is from black people, who in my mind thought would be the most accepting because there has been that experience. But even as recent as the last couple of weeks, the words that I have had thrown at me I can’t repeat here and it’s 99 percent from people with my skin color. But if a white person said those words to me, what would happen?”And, why had Steele become subject to such insults? Steele spoke out against leftists who delayed flights while protesting President Trump’s executive orders on immigration. She also criticized Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans for kneeling in protest during the national anthem.For those stances, Steele was excoriated on social media.Of course, no one at ESPN would actually say that Steele was taken off her show due to her political beliefs, nor could such a thing be definitively proved from the outside looking in.However, while no one can prove Steele’s political views are the reason for her removal from NBA Countdown, it’s perfectly reasonable to claim that the reaction to her firing has everything to do with her political views.After all, here we have a black woman replaced by a white woman, on a show that covers a league which is overwhelmingly black. And yet, where has the sports media outrage gone? Who is accusing ESPN of racism, for pulling one of the relatively very few black voices in sports broadcasting in exchange for just another white person? Who’s talking about Steele’s ability to understand the culture of the sport which she covers much better than Beadle, because she’s black and can identify with their story?If Steele had established herself as a hardcore lefty, like Jemele Hill and others have, would she be getting that kind of outpouring of sympathy? It’s very reasonable to believe she would.Still, Steele’s time at ESPN isn’t over. She signed a long-term deal with the company and will likely be put on several new assignments, in addition to her on-site SportsCenter duties. Nonetheless, like Curt Schilling and Rush Limbaugh before her, Steele has once again shown that if anyone attacks political correctness, or liberal politics, while at ESPN they will pay a very, very steep price.Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinnBreitbart Sports, ESPN, Michelle Beadle, NBA, Sage Steele, SportsCenter








On Sunday, the Giants ace became the only pitcher in major league history to homer twice on opening day. Understandably, an achievement that the Hall of Fame would want to commemorate in Cooperstown. So, the HOF decided to ask Bumgarner for the bat he used that day.However, according to The Mercury News, that’s not going to happen, “Bumgarner said he isn’t much for memorabilia, but he’s keeping the piece of lumber he used to hit home runs off the Diamondbacks’ Zack Greinke and Andrew Chafin in Sunday’s opener at Chase Field. He’s not going to put it back in the rack. He’s said he’s taking it out of commission, fearing it might disappear if he doesn’t put it in a guarded place.”Though, Bumgarner did give the HOF his batting helmet.First of all, why would anyone want Bumgarner’s batting helmet? Because of all the balls that the batting helmet hit out of the park? If you’re getting a historic piece of equipment from an event that involved home runs, you either get the bat, or the ball.Nothing else matters.Secondly, why in the world is Bumgarner taking his bat “out of commission?” If you just made history with it, why wouldn’t you keep using it?Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinnBreitbart Sports, madison bumgarner, MLB, MLB hall of fame








If anything, the outrage from the left shows that modern-day leftist activists don’t know the history of their own movement. Photos of peace activists handing flowers to riot police were among the most iconic images of the 1960s, and became a common theme in subsequent left-wing demonstrations.Some are claiming that the ad was inspired by this photo from a Black Lives Matter protest. But images of protesters handing gifts to police officers have appeared so often in history that it could have been inspired by any one of them.Black Lives Matter activist and noted Jack Dorsey pal DeRay Mckesson was also offended by Pepsi’s ad, taking to his favorite social network to denounce it as “trash.”If I had carried Pepsi I guess I never would've gotten arrested. Who knew?— deray mckesson (@deray) April 5, 2017Mckesson was smart enough not to accuse Pepsi of trying to leverage social movements for private gain. Mckesson, we must remember, has used his Twitter account to hawk everything from Verizon data plans to LGBT-themed Doritos.I just changed my @Verizon plan to the newly released Unlimited Plan. It's a game-changer. #VZunlimited— deray mckesson (@deray) February 13, 2017Rainbow Doritos are a tasty way to support LGBT causes http://t.co/Peei1WbSpU— deray mckesson (@deray) September 17, 2015Deray has denied that these tweets are sponsored, at least in the case of Verizon. I guess that settles the matter then. Nothing to see here, folks!McDonald's all-day breakfast is coming, beginning Oct. 6th http://t.co/MrWtpuqhon— deray mckesson (@deray) September 1, 2015The new Dove men's deodorant is the best I've ever used. Hands down.— deray mckesson (@deray) May 4, 2012ACtivism pic.twitter.com/FT6ymjCOnV— Alex Nichols (@Lowenaffchen) September 28, 2015Of course, it’s possible that Mckesson is telling the truth. Perhaps he really is just the most easily-impressed person on Twitter. At this point, though, I’m only surprised he hasn’t sold advertising on his vest like a NASCAR driverPutting aside Mckesson’s unbridled love for mass market brands however, the wider left-wing outrage over Pepsi’s ad just doesn’t make sense.Over the past two decades, politics on the left has become a form of LARPing. (LARPing, or Live-Action Roleplaying, is where people play dress-up as superheroes, like Green Arrow, Batman, or Gandhi).As early as the 1970s, left-wing activists were serious about achieving their political objectives. They were willing to kill, die, and go to jail in pursuit of their political ideals. They were brutal, immoral and deeply misguided, but they were also serious.Modern left-wing activism is nothing like that. It’s still violent, yes, but the masked “anti-fascists” burning down campuses and beating up Trump supporters show no willingness to accept that they may face consequences for their actions. Nor do they show any signs of the Weather Underground or the Baader Meinhof faction’s plans for the radical overthrow of western society.Involvement in left-wing activism, today, is not about remaking society or achieving political utopia. Today, it’s about virtue-signalling: demonstrating to your peers and to society at large that you’re not a racist, not a sexist, not a homophobe, and so on. It’s about showing how bold and edgy you are. The masked protesters who threw firebombs at Berkeley were probably thinking less of how their actions would lead to a better world, and more about the cheers of approval they’d get from their buddies. In short, it’s about being cool.Celebrities – like Kendall Jenner – have encouraged this perhaps more than any other group. Virtue-signalling from Hollywood stars and pop singers has become so routine that when Lady Gaga didn’t attack Donald Trump during her Super Bowl performance, the left reacted with shock. A singer who simply sings, without making political statements, has become difficult to comprehend.Brands too, are relentlessly pressured by the left to endorse their cultural values. CEOs with conservative political values, like Brendan Eich, do not last. In Chick-fil-A’s case, the CEO’s opposition to same-sex marriage was enough to spark a nationwide boycott. The presence of a single open Trump supporter, Peter Thiel, on Facebook’s board of directors, has led the left to agitate for his removal.Because of these twin pressures: to be seen as cool, and to avoid controversy, it has become impossible for brands not to be progressive. The virtue-signalling left has made its values a path to social status, and instinctively kicks up a controversy when they are not respected. Faced with this, brands don’t have a choice.Pepsi was trying to suck up to leftists with its ad, not upset them. That much is clear from their grovelling apology and pledge to remove the ad following the outrage:Pepsi's statement. pic.twitter.com/ge8uMcamGa— Jennifer Maloney (@maloneyfiles) April 5, 2017The left has made it impossible for brands to demonstrate any values other than progressive ones. In the case of celebrities, not demonstrating progressive values is seen as unusual. It is utterly surprising that Pepsi, and Kendall Jenner would kowtow to those values.Which, again, leads me back to the point I made at the start of this piece: It’s not a problem for the left that Kendall Jenner dressed as a protester to hawk Pepsi. It’s that she was nice to a police officer while doing so.You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart.com. Big Hollywood, Social Justice, Tech, Deray McKesson, Kendall Jenner, Pepsi, virtue signalling








“Pepsi was trying to project a global message of unity, peace and understanding,” the soda giant said in a statement Wednesday. “Clearly we missed the mark, and we apologize. We did not intend to make light of any serious issue. We are removing the content and halting any further rollout. We also apologize for putting Kendall Jenner in this position.”The ad, titled, “Live for Now Moments Anthem,” depicted Jenner ditching a modeling shoot to join demonstrators at a nondescript protest in the streets of New York City. The 21-year-old model appears to calm the raucous demonstration by sharing a can of Pepsi with a police officer.Critics of the ad flooded social media, many of them arguing that the ad co-opted the anti-Donald Trump “resistance” movement to make a profit.In particular, some critics noted that the scene of Jenner handing the soda can to the police officer was reminiscent of a photograph taken last year of Black Lives Matter protester Ieshia Evans confronting a police officer in Baton Rouge.Pepsi initially appeared to defend the advertisement in a statement issued to Breitbart News on Tuesday.“This is a global ad that reflects people from different walks of life coming together in a spirit of harmony, and we think that’s an important message to convey,” the soda company had said.Fallout from the commercial, however, had spread quickly on social media, and included criticism from Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s youngest child Bernice King, television personality Piers Morgan, and Black Lives Matter activist DeRey McKesson.If only Daddy would have known about the power of #Pepsi. pic.twitter.com/FA6JPrY72V— Be A King (@BerniceKing) April 5, 2017The new @pepsi ad with @KendallJenner is stupefyingly diabolical. Absurd, PC-crazed, virtue-signalling, snowflake claptrap. pic.twitter.com/SA9RRanGNo— Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) April 4, 2017If I had carried Pepsi I guess I never would've gotten arrested. Who knew?— deray mckesson (@deray) April 5, 2017It's incredible that @pepsi apologized to Kendall. She chose to be a part of that ad. Pepsi needs to apologize to the protestors.— deray mckesson (@deray) April 5, 2017"Now just wait one second officers.I have a Pepsi." pic.twitter.com/NW0sddKOOI— Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) April 5, 2017pic.twitter.com/YnJwNLIoeJ— David Burge (@iowahawkblog) April 5, 2017J. Edgar Hoover takes aim from the grassy knoll. The motorcade approaches. He fires. JFK raises a #Pepsi to his lips, blocks the bullet.— Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) April 5, 2017The very real struggle of the marganilized to survive under Trump is not an opportunity for @KendallJenner and @Pepsi to market themselves.— Brianna Wu (@Spacekatgal) April 5, 2017The Kendall Jenner Pepsi fiasco is a perfect example of what happens when there's no black people in the room when decisions are being made.— Travon Free (@Travon) April 4, 2017A white girl calming the tensions at a protest/rally by giving the officers some soda?…..Yea..Pepsi didn't think that one through.— #TrustTheProcess (@KENNotBeStopped) April 5, 2017@pepsi does this look familiar? ‍♂️ Good job guys 👍. You guys are killing it 🙄😒. #wokejusttomakeabuck pic.twitter.com/lu2jnLAAJ8— AR$ (@Oramihigh) April 5, 2017 Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudsonBig Hollywood, Black Lives Matter, Kendall Jenner, Pepsi, protests








The episode, titled “What Will We Do This Time About Adam?” shows Hannah, well along in her pregnancy, reevaluating her decision to be a single mother.“Oh, God. Hannah, this is gonna be a real mindf**k for me if you wanna get an abortion right now,” Elijah tells her. “I mean … I’ll do it. I think there’s about two doctors in America that do it at this stage in your pregnancy, but I’ll find them.”Writing at Newsbusters, Dawn Slusher observes some of the “fake” information about late-term abortion that Girls serves up in this episode – first and foremost being Elijah’s reference to the difficulty in finding an abortionist to perform one:“There are not just ‘two doctors in America’ who will ‘do it at this stage.’ There are actually 162 abortion clinics that perform abortions after 20 weeks.Secondly, most don’t realize just how easy getting a late-term abortion is legally, given the loose definition of “health” that was buried in Roe v. Wade’s companion case, Doe v. Bolton: ‘… all factors – physical, emotional, psychological, familial, and the woman’s age – relevant to the wellbeing of the patient. All these factors may relate to health.’All Hannah needs to say is that she has a headache, is too young, too tired, or is having anxiety about having a baby and she can legally get an abortion at any point in her pregnancy.”At the federal level, abortion is still legal in the United States up until the time of birth, although more states are  enacting laws that restrict the procedure.The abortion industry has fought against any attempts by states to restrict abortion or to mandate health and safety standards in abortion clinics. Its allies in the liberal media portray abortion as a safe procedure that is welcomed by women.In its recent report titled “Unsafe: The Public Health Crisis in America’s Abortion Clinics Endangers Women,” Americans United for Life (AUL) demonstrates in its analysis the many state officials who look the other way when it comes to inspections of abortion clinics.The organization asserts:“Importantly, even limiting the scope of our investigation to the last eight years, efforts to discern the true state of abortion practices was stymied by a dearth of protective laws in a number of states, a lack of reporting in others, and limited public availability of information on abortion providers in still more states.”“We can easily deduce, therefore, that the epidemic of substandard abortion practice is worse than even these pages show,” AUL states.Abortion, Big Government, Big Hollywood, abortion safety, Girls, late-term abortion, Lena Dunham








According to the Daily Mail, the 30-year-old Mean Girls star donned the hybrid burka-bikini swimsuit for a paddleboarding session in Phuket, where she spent two weeks on vacation.The actress previously spent time visiting family in Dubai, according to snapshots posted to her Instagram account.Lindsay Lohan wearing a burka-swimsuit in Thailand, part of her upcoming modest fashion line pic.twitter.com/WsVsCerhkv— bella vita (@drugproblem) April 5, 2017Oh Good Lord! Lindsay Lohan has lost her mind— Well, more of it anyway!😂 There wasn't much left. Here she is👇sporting a Burkini in Thailand. pic.twitter.com/vfyr4Qf2ey— Boston🇺🇸Bobblehead (@DBloom451) April 5, 2017In a February interview with the Daily Mail, Lohan said she had been studying the Koran for “some time,” but that she had not yet fully converted to Islam.“It’s a process to convert to anything,” she told the outlet. “I respect all religions… it’s a beautiful religion and I am a very spiritual person… it’s something I’ve been studying. You can’t just convert overnight to a religion.”That month, Lohan told the New York Post that she was racially profiled for the first time in her life at London’s Heathrow Airport, where she was traveling while wearing an Islamic headscarf. The actress said she wears the headscarf out of “respect” for certain countries to which she travels.In recent months, Lohan has been busy with her advocacy work on behalf of Syrian refugees.The actress met with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan inside the country’s presidential palace in January, and has previously visited with refugees in hospitals and homes in Istanbul.The “burkini”-style swimsuit has previously been at the center of some controversy; last year, authorities in the French town of Nice banned the garment, reportedly claiming it posed a risk to public order. A court in Nice later overturned the ban. Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaumBig Hollywood, burkini, Koran, Lindsay Lohan, Phuket, Thailand








This week in an interview on New York City’s  Fox 5’s “Good Day New York,” actor Robert De Niro said President Donald Trump was a “mutt” who has “debased the presidency.”De Niro said, “This is guy has sullied the presidency, he’s debased the presidency. It’s just beyond surreal what this guy has done.”He added, “He’s a mutt.”Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBig Hollywood, Breitbart TV, Donald Trump, Robert De Niro








The Hollywood Reporter reports that McKay — the Oscar-winning screenwriter and director behind 2015’s The Big Short — is currently prepping an as-yet-untitled Cheney biopic at Paramount.Bale — who earned a Best Supporting Actor nod for his Big Short role — is reportedly in talks to star as Cheney, who first came to political power during the Nixon administration, served in the House as a representative from Wyoming for a decade, and later became Secretary of Defense in the George H.W. Bush administration before becoming CEO of Haliburton, and, eventually, vice president under George W. Bush.Meanwhile, Steve Carrell is reportedly attached to play Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, and Amy Adams would play Cheney’s wife, Lynne.According to Variety, McKay has said he’s spent “countless hours” researching Cheney’s life and has pushed hard for Bale to take on the role.The project was first announced in November. McKay will produce the film through his Gary Sanchez Productions banner with partners Will Ferrell and Kevin Messick, as well as Plan B’s Brad Pitt, Dede Gardner and Jeremy Kleiner. The producers are reportedly looking for a spring start date to ensure the film is ready for an awards-season run.Bale and Carrell previously worked together on The Big Short, while Bale and Adams co-starred in 2013’s American Hustle.The Cheney biopic isn’t McKay’s first project to revolve around the politics of the George W. Bush era; he previously worked with Ferrell on the one-man Broadway show You’re Welcome America: A Final Night with George W. Bush, which was later turned into an HBO film. Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaumBig Hollywood, Adam McKay, Amy Adams, Christian Bale, Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Paramount, Steve Carrell, The Big Short








by Breitbart News5 Apr 20170McChrystal writes in the Times:I like to say that leadership is a choice. As our leaders in Washington confront tough decisions about our budget priorities, I urge them to continue federal funding for public broadcasting. Public broadcasting makes our nation smarter, stronger and, yes, safer. It’s a small public investment that pays huge dividends for Americans. And it shouldn’t be pitted against spending more on improving our military. That’s a false choice.This might seem like an unlikely position for me, a 34-year combat veteran. But it’s a view that has been shaped by my career leading brave men and women who thrive and win when they are both strong and smart. My experience has taught me that education, trusted institutions and civil discourse are the lifeblood of a great nation.Public broadcasting plays a special role with young children. According to the Pew Research Center, rising numbers of American children live with one parent or with two parents who both work.My son and daughter-in-law are a two-income family with two children, and day care is a part of their lives. Many other parents must get by without day care services. These parents are busy in the morning and busy at night. They want to protect their children from over-commercialized content. And they strive to prepare their children for school and lifelong learning. Having thoughtful television, games and other media that is not commercially driven is essential to good parenting.…Read McChrystal’s full column at the New York Times.Big Hollywood, New York Times, PBS, sesame street, Stanley McChrystal








“Susan Rice operationalized the NSC during the last administration. I was put on to ensure that it was de-operationalized,” Bannon said in a statement to the Wall Street Journal.The council suffered a tumultuous transition after Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn resigned less than a month after he took office and was replaced by Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster.“General McMaster has returned the NSC to its proper function,” Bannon said in his statement. Other sources told reporters that Bannon was part of the council to monitor Flynn’s activity in the early days of the Trump administration.Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice and Obama allies were furious that Bannon was allowed on the council, even though he rarely attended meetings. Rice was exposed earlier this week by reports revealing that she requested the unmasking of key members of Trump’s transition team.A White House source confirmed to Breitbart News that Bannon will retain his security clearance in the West Wing. Other reporters noted that Bannon could still attend NSC meetings even though he was removed from the National Security council principles committee. Trump’s Secretary of Energy Rick Perry was added to the council. Nikki Haley, the Representative of the United States to the United Nations was also included as well as Director of National intelligence Dan Coats, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford, and CIA director Mike Pompeo. Big Government, national security council, Steve Bannon, steven k bannon, Susan Rice








In the interview with Martha MacCallum that aired Wednesday on “The First 100 Days,” Pence is asked whether the change is a demotion for Bannon. Pence quickly refutes the idea, affirmed that Bannon and Bossert are “highly valued members” of the Trump Administration.In the interview snippet that was posted ahead of the airing, Pence says:Not for Steve, not for Tom. These are very highly valued members of this administration. They’re going to continue to play important policy roles. But I think with H.R. Mcmaster’s addition as our National Security Adviser, a man of extraordinary background, military, this is just a natural evolution to ensure the National Security Council is organized in a way that best serves the President in resolving and making those difficult decisions.TONIGHT – @marthamaccallum interviews @VP Pence on #First100 – Tune in at 7p ET on Fox News Channel! pic.twitter.com/opQMZ17RBt— Fox News (@FoxNews) April 5, 2017News hit Wednesday that Bannon would be leaving the position he had taken on the National Security Council. In a statement to the Wall Street Journal Bannon said, “Susan Rice operationalized the NSC during the last administration. I was put on to ensure that it was de-operationalized.” He continued, “General McMaster has returned the NSC to its proper function.”Gen. Mike Flynn was ousted from his position as National Security Adviser in mid-February, just weeks after he took office. He was replaced by Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster.During his time on the council, Bannon attended at most one, possibly two meetings of the NSC according to the Washington Post. Bannon will retain his security clearance and is still allowed to attend NSC meetings. Bannon, a former Naval officer, joined the Council in late January.Former National Security Advisor Rice called the initial addition of Bannon to the NSC “stone cold crazy,” in a tweet following the addition:This is stone cold crazy. After a week of crazy. Who needs military advice or intell to make policy on ISIL, Syria, Afghanistan, DPRK? https://t.co/Mmyc139w3M— Susan Rice (@AmbassadorRice) January 29, 2017This week news broke that Rice was involved in the “unmasking” of U.S. citizens on the Trump team that were incidentally surveilled during intelligence gathering activities.Trump Administration Secretary of Energy Rick Perry, United States Representative to the United Nations Nikki Haley, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford, and CIA director Mike Pompeo have been added to the National Security Council.Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana Big Government, Martha MacCallum, Mike Pence, national security council, Stephen Bannon








In fact, Bannon remains a close adviser to Trump, with top security clearance and an open invitation to attend NSC meetings.Bannon also has said in a statement that his work on the council was complete.“Susan Rice operationalized the NSC during the last administration,” Bannon said in a statement. “I was put on to ensure that it was de-operationalized.”“General [H.R.] McMaster has returned the NSC to its proper function,” Bannon said, referring to Trump’s National Security Adviser.But the headlines were greeted by the left as a success in their efforts to undermine the Trump administration.“A huge victory for the resistance: Bannon’s sick ideology will no longer infect the National Security Council,” Rep. Barbara Lee (D-CA) tweeted on Wednesday.A huge victory for the resistance: Bannon’s sick ideology will no longer infect the National Security Council. https://t.co/vTnpbMoWpg— Barbara Lee (@BLeeForCongress) April 5, 2017“The removal of white supremacist and conspiracy theorist Steve Bannon from the National Security Council will make America safer,” a statement from MoveOn.org said.“MoveOn members and other Americans taking action via allied organizations generated 1.1 million signatures calling for Bannon’s removal from the NSC, and our voices were heard. Now it is time to fully remove him from his role in the White House,” the moveon.org statement said.“We hope that Stephen Bannon’s removal from the National Security Council will soon be followed by his ouster from the White House entirely,” a statement from the Southern Poverty Law Center said. “By his own admission, Bannon provided a platform, through Breitbart News, for a new breed of white supremacists.“He’s also been responsible for the bizarre appointment of former Breitbart writer Sebastian Gorka, someone with ties to anti-Semitic, far-right groups in Hungary, to a position in the White House,” the statement said. “The sooner that Bannon and people like Gorka leave Washington, the better.”Rep. Robin Kelly (D-IL) tweeted she was happy she joined Rep. Stephanie Murphy (D-FL) in promoting legislation that would have forced Bannon to leave the NSC.“#SteveBannon removed from NSC! Proud to have joined @RepStephMurphy‘s effort to kick him off,” Kelly tweeted.#SteveBannon removed from NSC! Proud to have joined @RepStephMurphy's effort to kick him off. https://t.co/j4P297bHoc #DepoliticizetheNSC— Robin Kelly (@RepRobinKelly) April 5, 2017Rep. Adriano Espaillat (D-FL) said Bannon wants to overthrow the U.S. government.“#SteveBannon has made numerous inflammatory statements in support of overthrowing the United States Government,” Espaillat tweeted.Now remove BANNON from the WHITE HOUSE⚡️ “Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council”https://t.co/HnIcZmBUNE— Adriano Espaillat (@RepEspaillat) April 5, 2017Big Government, democrats, MoveOn.org, SPLC, Steve Bannon, Trump








In fact, his changing role in the Trump administration was planned, according to Bannon.“Susan Rice operationalized the NSC during the last administration,” Bannon said in a statement. “I was put on to ensure that it was de-operationalized.”“General [H.R.] McMaster has returned the NSC to its proper function,” Bannon said, referring to Trump’s National Security Adviser.Although the headlines about Bannon used terms like “removed” and “booted” in stories about the new structure of the NSC, the facts are buried in most of the news coverage.Bloomberg, which was the first to report on the development, equated not having a “permanent seat” on the NSC as being removed, but later in its coverage explained Bannon’s changing role in the White House:A White House official portrayed the change as a natural progression rather than a demotion for Bannon. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, contended that Bannon was placed on the committee in part to monitor Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn, and never attended a meeting. He’s no longer needed with McMaster in charge of the council, the official said.The New York Times used the headline “Trump Removes Stephen Bannon From National Security Council Post, “but did report halfway through the story that this development was “a logical evolution”:A senior White House official presented the move as a logical evolution, not a setback for Mr. Bannon. He had originally been put on the principals committee to keep an eye on Mr. Flynn and to ‘de-operationalize’ the National Security Council after the Obama administration, this official said on condition of anonymity to discuss internal dynamics. This official said that process had been completed.Another official close to Mr. Bannon insisted the move was not in any way a sign that the president had lost confidence in him or wanted to reduce his portfolio. And as evidence he will still play a role in national security decisions, the aide said that Mr. Bannon still maintains the highest level of security clearance in the West Wing.The Washington Post used “removed” in its Bannon story headline, but explained early on that not having a “permanent seat” on the council in no way diminishes Bannon’s role in the Trump White House — after reporting that critics have long said Bannon has no national security experience and that some high-ranking national security personnel were left out of the NSC. According to the Post:The White House strongly disputed that characterization, saying that Trump chose to change the structure of the committee from the one in place during the Obama administration to reduce the number of meetings in which senior intelligence officials were required to participate if they did not pertain to their areas of expertise.Instead, one of the officials said, Bannon was put on the council early in the administration to guide and keep watch over then-national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was tasked with reshaping the operation. That official and a second official said Bannon did this from afar, attending one or two meetings of the group.“Bannon was there to “de-operationalize” the NSC from its Obama-era setup, the official added, and he feels that has been accomplished with Flynn and his successor H.R. McMaster and no longer feels the need to be part of the NSC.Bannon retains his title and position and remains a confidant of the president who is working closely with other advisers on domestic and foreign policy.Fox News followed the media’s lead but did add this fact to its reporting:“Bannon is still permitted to go to NSC meetings,” Fox reported.Online talk radio host Bill Mitchell joined the social media rant on the Bannon story and tweeted this:“My take on Bannon leaving the NSC. Rice weaponized the NSC. Trump put Bannon in to fix that. He did. Now, other fish to fry.”My take on Bannon leaving the NSC.  Rice weaponized the NSC.  Trump put Bannon in to fix that.  He did.  Now, other fish to fry.— Bill Mitchell (@mitchellvii) April 5, 2017The memorandum that is posted in the Federal Register explains that “senior officials” can participate in NSC meetings. It says, “The security threats facing the United States in the 21st century transcend international boundaries. Accordingly, the United States Government’s decision-making structures and processes to address these challenges must remain equally adaptive and transformative.  Both Councils are statutory bodies that the President will continue to chair.  Invitations to participate in specific Council meetings shall be extended to those heads of executive departments and agencies, and other senior officials, who are needed to address the issue or issues under consideration. When the President is absent from a meeting of either Council, the Vice President may preside at the President’s direction.”Big Government, Bloomberg, Donald Trump, FOX NEWS, national security council, New York Times, Steve Bannon, Susan Rice, Washington Post








by Breitbart News5 Apr 20170From Politico:In recent weeks, Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, has asked searching questions – sometimes for hours – of inside and outside advisers about the White House’s performance and complained about Bannon in particular, according to people who have spoken with Kushner. Kushner, a onetime New York Democrat, and Bannon, a hard-right nationalist, have clashed as Kushner has told people that Bannon’s desire to deconstruct the government, is hurting the president.One person familiar with Kushner’s thinking says Kushner believes Bannon is more of a problem than Reince Priebus, the chief of staff.“Big fight is between nationalists and the ‘West Wing Democrats,” one senior administration official said.Read the rest here. Big Government, Jared Kushner, Stephen K. Bannon, Steve Bannon








The businessman and former New York Observer publisher has emerged as one of the most quietly recognizable figures in the President’s major foreign policy plays – and as a guiding force behind major domestic initiatives as head of the new Office of American Innovation. The President has made big promises betting on Kushner’s ability to deliver, among them the resolution of these five surprisingly delicate problems for a 36-year-old real estate mogul:Resolve the Israeli-Palestinian DisputeShortly before his inauguration, President Trump told The Times of London that he planned to give “good lad” Jared Kushner expansive powers for helping resolve critical international disputes, particularly brokering peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Touting Kushner’s “innate ability to make deals” in a separate interview, Trump guaranteed that Kushner would “secure an Israel deal which no one else has managed to get.”Trump has assured that Kushner “knows the region, knows the people, knows the players” and will be a critical broker in resolving conflict in the region.On Inauguration Day, Trump went even further: “If you can’t produce peace in the Middle East,” he told his son-in-law, “nobody can.”Kushner’s family boasts personal ties to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, but Kushner himself has not previously involved himself in Israeli politics. The Israeli government appeared open to relying on Kushner as a chief U.S. envoy. “We would be so happy if someone could bring peace to the Middle East. We welcome him,” Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said at the time.Eradicating ISIS from Iraq and SyriaLess of a diplomatic mission than a military one, Kushner appears to have assumed the task of helping pave the way for a peaceful, united post-Islamic State Iraq. Kushner traveled to the war-torn country this week, alongside chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford, to meet with Iraqi leaders and visit a key outpost near Mosul, the largest Islamic State stronghold in the country.Kushner met with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, whose spokesman said Kushner, Dunford, and the Iraqi officials discussed “the continuation of the cooperation to eliminate ISIS in Iraq and Syria, and also the training and arming of the Iraqi Army.”On Tuesday, Kushner and Dunford visited an Iraqi base near Mosul, the closest Dunford has been to the fighting (this is Kushner’s first visit to Iraq). According to Reuters, Kushner proclaimed the Iraqi-U.S. military efforts against the Islamic State “very impressive.”Ending the Opioid Addiction EpidemicLast week, President Trump appointed Kushner to be the head of the White House Office of American Innovation, a new government agency tasked with… innovation. Among the problems Kushner will be responsible for solving innovatively will be the growing rate of addiction to heroin, morphine, and other opioid drugs in the United States.As part of his work in the office, Kushner had reportedly been working behind the scenes for weeks with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie before the latter was announced as the new frontman of an anti-drug initiative in late March. While Kushner has remained largely silent in public on the topic, Christie has vowed to dedicate effort to the initiative.Bridging the Divide Between the Trump Administration and the Muslim CommunityAs with a number of other major international visits, Kushner sat in on an Oval Office meeting earlier this year with Vice President Mike Pence, chief of staff Reince Priebus, and Saudi Deputy Crown Prince and Defense Minister Mohammed bin Salman. According to a Buzzfeed report citing leaders attending the meeting this week, Kushner also led a conversation with Muslim-American leaders shortly after the election.The Buzzfeed report claims Kushner met with “a prominent imam, a civil rights attorney, the director of a nonprofit that studies violent extremism, and two venture capitalists,” and the meeting “went smoothly,” in part due to Kushner’s “friendly tone.”There is little more information on whether the meeting was the first in a series or what the objectives of that meeting were. As Kushner’s star has risen following Trump’s election, however, the President appears to be trusting Kushner more and more in precisely these settings: roundtables with prominent individuals focused on how to solve problems. And in this case – between advocacy by Muslim interest groups against Trump and media disinformation on Trump initiatives to keep the country safe – a gentle hand may be the key to fostering cooperation.Maintaining Friendly Ties to the Government of MexicoWhile Kushner’s foreign policy responsibilities appear largely tethered to the Middle East, he emerged an unlikely diplomatic tool for the President to use in his relationship with Mexico.In January, the Chicago Tribune cited an administration official as confirming that Kushner had played a pivotal role in resolving a short-lived disagreement between Trump and Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto. By March, when Mexican Foreign Secretary Luis Videgaray arrived in Washington, Videgaray met with Kushner before visiting the State Department, as is typically done.The Washington Post reported that Kushner involved Videgaray in the drafting of remarks by President Trump regarding the wall Trump promised to build on the U.S.-Mexico border and that the chief diplomat helped Kushner and Trump edit a speech that was well-received by Mexican authorities and reportedly garnered Kushner praise behind the scenes.Big Government, National Security, Donald Trump, Iraq, Israel, Jared Kushner, Office of American Innovation








by Breitbart News5 Apr 20170Gideon Resnick reports in The Daily Beast:During a segment on InfoWars today, Roger Stone, who was previously an adviser during the early months of President Trump’s campaign, claimed to host Alex Jones that Trump’s own son-in-law Jared Kushner was leaking information to MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough.“Jared Kushner, perhaps the one presidential aide who cannot be fired, is now in regular text message communications with Joe Scarborough,” Stone claimed. “Many of the anti-Steve Bannon stories that you see, the themes that you see on Morning Joe, are being dictated by Kushner. And while Mr. Kushner’s plate is very full with Middle Eastern peace and the China visit, and so on, in this case I think he is disserving the president.”…“There is no question now that sources tell me that the president’s son-in-law enjoys a very lively text exchange with Joe Scarborough,” Stone continued. “Joe Scarborough is no friend of the president, he revels in passing fake news. He himself has more scandals than you can shake a stick at.”Read the rest here. Big Government, Big Journalism, Jared Kushner, Roger Stone, Stephen K. Bannon, Steve Bannon








On Wednesday, Kushner Cos. and the Anbang Insurance Group of China reportedly agreed to end talks about securing investment in an office tower on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. The deal had been criticized as an effort by the Chinese to win favor with the Trump administration.“The biggest concern that I’ve had is whether Jared Kushner, whether it’s the president’s sons who are running the real estate business, that they are going to be offered or they are going to seek out sweetheart deals with foreign government entities – Chinese, Russian, Kazakhstan, you name it,” Schweizer told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow.“That’s where the vulnerability is, because they will make a killing financially, and a foreign entity will then gain leverage or favors from the Trump administration,” he said.“These things are very worrisome. Again, there’s no deals that seem to have been sealed, and there’s no evidence that there have been financial transfers,” he noted. “But this needs to be monitored – and monitored, I think, with great intensity because this has been a repeated pattern in American politics.”Peter Schweizer is a senior editor at large for Breitbart News, president of the Government Accountability Institute, and author of the best-selling Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich.Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.LISTEN:Big Government, Radio, Breitbart News Daily, China, Donald Trump, Jared Kushner, Peter Schweizer, Russia








Every serious person who has tried to locate any evidence that Russia attempted to influence the 2016 election — even Trump-haters at the New York Review of Books and Rolling Stone magazine — has come away empty-handed and angry. We keep getting bald assertions, unadorned with anything resembling a fact. But for now, let’s just consider the raw plausibility of the story. The fact-less claim is that (1) the Russians wanted Donald Trump to win; and (2) They thought they could help him win by releasing purloined emails from the Democratic National Committee showing that the Democrats were conspiring against Hillary Clinton’s primary opponent, Bernie Sanders. First, why on earth would Russia prefer a loose cannon, untested president like Trump to an utterly corrupt politician, who’d already shown she could be bought? The more corrupt you think Russia is, the more Putin ought to love Hillary as president. The Russians knew Hillary was a joke from her ridiculous “reset” button as secretary of state. They proceeded to acquire 20 percent of America’s uranium production, under Hillary’s careful management — in exchange for a half-million-dollar speaking engagement for her husband and millions of dollars in donations to the Clinton Foundation.(Politifact rates this claim FALSE! — LIAR, LIAR PANTS ON FIRE! — because Trump referred to 20 percent of America’s “uranium,” not to 20 percent of America’s “uranium capacity.” This is the sort of serious reporting we get from our watchdog media.) The last thing our enemies want is unpredictability in an American president, and Trump is nothing if not unpredictable. Actually, that’s only the second-to-last thing Putin wants. Russia’s only export is energy: The last thing Putin wants is a president who vows to drill and frack, driving down the world oil price. But let’s say the Russians were morally offended by a woman who could be bought (by them) for a $500,000 speaking fee, and what they really longed for was a bellicose American president promising to put our interests first. Why would anyone, least of all trained spies, think that it would help Trump to release emails showing the DNC had its thumb on the scale against Bernie Sanders? How was that supposed to work again? I forget. Accepting everything else the most deranged Trump-hater believes, normal people lose the thread of the conspiracy at the moment when the Russians are supposed to have said to themselves, “HEY, I KNOW — LET’S TRY THIS!” Even experts in American politics haven’t the first idea how to affect an election. The best minds of the GOP bet $140 million of their own money that Jeb! would be the nominee. (Maybe they should have hired Putin.) Throughout the primaries, Democrats were openly praying that the GOP would nominate Trump. Democrats had the same hope in 1980 for Ronald Reagan. In 2008, Republicans hooted at the idea of Al Franken running for the U.S. Senate. Days before the election, America’s premier journal of liberal opinion, The New York Times, gave Hillary a 91 percent chance of winning. The Princeton Election Consortium calculated her chances at 99 percent. The Huffington Post’s polling aggregator put Hillary’s odds at 98 percent. But we’re supposed to believe that a country practiced in spycraft was confident that it not only knew what was likely to happen in a U.S. presidential election, but also knew how to swing it? And no one in Moscow thought to ask: “What will be the predictable, certain outcome of releasing the DNC’s ‘Get Bernie’ emails?” The DNC leaks might have ended up being the best thing that ever happened to the Democrats. What if they had pulled a Torricelli, and forced Hillary to drop out, so they could run Joe Biden instead? Biden is a lot more popular than Hillary! Isn’t the more logical leaker someone within the DNC who’d had enough with David Brock and Debbie Wasserman Schultz steering the party into a ditch? The actual leaker probably thought: I’ve got to save the party! She’s going to destroy us! Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, as well as his associate, former British ambassador Craig Murray, both say that the DNC emails came from a whistleblower within the DNC. Murray has even identified the precise location where a DNC insider passed him the emails — a park near American University. Assange may be a misguided zealot, but neither his friends nor his enemies call him a liar. His image is very nearly the opposite: a self-righteousness fanatic — not a slippery con man. Hey, did anyone else notice that last week, very quietly, every single staffer at the DNC was fired? The claim that Russia hacked the DNC’s emails to help Trump is the sort of crackpot theory that can only be concocted after the fact. They would prefer to say that North Korea or ISIS “hacked” our election and somehow installed Trump. But unfortunately, Trump has no business dealings with ISIS or the Pyongyang regime. He — or people he knows — have had some vague business dealings with Russia. So the left is stuck with its insane Russia conspiracy. And now, just as the whole story is collapsing, their need is even more urgent, to distract from the Obama administration’s use of national security intelligence-gathering agencies to spy on domestic enemies like Donald Trump. Big Government, Big Journalism, Ann Coulter, Clinton Foundation, Clinton Foundation foreign donations scandal, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Russian hacking, Susan Rice








All these months, it turns out, it was his right-hand hatchet gal and exposed serial prevaricator Susan Rice who was behind the scenes in his administration working all the levers of the most powerful espionage machine on planet Earth to spy on Mr. Obama’s political enemies.This is jaw-dropping, bombshell information.Not because it exposed the Obama administration as the most nakedly partisan presidency in modern history, willing to use even the most sacred powers of the federal government for political purposes. We already knew that too.What is so astonishing about the revelation that Ms. Rice was the one unmasking Donald Trump and his campaign before, during and after he won the presidency is that it doesn’t get any closer to Barack Obama himself.Ms. Rice was Mr. Obama’s national security adviser, one of his closest aides. They spoke all the time. She worked directly for him. Here she was spying on Mr. Obama’s political enemies while in daily contact with him at the very height of the most contentious presidential election in memory. You don’t think she and the president discussed this?The revelation that Ms. Rice was the operator behind the spying answers just one question. But it raises a thousand more.When, exactly, did Ms. Rice start using the U.S. government’s spy operation as a weapon against Mr. Obama’s political opponents?What conversations did she have with the president about the intel gleaned about Mr. Trump and other political enemies of Mr. Obama?As was asked of an earlier president amid far smaller crimes: What did the president know, and when did he know it?What other opponents running for the Republican nomination was the Obama administration spying on? Were any of those political enemies “unmasked” and disseminated across government agencies? Was any of that intelligence leaked to the press?Did the Obama administration spy on Sen. Bernie Sanders during the long, messy Democratic primary, when the Vermont socialist refused to get out of the way for Hillary Clinton? Remember, we now know the lengths the entire Democratic National Committee went to rig that primary for Mrs. Clinton.If there was nothing wrong with “unmasking” the identities of Mr. Obama’s political opponents and disseminating the intel, Ms. Rice, why did you flat out lie about it on national television last month?“I know nothing about this” is not exactly a robust defense of one’s actions.Most of the media, of course, is so desperate to destroy Mr. Trump and cover up anything that might reflect poorly on Mr. Obama that they would rather talk about phantom “Russia” connections instead.Fine. Investigate Russia all you want. Even if that inquiry bears fruit, it will be about as scandalous as Richard Nixon going to China. But an administration actively spying on political opponents during a presidential election, unmasking U.S. citizens and then punishing them with selective leaks to the press? That is a real scandal.And a constitution crisis that raises dire questions about whether any American citizen is safe from the espionage thuggery of the politically powerful.• Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes.com; follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.Big Government








Tuesday night on CNN, host Don Lemon said there was an “effort to tar and feather” President Barack Obama’s National Security Adviser Susan Rice over reports she unmasked members of Donald Trump’s transition team.Lemon said, “So far, we’ve seen no evidence that she’s done anything improper and it seems like an effort to tar and feather her to try to make a lie the truth, the original tweet by the president.”Former Obama administration green jobs czar Van Jones agreed that Susan Rice was “being tarred, feathered, and burned alive for doing her job in a good way.”Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBreitbart TV, Don Lemon, Susan Rice








Said Gaffney in discussing the unmasking controversy, citing the duration of the effort and potential involvement of others, “I think that there’s unquestionably a political warfare operation being run by their former boss, Barack Obama. And I think there’s a lot of evidence that they’re still lashed up with him and therefore i think it’s a safe assumption that they are probably performing opposition research, if you wish to call it that, for Organizing for Action…  and their purpose for it is pretty clear – destroying the Trump presidency.”Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.Big Government, Radio, barack obama, Center For Security Policy, Frank Gaffney, Russian metro bombing, Susan Rice, Trump presidency








“First of all, I don’t know all there is to know about what Susan Rice was doing,” said Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI).Rice is accused of “unmasking” the names of American citizens associated with Trump in intelligence reports. Those names are deliberately cloaked to preserve the constitutional protections against warrantless monitoring enshrined in the 4th Amendment.“What we do know about Susan Rice is you can’t believe what she says, and that is pretty obvious, so we need to get her under oath,” he said.“It doesn’t surprise me in the slightest that the former administration would utilize the awesome power of the government–they did it with Lois Lerner and the IRS, using the IRS as a political weapon against their political opponents,” he said.If the Obama administration was willing to use the IRS for political advantage, it is natural for them to use the federal surveillance programs, as well, he said.“We need to get her under oath in front of the Intelligence Committee and let’s see exactly what we do find out about her,” he said.Johnson said he is not worried that political abuse of surveillance and intelligence gathering programs would jeopardize the actual programs themselves. “In a responsible person’s hand, it should not be a problem. We do need the ability to gather intelligence. We need the ability to do these things.”The senator said another problem is how intelligence related to Trump made its way into the press.“We need to keep these pieces of information classified, as well,” he said. “There’s a reason you have classified information and national security interests–it is how you keep the nation safe.”The senator said there is a difference between national security career professionals and the political appointees, such as Rice.“The vast majority of people, career folks in the NSA or the FISA courts, these are patriots trying to keep the nation safe,” he said.“When you have political hacks that potentially use these agencies improperly? That’s the problem. You have to get the political hacks out of the process.”Big Government, President Barack Obama, President Donald Trump, Sen Ron Johnson, senate homeland security committee, Susan Rice








by Charlie Spiering5 Apr 20170“I think it’s going to be the biggest story,” Mr. Trump said to the New York Times. “It’s such an important story for our country and the world. It is one of the big stories of our time.” Trump’s remarks are his first public statement on the subject since reports claimed Rice was responsible.Trump didn’t reveal any new details to the New York Times but said he would explain himself “at the right time.”Big Government, Donald Trump, Susan Rice








Driver’s ed teacher Vince Ziebarth was summarily fired by Dwight D. Eisenhower High School in south suburban Blue Island for making “inappropriate comments” to Shemar Cooper, a student who would not stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. Ziebarth was a District 218 teacher since 2009 and had been a full-time driver’s ed teacher since 2014.Late last year Shemar Cooper refused to stand for the anthem because, in his learned opinion, “America sucks.” The incident didn’t end there as he has been the subject of much talk in the school, and at least one teacher hoped to make the whole thing a teaching moment.Kelly Porter, the student’s mother, claimed that Ziebarth told her son, “If you want to drive with me, you have to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.”The student’s mother also insisted that the teacher “violated” her son’s First Amendment rights, but Ziebarth disputes that claim, the Chicago Tribune reported.“I told him he can make a choice to sit, but as long as you choose to sit, you will not sit in my (driver’s ed) vehicle. I did not tell him what to do,” the teacher said.Ziebarth also said he tried to use the boy’s refusal to stand for the Pledge as a teaching moment.“I told him I stand to honor the sacrifice and bravery of those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. It doesn’t mean America is perfect, or that we agree with everything going on,” Ziebarth, who comes from a long line of military service members, told the paper.“We had an understanding. He was making a choice, and I was making a choice. His name never appeared on my sign-up sheet again, so I thought it was over,” Ziebarth added.Ziebarth said he didn’t think there was a real problem between the two because the student had joked about the whole situation several times afterward. He was especially surprised because the confrontation happened months ago.“I honestly had no idea, that’s how long ago it was. I didn’t even know where the principal’s office was. I’ve got a sterling reputation in this district,” Ziebarth said.The teacher also says the school overreacted by summarily firing him without giving him a way to address the situation. “I was given no options. Had the principal told me I had to allow Shemar in my car, I would have,” he said.A large number of students seem to agree that the school mistreated the popular teacher. An online petition at Change.org titled, “Get Mr. Z back at Ike,” has garnered over one thousand signatures.“Mr. Z is an amazing teacher, brought life into the students life, whenever they had a bad day he was always there! He knew everyone and supported you through everything,” the petition reads. “Gave us great life lessons and taugh(t) us how to #DOMINATE. He taught us how to be one of a kind, and never settle for anything less! He was loved by all, cared for by many. Bring driver ed Z back!!! ”Thank you, everyone, for the overwhelming support. It means more to me than you will ever know. I was very lucky to be a part of your lives.— Driver Ed Z 🚗💤 (@DriverEd_Z) March 17, 2017After Ziebarth had been fired, the student’s mother began complaining about another issue, saying that now her son is being blamed for the firing of a popular teacher.“One of the kids actually stood up in the classroom and yelled at Shemar, ‘You got Mr. Z fired!’ and he and my son got into a big argument,” Porter told Chicago’s CBS affiliate. “So I’m just hoping it doesn’t escalate any further.”“I hope my son can get through the next two years and not get harassed,” Porter exclaimed.Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.Big Government, Education, Black Lives Matter, driver's ed, Pledge of Allegiance, schools








According to the Crimson, members of all-female social groups will be permitted to remain in the group without fear of penalty, which will be strip members of gender-exclusive social clubs of the opportunity to apply for certain scholarships, fellowships, and leadership positions.Traditionally all-female final clubs and sororities will be allowed to retain their “gender focus” for the next few years — and potentially beyond that period — while complying with the College’s policy penalizing single-gender social groups, according to Associate Dean of Student Life David R. Friedrich.In an interview Tuesday, Friedrich clarified the details of a three to five year “bridge” program for all-female social organizations proposed by a committee tasked with implementing the College’s penalties against single-gender social groups.The policy, which will be enacted for at least three years, has the possibility of extension beyond that time.In a report released on March 6, a Harvard committee wrote that it “supports the idea of continuing to allow the female final clubs and sororities to operate with gender-focused missions, with the understanding that the positive contributions of those organizations to the campus community would be assessed in three to five years.”In a letter to the student body, Harvard College Dean Rakesh Khurana wrote that the current social system at Harvard “facilitates highly asymmetrical power dynamics.” As a result, Khurana proposed that limiting the amount of members of single-gender social clubs could serve to correct the alleged imbalance in social power.Our conversations and research revealed that the current social scene at the College revolves around deeply entrenched systems of power. Men’s final clubs in particular can leverage the historical dominance of gender, class, and race, to preserve that power. And when alcohol enters the picture, violence, hazing and sexual violence are sometimes used to assert their position. The simple reality is that this social system facilitates highly asymmetrical power dynamics. Because these systems are historical, they must be intentionally subverted to advance our shared commitment to broadening opportunity and making Harvard a campus for all of its students.Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.com Education, Social Justice, Tech, gender discrimination, harvard, social justice








At a recent forum, students were invited to pose questions to President Cheng. One student asked Cheng about her feelings towards the concept of campus safe spaces, or environments where students can go to be sheltered from ideas.“As a university professor, I’m not sure I have any support at all for safe space,” Cheng asserted. “I think that you as a student have to develop the skills to be successful in this world and that we need to provide you with the opportunity for discourse and debate and dialogue and academic inquiry, and I’m not sure that that is correlated with the notion of safe space as I’ve seen that.”“That’s what we’re doing and safe spaces are not about that. It’s about certain groups being targeted and nothing is being done about it,” said NAU senior Nina Wilson after walking out of Professor Cheng’s forum event.The NAU Student Action Coalition walked out of the forum event after Cheng’s response and drafted a statement claiming that the President’s “resignation is necessary,” specifically citing her responses at the forum event as the catalyst for their call for her to step down.“Creating segregated spaces for different groups on our campus only [leads] to misunderstanding, distrust, and [reduces] the opportunity for discussion and engagement and education around diversity,” NAU President for Media Relations Kimberly Ott told KPNX regarding Cheng’s responses at the forum event.Just last week, a student at Northern Arizona State was docked points on an essay assignment due to the use of the word “mankind,” which the professors considered improper usage of gendered language.Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.comEducation, Social Justice, Tech, Northern Arizona University, Safe Spaces, social justice








Investigators said Wednesday they have received more than 150 tips from the public in relation to the attack, which took place in a meadow in the Siegaue conservation area and left the student and her boyfriend “very affected”.Just after midnight on Sunday, the assailant approached the couple’s tent and slashed it open with his machete before demanding cash. Threatening to kill her boyfriend if he tried to do anything, the man then ordered the woman to leave the tent, and proceeded to rape her.“Both victims were in a state of mortal fear”, said police spokesman Robert Scholten. He told Bonn’s regional newspaper General-Anzeiger that the 26-year-old boyfriend managed to notify police and rescue services of the rape as it happened, using a low voice.The young woman was admitted to hospital overnight, and both victims are now in the care of victim support services. Police searched the surrounding area of the crime scene with a helicopter and search dogs but were unable to find the assailant.A party was being held a few hundred metres away from where the attack took place and witnesses came forward to say they had noticed a man of African appearance skulking around. Investigators also received tips that he’s been sighted in Beueler Rheinufer and Nordbrücke.Specialists at the German Federal Criminal Police (BKA) produced a picture of the suspect based on witness descriptions, and police are appealing for further information that could lead to his arrest. He is described as about 5′ 9″, dark-skinned, and to have spoken in broken English.Although the man’s DNA is not on the police system, Scholten said: “Because of the way in which the attack was carried out, we can’t rule out the possibility that the perpetrator hasn’t been previously active in the fields of violence and robbery.”“It’s necessary that we compare the incident with other cases, and other violent acts,” he added.Breitbart London, Immigration, Bonn, Europe Migrant Crisis, Germany migants, Migrant Crime, migrant rape, Migrant Sex Attacks








In a tweet about the job, the school wrote: “The Salafi Independent School is now recruiting a part-time male science and Islamic Studies teacher.”The institution, in the Small Heath area of the city, claims to specialise in “teaching the Salafi Creed, Arabic, Hadeeth, Literacy, Numeracy and Science.”Salafism is a literalist, strict, and puritanical form of Islam with adherents aiming to live like Muhammad and his followers in the 7th century. Islamic State and other terror groups are described as Salafis. The Hadeeth is the sayings and stories of the life of Muhammad.The school is attached to a local Salafi mosque and teaches its 150 male and female Muslim students separately from the age of four.The National Secular Society’s (NSS) campaigns director Stephen Evans commented in a statement: “There is simply no justification for any school to discriminate against job applicants on the basis of gender.“All schools have a duty to promote fundamental British values and any school that fails to respect the law and promote gender equality is clearly unfit to educate young people.”(Credit: Twitter) Adding: “Action must be taken to ensure that no school is permitted to normalise or promote gender-based discrimination, or any other regressive attitudes that are at odds with liberal democracy.”Following the backlash, the school pulled the ad but said it plans to re-advertise the position as they still “hope” to recruit a man, because of some of the religious duties involved with the role.A spokesman for the Equality and Human Rights Commission told The Telegraph: “An advert that indicates that only people of one sex are eligible for selection is discriminatory and unlawful, unless an occupational requirement applies.”The controversy comes just weeks after Waseem Zaffar, Birmingham City Council’s “equalities” boss, was forced to step down after attempting to force a Catholic primary school to allow six-year-old infants to wear the Islamic hijab.All female students at the Salafi Independent School are required to wear the Islamic headscarf and shawl (jilbab) in class and full body “burkini” during swimming lessons.Following the row over Mr. Zaffar’s actions, the government’s integration chief Dame Louise Casey stepped in to warn that unless the council was vigilant there was a risk of a new ‘Trojan Horse’ affair, whereby hardline Muslims could try and influence schools.Breitbart London, Education, Faith, Birmingham, Birmingham City Council, gender discrimination, Islam, islamic school, Salafis, salafism








“Today the billboarders started to hang up posters in the city of Kiel. Meanwhile, the rest of the wood pallets are prepared for installation. Thanks to all volunteers for their support!” the Kiel AfD wrote on Facebook.One of the most liked comments was by a man named Joel Eigelmeier who wrote: “Sorry, the question is: does the man know what he is doing?” followed by hashtags of “epic satire” and “epic fail”.Another user pointed out that the man in question is actually Achille Demagbo, a member of the AfD’s national board. User Torsten Birghan, whose Facebook page contains an image of U.S. President Donald Trump being compared to a pig, said: “ Can we deport him? Something we really do not need in our country.”“One thing is certain: He is not the ‘brightest’ candle on the cake …” Barzin Kasap Seleh wrote. One of the more racist comments came from user Alper Turcan from Turkey who said: “The moment when you’re doing everything you can to avoid being deported!”Astrid Langen commented: “[I] hope he has properly negotiated compensation for his soul, which he has obviously sold. Maybe they have promised him a seat in parliament to get to financial security. Sorry, but that’s not a voluntary immigrant!!!”Supporters of the AfD defended Mr. Demagbo saying he was one of the best AfD politicians in the area. Others decried the racist language from those on the left who often claim to be anti-racists themselves. Racism from the political left has raised its head recently in the UK regarding questionable comments from several high profile politicians like former London Mayor Ken Livingstone on the subject of Jewish people and Nazism. ‘Red’ Ken was recently suspended from the Labour party after suggesting Adolf Hitler at one time supported Zionism.Breitbart London, Immigration, 2017 German Federal Election, Alternative for Germany (AfD), Germany, racism








Feminist Initiative (FI) leader Victoria Kawesa hit out at critics of her party claiming that children at a Muslim school being segregated on a school bus and in classes was a result of “the patriarchy” and not a problem originating from the religion of Islam, Expressen reports.FI was slammed by Iranian-born Moderate Party MP Hanif Bali who said: “FI can not even diagnose the problem, let alone come up with some solutions to the problem.” Mr Bali, who grew up in the migrant-heavy no-go Stockholm suburb of Husby, said the type of attitudes shown by the school was common in the suburb. He commented his family confirmed that the only way to enact change is for the entire community to be behind it.Kawesa fired back claiming that “this patriarchal oppression is in the whole of society”.“Patriarchy exists in all religions, nationalities and skin colours. The common denominator is men’s oppression and domination.”The FI leader also blamed racism saying, “there is a culture of racist policies that rather aggravates problems and prevents us from seeing the real causes of the oppression of patriarchy.”On Tuesday, Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Löfven also commented on the story saying that he found the actions of the school to be “disgusting”.“If this is in any way sanctioned by the school, I think that such a school should be closed,” the prime minister said.The television programme Cold Facts, which aired the story, also talked about the situation for women in the migrant-populated suburbs of Stockholm. One woman told the programme that she had been harassed by local Islamic fundamentalists simply for having a pet dog.Feminists in the area are also leaving the suburbs because of the harassment. A former Left Party politician decided to leave after attempting to introduce feminist concepts to the area but was harassed and threatened by locals.The local government in Husby announced they would try and tackle the issue of female harassment by employing “feminist urban planning” which would see more street lights added to the centre of the suburb and a cafe moved to make women feel safer. Despite the efforts, the owners of the cafe do not believe the move will have much of an effect in the area. Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart.comBreitbart London, Immigration, Feminist Initiative Party, husby, Islamisation, No-Go areas, Sweden, Victoria Kawesa








“I do not see how it will be possible to punish Poland for anything because the refugee problem, the problem of immigration, is not connected to structural funds,” the head of Polish diplomacy told press at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, on Tuesday.Earlier the same day, The Times had reported a senior EU diplomatic source told the newspaper that should Poland and fellow Visegrád nation Hungary fail to accept migrants, both countries would face financial and political “consequences”.“They will have to make a choice,” the source threatened. “Are they in the European system or not? You cannot blackmail the EU, unity has a price.”Mr. Waszczykowski said that Poland’s structural funds, conceived in an attempt to equalise the economies of former Soviet bloc nations with those of Western European members, “has nothing to do with the question of refugees, migrants, and so on. You cannot combine these things.”The Foreign Minister then emphasised that migration issues are not a phenomenon exclusive to the Middle East and North Africa:“It is staggering when you consider that Poland spent the last year allocating visas to 1.26 million Ukrainians, half of those documents granting the right to stay and work in Poland.“That should end the discussion. Poland is a country that is also exposed to a great wave of migration. These are hard facts that must be perceived with understanding [by the bloc],” stressed Waszczykowski.When surveyed at the beginning of 2017, two-thirds of Poles rejected the idea of accepting Middle Eastern and North African asylum seekers who arrived during the migrant crisis. However, that same sample was found to be far more accommodating to migrants from neighbouring Ukraine, which has experienced unrest following the Euromaidan protests and the annexation of Crimea.The EU planned to redistribute 160,000 migrants from camps in Italy and Greece across the bloc.  Aside from Poland and Hungary, Austria is also refusing to participate in the relocation scheme, arguing that it had already taken in enough. In 2015, Austria accepted 90,000 migrants, representing more than one per cent of its population.The Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria, and Croatia are accepting migrants on a “very limited basis”, and only Malta and Finland have met their redistribution quota. Britain has opted out of that obligation from the EU asylum policy, so is not participating. Of the 160,000 migrants, less than 14,000 have been accepted by members of the bloc.Breitbart London, Immigration, EU migrant crisis, EU migrant redistribution policy, Poland, Witold Waszczykowski








According to Bloomberg, the first varsity eSports team will compete in Riot’s League of Legends collegiate league. As one of the five wealthiest organizations in college sports, their endorsement of the explosive eSports scene is a decisive statement about its future.But the University of Utah won’t foot the bill for the scholarships from its massive $70 million sports budget. Instead, the scholarships will be funded by the university’s acclaimed Entertainment Arts & Engineering department. Program head A.J. Dimick didn’t specify how much they would initially invest. Still, his enthusiasm for the program — and eSports as a whole — is readily apparent. He asks other schools to “join us,” encouraging them to help “move this along together.”Utah may be the first of the “Power Five,” but the University of California was the first on the map overall, investing $250,000 in a dedicated arena. At the time, UCI’s Acting Director of Esports Mark Deppe said:Esports is the future of competition. Period. It transcends language, geography, race, age, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, physical ability and many other identities. In five years many more schools will official programs and more structure will be in place to regulate and provide guidance to schools. Esports also has a huge opportunity to learn from the successes and shortcomings of traditional sports and provide a model for collegiate competition in the 21st century.There is a steady flow of signs that suggest he’s right. ESPN believed that the industry was already “primed for growth” in early 2016, and that growth has reliably exceeded expectations.Initially, UOU’s program will offer partial scholarships to its participants. Their eventual goal, however, is to broker sponsorship deals to expand into more games. If possible, they would eventually provide full scholarships for up to 35 talented students.Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.Tech, eSports, league of legends, University of Utah








“If someone tries to share a photo that Facebook has previously taken down, that person will see a pop-up saying the photo violates Facebook’s policies and that Facebook will not allow the person to share that particular photo on Facebook, Messenger or Instagram,” explained TechCrunch on Wednesday. “Facebook has also partnered with a handful of organizations, like the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative and the Revenge Porn Helpline, to offer support to people who are victims of revenge porn.”“We’ve focused in on this because of the unique harm that this kind of sharing has on its victims,” said Facebook Global Head of Safety, Antigone Davis. “In the newsroom post we refer to a specific piece of research around the unique harm this has for victims. I think that’s where the focus was for this moving forward.”“At this moment, we’re not using AI to go through this particular content,” Davis continued, pointing out that the issue is currently too complex to cut out human moderators completely. “There is significant context that’s required for reviewing non-consensual sharing.”Revenge porn has proven to be an issue for social media platforms, where disgruntled exes and even hackers have been able to post private and intimate photos of their victims without permission.Last month, a revenge porn victim’s lawyer claimed micro-blogging site Tumblr had “chosen to ignore” revenge porn images posted on the platform after it allegedly took three weeks to get a video of the then-17-year-old victim removed from the site.“In my opinion, Tumblr has chosen to ignore valid legal demands because they earn more money using victims’ photographs as clickbait than they do protecting minors,” claimed lawyer Daniel Szalkiewicz, whose firm specializes in Internet defamation and revenge porn cases.Upon investigation, Breitbart Tech also found numerous accounts on Tumblr that specialized in trying to find and shame the victims seen in revenge porn, most of which had been up for numerous weeks without deletion.Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.Tech, facebook, privacy and security, revenge porn








Amazon stock is riding high with shares gaining 7 percent this week alone and 20 percent overall this year. This values Amazon at around $430 billion, twice the market value of one of its major rivals Walmart which is worth around $220 billion. Currently, the only companies worth more than Amazon are Apple, Alphabet, and Microsoft. Amazon is now worth more than both Facebook and the Warren Buffett-owned Berkshire HathawayThis surge in Amazon’s stock price comes after the announcement last week that the company would be buying the Middle Eastern e-commerce site Souq.com. Amazon reportedly purchased the company which had been previously valued at around $1 billion for the price of $650 million. Amazon’s stock is now trading at 125 times the companies estimated earnings this year and 75 times the companies projected profits for next year.Despite the high price of the stock, financial data and software company FactSet still considers the stock a good buy. Two dozen analysts have estimated the stock price target to rise above the current price with seven analysts putting it above $1,000. Daniel Salmon of BMO Capital Markets raised his price estimation on Monday to $1,200 while Shyam Patil of Susquehanna Financial Group raised his price target to $1250.These estimations are approximately 40 percent higher than the current market price, if these predictions are proven true, then Amazon could soon hold a market value of nearly $600 billion. Considering the company’s rapid expansion into technology with their Amazon Alexa home device and it’s Sponsored Products business, Amazon could soon also be dominating the tech and advertisement world in the near future.Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan or email him at lnolan@breitbart.comTech, Amazon, Economics, stock, Walmart








The company ran an advert for its Invisible for Black & White deodorant, which featured a photo of a woman draped in a white sheet with the slogan “White Is Purity” across the bottom of the image:@NIVEAUSA didnt think this through did you? pic.twitter.com/z0HZs9mDBb— ⚡️Hayley ⚡ (@HayleyZorEl) April 3, 2017The ad first appeared on the company’s Middle East Facebook page last week. Backlash was swift, with many social media users saying that the ad was racially insensitive:Come on #Nivea. This is so racist that I do not even know where to begin.ὢ Speechless. In future, refer to clothes or products, not colors. pic.twitter.com/m0KTSALFKo— Scott Bellows (@ScottProfessor) April 4, 2017#White is color of Purity! Truely German brand Ƕ#Nivea. Interesting choice of words! pic.twitter.com/bC3cwjHCV7— gab.ai/arjyad (@Arjyad) April 5, 2017Nivea released a statement Tuesday, apologizing to those who were offended by the advert.“We are deeply sorry to anyone who may take offense to this specific post. After realizing that the post is misleading, it was immediately withdrawn,” Nivea said in a statement. “Diversity and equal opportunity are crucial values of Nivea.”A representative from Nivea’s parent company, Beiersdorf, told the New York Times that “the ad was part of a broader campaign for the deodorant in the Middle East that linked the color black with strength and white with purity.”“We never intended to hurt anybody or to raise any wrong interpretation,” the representative explained.Nivea’s internal advertising blunder occurred amid Pepsi’s own advertising fiasco. The soda giant pulled its politically charged, protest-themed soda commercial Wednesday after massive online backlash.After a week of advertising calamities, comedian Travon Free believes it might be time to start an “Ask a Black Person” consulting firm:Between Nivea's "white is purity" ad and Pepsi's "Black soda matters" ad I think it's time to open my "Ask A Black person" consulting firm.— Travon Free (@Travon) April 5, 2017Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.Big Government, Pre-Viral, Big Government, Kendall Jenner, Nivea, Pepsi, pre-viral, protests, White Is Purity








The diamond, known as the “Pink Star,” sold for $71.2 million at Sotheby’s auction house in Hong Kong, the Associated Press reported.The oval, mixed cut diamond surpassed Sotheby’s pre-sale estimate of $60 million.The gem was sold for $83 million at another Sotheby’s auction in Geneva, but the buyer defaulted and the purchase never went through.The jewel is the largest pink diamond ever graded by the Gemological Institute of America.“We’re very happy,” said Sotheby’s Asia Chairwoman Patti Wong.Wong identified the winning bidder as Hong Kong jewelry firm Chow Tai Fook. The company’s chairman, Henry Cheng Kar-Shun, placed the winning bid over the phone, CNN Money reported.Wong said the company is not worried about a default this time because the auction house vetted the bidders, who also just so happen to have longstanding relationships with Sotheby’s.The last gem to hold the record of most expensive jewel ever sold was the “Oppenheimer Blue,” which sold for $57.5 million at Christie’s auction house in Geneva in May 2016, NBC News reported.Big Government, Pre-Viral, Auction, Chow Tai Fook, geneva, Hong Kong, pink diamond, Pink Star diamond, Sotheby's








Elwood Gutshall III, 44, of Newville was stopped by police just after midnight for committing several traffic violations with his pick-up truck, WKYC reported.Police determined that the driver was under the influence of alcohol and had Gutshall submit to a blood test to determine his blood alcohol content.The blood draw revealed that his BAC was .217, prompting authorities to charge him with DUI of the Highest Rate, driving under DUI suspension and multiple traffic violations, according to the Newville Police Department.This is not Gutshall’s first run-in with the law.He has also been charged with burglary, simple assault, terroristic threats, criminal trespass, and criminal mischief after he allegedly kicked in the front door of a woman’s home in 2009, the Washington Times reported.Big Government, Law Enforcement, Pre-Viral, bac, drunk lives matter, DUI, Elwood Gutshall III, Newville, Pennsylvania








Warning: Graphic video:The Ethiopian woman, who worked as a domestic servant, survived the fall from the seven-story apartment building in Kuwait City with just a broken arm and bleeding from her nose and ear, the New York Post reported.In the video, the woman can be seen hanging by a knuckle as she screams.“Oh, crazy. Come here,” a woman says casually in Arabic, holding a camera up to the maid.“Hold on to me! Hold on to me!” the maid yells.Instead, the woman steps back and watches as the maid loses her grip, plunging seven stories to the ground below.The worker claims that she was attempting to escape someone trying to kill her inside the apartment.“The lady put me in the bathroom and was about to kill me in the bathroom without anybody finding out. She would have thrown my body out like rubbish, so instead of staying there, I went to save myself and then I fell,” she said, according to local media reports.Police have arrested her boss, who filmed the video, for both failing to help and posting the video on social media, the AFP reports.The boss claims she filmed the incident as evidence in case authorities accused her of killing the maid, according to the Independent.Under Kuwait law, filming the incident itself is not a crime, but the employer could be charged with negligence and failure to offer help when someone was in grave danger, the Kuwait Times states. Such a penalty carries a maximum sentence of three months in jail.Investigators are still trying to determine whether the incident was a suicide attempt, an accident that occurred while the maid was working, or a case of attempted homicide or libel.Accusations of abuse from employers are common in the Gulf state, which employs about 600,000 foreign domestic workers, who mostly come from Asia and Africa.Big Government, Pre-Viral, apartment building, fall, Kuwait, Kuwait City, maid, video, window








Video footage shows the dramatic moment when a Con Edison worker rescued the victim just a minute before the L Train rolled into the station.Jonathan Kulig, 29, hopped onto the subway tracks in Manhattan on 14th Street and Third Avenue at about 8:45 pm on Saturday and carried the man to the station platform, the New York Daily News reports.“Talk to me, what’s happening? You all right?” he asks the groggy man.“It was very scary,” said Parker Van de Graaf, 15, who took the video on a cell phone. “My mother and I were right there, and the first to see him fall. We were freaking out and asking for help.”The video shows the Good Samaritan leading the disoriented victim to a bench right before the train comes into the station. “Medics took the victim to Lenox Hill HealthPlex, FDNY officials said.”Kulig was on his way to work as an engineer when, he said, “I hear people yelling, ‘Oh my God! Oh my God!’”He then jumped off the platform toward the fallen man. “I had my escape plan. I knew where to walk, where not to walk,” he said.Kulig said he took part in a track safety session just a month beforehand. “I made sure that there was a path for me to go to,” he said. “I kind of looked while I leaped, if you will.”Big Government, Pre-Viral, good samaritan, Jonathan Kulig, L train, Manhattan, New York, New York City, Subway








A 13-year-old boy allegedly lured the victim to the bathroom by telling her that her English as a Second Language teacher wanted to see her, the New York Daily News reported.The trusting victim followed the boy to the boys’ bathroom on the ground floor of Public School 165 Ida Posner on Lott Avenue in Brownsville.Six other boys were waiting in the bathroom around 11:30 a.m. Monday as one 15-year-old boy pushed the girl into the bathroom and demanded that she perform sex acts on a 14-year-old boy, sources said.Sources said the girl complied out of fear and intimidation.The victim burst into tears and told her friends what happened after the boys left. A guidance counselor, the principal, and police were notified.Sources said the victim told police she saw someone potentially recording the incident on a cell phone, but police have not found any evidence of a video yet.The 14-year-old boy upon whom the girl allegedly performed sex acts was charged with sex abuse and forcible touching. The 15-year-old who allegedly pushed her into the bathroom was charged with sex abuse, forcible touching, and unlawful imprisonment, officials said.The boys had their cases heard in Family Court, where a judge ruled that they be released to the custody of their parents and barred them from having any contact with the victim, officials said.Education Department officials said parents of students at the school have been notified of the incident.“This incident is deeply troubling and we are working closely with the NYPD as they conduct an investigation,” Education Department spokeswoman Toya Holness said. “We’re ensuring that it is swiftly addressed.”Big Government, Law Enforcement, Pre-Viral, bathroom, Brooklyn, Brownsville, New York, New York City, PS 165 Ida Posner, Sexual Abuse








Wednesday in Washington D.C., House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) said tax reform will take “more time” and could take longer than health care legislation.Ryan said, “We will need more time to do tax reform. The House has a plan but the Senate doesn’t quite have one yet. They’re working on one. The White House hasn’t nailed it down. So even the three entities aren’t on the same page yet on tax reform.”Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBreitbart TV, Economics, Taxes, Donald Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan








Fed officials now believe that Trump’s fiscal, regulatory, and infrastructure policy changes will not have a significant effect on the economy until sometime in 2018. Fed officials “pushed back the timing of when those policy were anticipated to take effect,” the minutes said.They now think that “meaningful fiscal stimulus would likely not begin until 2018. In view of the substantial uncertainty, about half of the participants did not incorporate explicit assumptions about fiscal policy in their projections.”Far from worrying that the economy is in danger of overheating, the minutes make it clear that Fed officials see the risks to economic growth as “tilted to the downside.” That’s Fed-speak for the notion that the economy is more likely to grow more slowly than expected than it is to grow at a faster clip.Overall, however, the Fed’s economic projections were mostly unchanged since the December meeting, when officials boosted their growth expectations based on the belief that the government would adopt more pro-growth policies.Fed officials also noted “considerable uncertainty about the timing and nature of potential changes to fiscal policies as well as the size of the effects of such changes on economic activity.”Taken together, these comments indicate that the Fed is taking a wait and see attitude toward Trump’s policies. That means that he likely has more room to adopt economically stimulative policies before he runs into opposition from central bankers.Big Government, Economics, Federal Reserve, FOMC








A report from Treasury’s Inspector General found that the IRS misused a law aimed at cracking down on organized crime and terrorism to target innocent individuals and businesses. Agents adopted a policy of seizing cash before investigating for other wrongdoing because it was just easier to seize the money of innocent people than hardened criminals and terrorists.“One of the reasons why legal source cases were pursued was that the Department of Justice had encouraged task forces to engage in ‘quick hits,’ where property was more quickly seized and more quickly resolved through negotiation, rather than pursuing cases with other criminal activity (such as drug trafficking and money laundering), which are more time-consuming,” according to the report .The report looks at the IRS practice of seizing cash from businesses and individuals suspected of committing “structuring,” an illegal act that involves intentionally splitting up large sums of cash into amounts less than $10,000 to avoid a reporting requirement.The policy against structuring came into law as part of the federal Bank Secrecy act. Its purpose was to assist the IRS in deterring criminal activity such as the sale of illegal drugs and terrorism.While structuring is technically a crime, it was intended for use in cases in which the IRS had already detected the possibility of criminal activity. Despite this, the IRS pursued hundreds of cases of suspected structuring between 2012 and 2015 in which there was no evidence of criminal activity. Individuals and businesses that deposited cash in sums less than $10,000 were considered suspect.“While the BSA does not distinguish between legal and illegal sources of funds, IRS procedures dictate that the overall purpose of its civil forfeiture program is to disrupt and dismantle criminal enterprises,” the report from Treasury’s Inspector General explains. “Most people impacted by the program did not appear to be criminal enterprises engaged in other alleged illegal activity; rather, they were legal businesses such as jewelry stores, restaurant owners, gas station owners, scrap metal dealers, and others.”“Today’s report confirms that the IRS used civil forfeiture to seize millions of dollars from innocent business owners,” said attorney Robert Everett Johnson of the Institute for Justice, in a statement. “The IRS’s own internal watchdog found that the IRS had a practice of seizing entire bank accounts based on nothing more than a pattern of under-$10,000 cash deposits.”The abuse of the IRS structuring enforcement power is taking a real toll on small business owners. In 2014, The New York Times reported on the story about a woman from Iowa who runs a small, cash-only Mexican-restaurant. In 2013, IRS agents showed up at her restaurant and seized $33,000 from her, citing claims that she had violated the structuring policy.Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.comBig Government, Economics, administrative state, irs, taxes








The alleged invasion occurred on Monday around 9 pm. According to WPXI, the 51-year-old resident “heard someone rummaging around on the first floor of his home.” He grabbed a gun and went downstairs, where he found 56-year-old Darrell Bettis. The homeowner ordered Bettis to the ground, at which time police say “Bettis charged at the man and struck him with a crowbar.”The two men struggled before the resident shot Bettis, striking him in the thigh.Bettis was transported to a hospital in stable condition. Police said he faces charges of “aggravated assault, burglary and criminal mischief.” He will be placed in the Allegheny County Jail once the hospital releases him.The homeowner received treatment for a head wound from the crowbar.AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.2nd Amendment, Big Government, Law Enforcement, Crowbar, Home Invasion, Pittsburgh, Second Amendment, Self-Defense








The video opens with Stewart sitting behind the stand with the gun lying by pitchers of lemonade and packages of cookies. He says he bought the gun from a private seller, and universal background checks are needed so that “terrorists, people on the terrorist watch list, and felons” cannot privately purchase “a military-quality weapon.”He offers the gun for sale for $700 but says he will take $100 off the price if a would-be buyer agrees to undergo a background check first. Stewart then sits for a little over 48 minutes so the cameras can catch the ah-ha moment: the private sale of a gun at a lemonade stand.It never happens. Moreover, WKRN reports that no one bought his lemonade or cookies either.Live on Union at a lemonade/AK-47 sale! https://t.co/BUjzVeBB6u— TN House Democrats (@TNDemocrats) April 5, 2017A few points need to be made. First, when Stewart suggests that the passage of yet another law will prevent felons from acquiring guns, he is suggesting universal background checks can do what all other gun laws have failed to do — that they can curtail the criminal drive of felons who are willing to break laws to obtain firearms. In so doing, he ignores the fact that felons already face a 100 percent ban on gun possession.Secondly, when Stewart suggests universal background checks will keep terrorists from acquiring guns, he ignores the fact that France has universal background checks, yet the terrorists who attacked Charlie Hebdo headquarters and killed 12 innocents on January 7, 2015, were heavily armed. And on November 13, 2015, universal background checks did not prevent terrorists from gunning down 130 innocents in cold blood during a concert in Paris.Lastly, Stewart suggests universal background checks will keep “people on the terror watch list” from getting guns. Democrats who make this argument ignore the fact that the June 12, 2016, terror attack at Orlando Pulse was carried out by someone who was not on the terror watch list. And the attackers who killed 14 co-workers in San Bernardino on December 2, 2015, were not on the list either.So what happens when you pass a new law to include the watch list, yet latent terrorists (i.e., would-be terrorists with no criminal or mental health record) legally acquire guns and use those guns on innocents? What new laws will Stewart want to place on the backs of law-abiding citizens then?AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.2nd Amendment, Big Government, AK-47, Democratic caucus, gun control, lemonade stand, Rep. Mike Stewart, terrorism, universal background checks








The  legislation — HB 36 — was sponsored by state Rep. Lynn Greer (R-Rogersville).According to the Decatur Daily, Greer’s HB-36 “provides that a person is not criminally liable for using physical force, including deadly force, in self-defense or in defense of another person on the premises of a church under certain conditions, including when the force is used against someone attempting to commit physical injury, robbery or a sex crime at the church.”Greer stressed that HB 36 “does not force churches to do anything,” meaning that churches are not forced to put individuals through a special training process before they can be part of an armed security team. He said, “Our Stand Your Ground laws don’t require training to protect your home and your family.”He cited lack of finances as another reason for not requiring a special training course for law-abiding citizens armed in church. The cost of such a course would immediately price some churches out of getting a security team, thereby leaving them vulnerable to an attack like the one that occurred in Charleston, South Carolina, on June 17, 2015.State Rep. James Buskey (D-Mobile) said, “If they aren’t going to go through training, why would we give them immunity?”It is interesting to note that Alabama already has a stand-your-ground law for law-abiding residents who must use deadly force to protect their lives and the lives of their families. Like Greer’s HB 36, the current law does not require special training before an individual exercises his or her natural right to self-defense.Greer’s bill now goes to the Senate.AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.2nd Amendment, Big Government, Faith, Alabama, Church Defense, Rep. Lynn Greer, Second Amendment, Self-Defense, Stand Your Ground








Researcher Lydia Anderson of the National Center for Family and Marriage Research at Bowling Green State University compared U.S. Census data from 1980 with the most recent American Community Survey data from 2015.Comparing 25- to 34-year-olds in 1980 with the same age group today, Anderson found that far fewer millennials are married, live away from their parents, have children of their own, or own their own houses than the baby boomers of the same age group the year Ronald Reagan was elected president.In 1980, for example, more than two-thirds (68 percent) of 25- to 34-year-olds were already married, whereas in 2015, just two in five millennials (41 percent) in the same age group were married. Only 20 percent of baby boomers of these ages had never been married, while more than half (53 percent) of millennials have never married.In simple terms, in 1980 a majority of baby boomers were married, while in 2015, a majority of millennials have never married, the study found:Anderson considers early baby boomers to be those U.S. citizens born between 1945 and 1955, while early millennials refers to those born between 1980 and 1990.Other common indicators of adulthood followed suit, Anderson found, such as what the study termed “residential independence,” or living away from one’s parents or grandparents.In the intervening 35 years from 1980 to 2015, the share of young adults still living with parents or grandparents more than doubled, from nine percent in 1980 to 22 percent in 2015. While 59 percent of young adults in 2015 lived in independent households, the figure was 84 percent in 1980, or a full 25 percent more:Home ownership follows a similar pattern. A majority (60 percent) of young adults in 1980 owned their own homes, while in 2015, less than half of young adults (43 percent) were homeowners.A final indicator of adulthood, which Anderson describes as “living with a biological child,” revealed a similar difference, although in this case it was somewhat less striking.In 1980, more than two-thirds (68 percent) of young adults aged 25-34 lived with their biological children, while the figure was just over half (55 percent) for adults of the same age in 2015.Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsromeBig Government, Marriage, adulthood, Baby Boomers, Bowling Green State University, Lydia Anderson, marriage, Millennials, National Center for Family and Marriage Research








Republicans resorted to the party-line 52-48 vote after weeks of wrangling over Gorsuch’s nomination in which Senate Democrats threatened the first partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in American history. After the Democrats assembled the forty-one votes needed to prevent the end of debate under current rules, the constitutional option allowing cloture on a simple majority became the only remaining path to placing Gorsuch on the Court.Vice-President Mike Pence, who would have been needed to break a tie should any two Republicans have voted to maintain the 60-vote cloture rule, was not present for the vote, indicating Republican confidence their entire caucus would agree to the change.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) moved for a point of order after his first attempt to invoke cloture failed with only 55 votes. From the podium, he cited the need to “restore Senate norms” in light of the Democrats’ “unprecedented partisan filibuster” of a Supreme Court nominee.McConnell invoked the precedent of Senate Democrats’ own change to same simple majority cloture rule for all presidential nominees but those to the Supreme Court in 2013 in calling for an override of the Senate chair’s determination sixty votes were needed for cloture. That appeal passed on a party-line 52-48 vote.Thursday’s historic move harmonized Senate rules, removing the possibility of minority filibusters of Supreme Court nominees. Given the reluctance, in the past, for either party to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee with majority support, the constitutional option restored, as a practical matter, traditional Senate custom in this area.A successful cloture vote quickly followed the rule change. The 55-45 vote began a thirty hour countdown to a vote of the full Senate. Judge Gorsuch is, therefore, slated for the final vote on his confirmation no later than seven o’clock Friday evening. All 52 Republicans and three Democrats are expected to vote for his confirmation, allowing him to replace Antonin Scalia as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.Big Government, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, cloture, Judge Neil Gorsuch, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, partisan filibuster, SCOTUS, Senate confirmation, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Vice President Mike Pence








He said he was doing so after several “leftwing activist groups” filed false accusations against him with the Office of Congressional Ethics, but that he would stand aside from the Russia investigation until it is resolved.He said in a statement he was temporarily handing over the investigation to committee members Rep. Mike Conaway (R-TX), Trey Gowdy (R-SC) and Tom Rooney (R-FL). Gowdy led a congressional investigation into the September 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi.House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) said he continued to have trust in Nunes.“Devin Nunes has earned my trust over many years for his integrity and dedication to the critical work that the intelligence community does to keep America safe. He continues to have that trust, and I know he is eager to demonstrate to the Ethics Committee that he has followed all proper guidelines and laws,” he said.“In the meantime, it is clear that this process would be a distraction for the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russian interference in our election. Chairman Nunes has offered to step aside as the lead Republican on this probe, and I fully support this decision,” he said. “Chairman Mike Conaway, a senior member of the Committee, will now lead this investigation in the House. I am confident that he will oversee a professional investigation into Russia’s actions and follow the facts wherever they lead.”The accusations come after Nunes last month announced he saw evidence that members of President Trump’s transition team had their names “unmasked” — or revealed — during the course of U.S. intelligence surveillance on foreign targets.Unmasking refers to revealing the identities of Americans who are otherwise protected from having their identities known when they are incidentally caught up in surveillance.A private conversation held between Trump’s then-incoming National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was illegally leaked to the Washington Post in February.Earlier this week, blogger Mike Cernovich, Bloomberg View, and Fox News revealed it was former Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice who had requested the unmasking.Rice did not deny doing so, but said it was not politically motivated and denied leaking anything.“I leaked nothing to nobody,” she said Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports.”“The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes. That is absolutely false. I was the national security advisor. My job is to protect the American people and the security of our country,” she said.Nunes’ full statement:“Several leftwing activist groups have filed accusations against me with the Office of Congressional Ethics. The charges are entirely false and politically motivated, and are being leveled just as the American people are beginning to learn the truth about the improper unmasking of the identities of U.S. citizens and other abuses of power.“Despite the baselessness of the charges, I believe it is in the best interests of the House Intelligence Committee and the Congress for me to have Representative Mike Conaway, with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney, temporarily take charge of the Committee’s Russia investigation while the House Ethics Committee looks into this matter. I will continue to fulfill all my other responsibilities as Committee Chairman, and I am requesting to speak to the Ethics Committee at the earliest possible opportunity in order to expedite the dismissal of these false claims.” Big Government, National Security, 2016 presidential elections, Devin Nunes, House Intell, House Intellige, Office of Congressional Ethics, Rep. Devin Nunes (R.-Calif.), Susan Rice, U.S. intelligence surveillance








During an interview on Thursday’s “Kilmeade & Friends” on Fox News Radio, Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) responded to a question on whether he thought Susan Rice committed a crime by stating, “Yeah. I think she did something that’s devastating, and that is to take top secret information without a warrant for looking at an American individual, and exposed that individual, and then perhaps be associated with people who may have leaked this information.”Rand said that Rice “did something terribly damaging to the country because we can’t allow — you know, the intelligence community loses a lot of credibility when we find out it’s being politicized. And so, there are dangers really to having political people use top secret information for political purposes. And I think the more we learn about Susan Rice, the more we’re going to learn that she’s been involved, I think, in a lot of shenanigans with using intelligence at the White House for political purposes.”When asked if he thought Rice “committed a crime?” He answered, “Yeah. I think she did something that’s devastating, and that is to take top secret information without a warrant for looking at an American individual, and exposed that individual, and then perhaps be associated with people who may have leaked this information.”He continued, “But you can’t have the executive branch of government listening in on conversations. Think about it, if a US senator is talking to the ambassador to Jordan or to Israel, should the executive branch, the president, be allowed to listen to private conversations between Senators and heads of state? This is what happened. There were senators and congressmen talking to Netanyahu about a year or so ago, and the White House was listening in on these too. This is a real problem. This is why we need overall reform in how much data is gathered, and I think to unmask an American is something we should obey the Constitution with. Now we have a lower standard for eavesdropping on foreigners, but for eavesdropping on legislators, one, that shouldn’t happen, because there should be a separation of powers and protection of each branch of government’s powers. But two, if you want to look at an American or listen to an American’s phone call, they should go through a regular court and ask a regular judge to listen to it. Having political people, who have been known to be partisans, and very, very biased like Susan Rice, you can’t let those — those people shouldn’t have the ability to look at American’s phone calls.”Rand added that “The FISA court is a secret court. So, one of the problems with a secret court is, you don’t get a lawyer on your side. There’s only a lawyer on one side. It’s a one-sided court, which is a problem. The other problem is that it’s in secret. Now you could say, well we’ll accept a lower standard for spying on foreigners, and even the privacy advocate that I am, I can accept a somewhat of a lower standard for foreigners, but when they’re talking to Americans, to listen to the Americans or to unmask the Americans I think you ought to go to a regular court and have a regular court order or warrant.”Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchettBreitbart TV, Rand Paul, Susan Rice








Tuesday at her weekly briefing, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) said President Donald Trump’s proposed wall on the U.S.-Mexico border was “an insult to our hemisphere.”Pelosi said, “I think the wall is ineffective. It’s an immorality really, an insult to our hemisphere. And I hope that we don’t have that. Do we have the responsibility to protect our border? Yes, every country does. Can we do that using technology and our customs authorities and the rest of that? Sure. A wall? No. So I would hope they wouldn’t try that.”Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBorder, Breitbart TV, Donald Trump, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D.-Calif.)








Nunes’ announcement came as the House Ethics Committee released a statement disclosing that the committee was investigating public allegations that Nunes made unauthorized disclosure of classified documents.“This was a coordinated attack by left-wing groups against Nunes,” the source said. “As the Ethics Committee does its inquiry, he could not have other Republican committee members constantly having to defend him instead of focusing on the Russia investigation and particularly the abuse of intelligence through the improper unmasking of Americans’ names for political purposes.”Nunes was not pushed by House Republican leadership to recuse himself, but it was not helpful to have other Republicans, notably Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) join Democrats in questioning his motives and competence.Sunday, McCain told Martha Raddatz on ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos” Nunes was hindering congressional efforts to determine how the Russians interfered in the 2016 election cycle, when he communicated with the White House about information he gathered from a whistle blower with informing Democrats on his committee. “If we’re really going to get to the bottom of these things, it’s got to be done in a bipartisan fashion. And as far as I could tell, Congressman Nunes killed that.”The Los Angeles Times reported March 22 that Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), top Democrat on the the Intel Committee told the paper:Schiff said he raised his concerns directly with Nunes after the Republican disclosed new information publicly and then to the White House. He stopped short of saying whether Nunes was improperly making classified information public, saying instead that his actions were “beyond irregular.”Nunes’ actions further demonstrated the need for an independent inquiry into Russia’s actions during the campaign, Schiff said.“We’re the only investigation there is. If we don’t do it, no one is going to do it,” Schiff said. “Now, perhaps the White House would like it that way. But the American people, I think, want there to be a credible investigation. And if we’re not going to conduct it, then we need to have an independent commission do it.”The recusal is temporary and as soon as possible, the chairman intends to resume full control of the committee as soon as the House Ethics Committee resolves the charges made by left-wing groups, the source said.The source said Nunes hopes the Ethics Committee will work on his case during the Easter recess so the investigation can be wrapped up as soon as possible.Capitol Hill conservatives are now watching to see if Nunes will also recuse himself from the probe into former national security adviser Susan Rice.Big Government, Capitol Hill, House Democrats, House Ethics Committee, House Republican Leadership, martha raddatz, Rep. Adam Schiff, Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA), Sen John McCain, Sen. Lindsey Graham








A Marine veteran warns Donald Trump that he is being “duped” on Syria and that the vast majority of the president’s supporters will not endorse regime change.Veterans and alt-right turn against @RealDonaldTrump over suggestions of U.S. military action on Syria. An example: pic.twitter.com/mhqGfyJRWm— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 6, 2017 Trump said today that he was considering military intervention in response to a chemical weapons attack in Idlib province, while Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said “steps are underway” to create an international coalition to topple Bashar Al-Assad.Former Marine Angelo John Gage, who served two tours in Iraq, took to Twitter to warn Trump that he was being deceived.Asserting that Trump was cozying up to the same media and the deep state that has tried to destroy him at every turn, Gage said he voted for Trump “to make America great again, not make the Middle East great again.”“We have no interest in Syria….we have to focus on our own country and you’re being distracted and duped – it’s so obvious – it’s blatantly obvious how ridiculous this narrative is and how fake it is,” said Gage.“They lied about your taxes, they lied about Russian collusion, they lied about DNC rigging, they lied about everything and you’re falling for this – now they’re telling the truth about Syria, magically just for you,” he added.“A lot of us voted for you because you’re supposed to be the ‘no war’ candidate – Hillary would have gotten us to war, you know that – yet here you are four months into your administration and you want to consider military action?” asked Gage.The vet went on to question why Trump immediately chose to trust the same intelligence sources who have repeatedly lied in the past about weapons of mass destruction.“You work for us, Mr. President – we voted for you because you were supposed to take care of us – none of us want to go to Syria….even if it was true it has nothing to do with us,” added Gage, opining that the jihadist rebels were the likely culprits behind the gas attack.“You should know better, you’re supposed to be the strategic mastermind, but you’re falling for the dumbest thing I’ve ever seen – be smart, do the right thing and put America first,” he concluded.Gage’s rant is in line with sympathies held by active duty and military veterans before Barack Obama’s 2013 threat to invade Syria when the United States came perilously close to embroiling itself in yet another disastrous attempt at regime change.Back then, servicemembers posted images on social media vowing that they would not act as “Al-Qaeda’s air force” to help jihadists capture the country.SUBSCRIBE on YouTube: Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71*********************Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.








Infowars’ David Knight and Lee Ann McAdoo break down the Sarin gas attack in Syria and how the Trump administration is being pressured to further intervene in the country.








U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson announced Thursday that “steps are underway” to remove Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power.Tillerson, responding to comments surrounding allegations that the Syrian government carried out a chemical weapons attack Tuesday, confirmed to reporters at a Florida news conference that an international coalition would soon be organized.Rex Tillerson says “steps are underway” to remove Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power https://t.co/HzlO21Ma9s— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) April 6, 2017 Doubling down on his comments, Tillerson added that there seems to be “no role” for Assad in the future of Syria and is considering an “appropriate response” with President Trump.“Assad’s role in the future is uncertain clearly, and with the acts that he has taken it would seem that there would be no role for him to govern the Syrian people,” Tillerson said.The available intelligence, Tillerson claimed, leaves “no doubt” that the Syrian government is responsible for the attack. Tillerson also called on the Russian government to rethink its “continued support of the Assad regime.”“And we think its time that the Russians really need to think carefully about their continued support of the Assad regime,” Tillerson said.Tillerson on Assad: “Clearly with the acts that he has taken it would seem there would be no role for him to govern the Syrian people.” pic.twitter.com/Nr5BcHJmz1— ABC News (@ABC) April 6, 2017Tillerson on Assad: “Clearly with the acts that he has taken it would seem there would be no role for him to govern the Syrian people.” pic.twitter.com/Nr5BcHJmz1— ABC News (@ABC) April 6, 2017 More than 70 civilians, including numerous children, were killed in the country’s northern region from the Sarin gas attack.Critics of further intervention into the country are pointing both to Trump’s prior comments on Syria, in which he repeatedly called for President Obama to steer clear of the conflict, and to concerns that the attack needs proper investigation to confirm the perpetrator.Trump on Wednesday told reports that the attack has drastically changed his view toward Syria and its president.“I will tell you that attack on children yesterday had a big impact on me, big impact,” Trump said. “My attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed very much… You’re now talking about a whole different level.”








The recent gas attack blamed on the Syrian government is a false flag, says Dilbert creator Scott Adams.“I’m going to call bullshit on the gas attack. It’s too ‘on-the-nose,’ as Hollywood script-writers sometimes say, meaning a little too perfect to be natural,” he said. “This has the look of a manufactured event.”“My guess is that President Trump knows this smells fishy, but he has to talk tough anyway.”Adams pointed out that Syrian President Assad, who’s finally regaining territory from ISIS after six years of bloodshed, has absolutely nothing to gain from launching a gas attack which his political enemies in Saudi Arabia and the West could use to justify his overthrow and execution.“Assad – who has been fighting for his life for several years, and is only lately feeling safer – suddenly decided to commit suicide-by-Trump,” he added. “Because the best way to make that happen is to commit a war crime against your own people in exactly the way that would force President Trump to respond or else suffer humiliation at the hands of the mainstream media.”“And how about those pictures coming in about the tragedy. Lots of visual imagery. Dead babies.”Adams also said the “attack” was suspiciously similar to the fake WMD stories coming out of Iraq before Bush’s 2003 invasion, and the gas attack itself, which occurred in a war-zone with little to no press, was too well-documented with video and photos.“So how does a Master Persuader [Trump] respond to a fake war crime? He does it with a fake response, if he’s smart,” he concluded. “The longer he drags things out, the less power the story will have on the public… we’ll be wondering for weeks when those bombs will start hitting Damascus, and Trump will continue to remind us that he doesn’t talk about military options.”Former congressman Ron Paul drew a similar conclusion.“It looks like maybe somebody didn’t like that so there had to be an episode,” said Paul, asking, “who benefits?”“It doesn’t make any sense for Assad under these conditions to all of a sudden use poison gases – I think there’s zero chance he would have done this deliberately.”His son, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), reminded President Trump he was against military action in Syria in 2013 when Obama demanded the overthrow of Assad.At the time, Trump wrote “what will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.”What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 29, 2013Sen. Paul dug up that tweet, commenting “this remains true today as it was in 2013. Both parts.”This remains true today as it was in 2013. Both parts. https://t.co/sRQkcZ0oDI— Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) April 6, 2017As Infowars reported on Wednesday, the White Helmets, a al-Qaeda affiliated group funded by George Soros and the British government, reportedly staged the sarin attack on civilians in the Syrian city of Khan Shaykhun to lay blame on the Syrian government.“Unsurprisingly, the mainstream media and neo-con politicians have been quick to regurgitate the al-Qaeda-linked rebels version of the events before any investigation takes place,” reported Mimi Al-Laham.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RealKitDanielsTwitter: Follow @KitDaniels1776MORE Videos: Resistance News








Britain’s Tommy Robinson saw a Tweet saying, “Please someone just murder Tommy Robinson” and decided to look up the Twitter user’s personal information.Within fifteen minutes Robinson had the young man’s name, school and address.Tommy has received many similar threats over the years and has reported around three hundred cases to the authorities, but not once have they ever responded to him.Due to the negligence of the local authorities, Tommy decided to take the matter into his own hands and confront the man in person.








With the President now reportedly considering military action in Syria, Donald Trump needs to take his own advice from four years ago, when in a series of tweets Trump warned Obama about the insanity of attempting to topple Bashar Al-Assad.Neo-cons and the establishment media have rapaciously exploited the tragic chemical weapons incident in Idlib to push for a military intervention that could re-ignite a war that is almost over – with ISIS being chased from cities across the country as the prospect of peace emerges for the first time since 2011.Before the chemical weapons attack has even been investigated, and with previous incidents having been carried out by jihadist rebels, Trump is signaling that he may be about to embroil the United States in another potential Middle Eastern quagmire.“President Trump has told some members of Congress that he is considering military action in Syria in retaliation for this week’s chemical attack and recognizes the seriousness of the situation, a source familiar with the calls tells CNN.”This completely contradicts Trump’s attitude towards Syria just four years ago when, faced with the exact same situation, Barack Obama seemed to be on the verge of attempting regime change.In one September 5, 2013 all-caps rant, Trump tweeted, “AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA – IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!”AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA – IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2013AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA – IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2013 “Don’t attack Syria – an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!” Trump tweeted four days later.Don't attack Syria – an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 9, 2013Don't attack Syria – an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 9, 2013 During the presidential campaign, Trump also bashed Hillary Clinton for her disastrous foreign policy, tweeting, “Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!”Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 21, 2016Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 21, 2016 The interventions in Libya and Syria already caused the rise of ISIS and the displacement of millions of people, many of whom flooded into Europe, creating further problems.Americans didn’t vote for Trump because they wanted him to follow the same catastrophic foreign policy of aiding jihadists favored by neo-cons, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama – a policy that was soundly rejected by members of the U.S. military who said they would refuse to act as “Al-Qaeda’s air force” back in 2013.SUBSCRIBE on YouTube: Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71*********************Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.








In her own words #DirtyRice Susan Rice claims she knew nothing about the unmasking of Trump transition team names in blanket NSA collection.








New Jersey officers arrested a suspect in a malicious wounding case at a Central Virginia gas station off Interstate 95 that left one man bloodied, and his boat and Porsche damaged.Members of the Essex County, N.J. Sheriff’s Office, Fugitive Unit, arrested 26-year-old Angela Jones Wednesday in connection with the April 1 assault at the Carmel Church Exxon station located on Route 207, near I-95, in Caroline County.Witnesses described seeing who they believed to be Jones, use a hammer to inflict damage to a 2016 Porsche S.U.V. and a boat being towed by the S.U.V. in the parking lot of the Exxon station.Jones, according to officials, attacked the owner of the S.U.V. and the boat while allegedly referring to him as “rich” and “white.”Read more








Senator Rand Paul has urged the President to stick to the position on Syria that he espoused before taking office – that military intervention will do more harm than good.The Senator retweeted a tweet from Trump posted in August of 2013, when a similar chemical weapon attack to this week’s was blamed on the Syrian government.At the Time Trump tweeted “What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.”What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 29, 2013While he condemned the reported attacks in the Syrian city of Idlib, Paul noted that what Trump wrote “remains true today as it was in 2013. Both parts.”This remains true today as it was in 2013. Both parts. https://t.co/sRQkcZ0oDI— Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) April 6, 2017At the time, Trump made his feelings clear after hundreds were killed in the attack, and the Obama administration was on the verge of taking military action.President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more important) day!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 7, 2013With this week’s atrocity in Syria, it seems Trump may be changing his stance however.The president said on Wednesday that the attack “crossed a lot of lines for me” and that his “attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed very much.”After saying last week that it was up to the Syrian people, rather than outsiders to decide what to do about Assad, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he now believes that Russia needs to reconsider its support of the Assad regime.In a further interview with Fox & Friends Wednesday, Senator Paul reminded viewers that the support provided by the US government to Syrian rebels in the past has led directly to the current situation in Syria.Sen. @RandPaul calls for Susan Rice's testimony https://t.co/PIkYorM9qM— FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 5, 2017“I think it’s also important to note that on the rebel side that McCain wants to support, are radical Islamists who hate America and hate Israel. And I don’t want to support people who hate our country.” Paul noted.“I don’t want to support people who say when they’re done with Assad they are going to attack Israel and not ISIS. So it’s a complicated situation. And it may be — may well be a war that has no friends in it. And that makes it a difficult position to watch.” the Senator added.“But I think also we have actually allowed the situation by pushing Assad back and being part of that. We allowed a vacuum to let ISIS fill that — that’s been a mistake.” Paul urged.








An immigration reform organization has called on the IRS to revoke the 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status of the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), alleging the far-left “hate-monitoring” organization directly campaigned against then-candidate Donald Trump.The Immigration Reform Law Institute, the legal affiliate of the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR), filed the complaint with the Internal Revenue Service alleging the SPLC violated its tax-exempt status by directly campaigning against Trump on more than 50 occasions during the 2016 presidential election.“The SPLC used politically charged language in its publications and statements as well as linked publications in a blatant effort to stir opposition for prospective Republican presidential candidates and the eventual Republican nominee and influence the electoral decisions of voters nationwide,” FAIR said in a press release.Specifically, the lawsuit focused on two publications released by the SPLC: “Hatewatch,” which is described as a program that “monitors and exposes the activities of the American radical right,” and a “periodical monitoring the radical right” called “Intelligence Report.”On July 6, 2016, the Intelligence Report published a thirteen-page report entitled “Hate in the Race,” and subtitled, “A remarkable level of vitriol has characterized the Republican contest for president.” The article contained at least 41 negative statements attacking Donald Trump or his campaign staff and supporters, and fourteen statements attacking then-candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz.On May 11, 2016, Hatewatch released an article entitled “Donald Trump’s Continuing White Nationalist Problem,” which attempted to link Donald Trump to what the SPLC considered “white nationalists.”On May 6, 2016, after Donald Trump was declared the presumptive Republican nominee, Hatewatch published an article entitled “Right-Wing Extremists Hail the Ascension of ‘Emperor Trump’ as GOP Nominee.”“To vindicate itself as a fair and balanced agency, the IRS must strip the SPLC of its privileged tax-exempt status,” Dale Wilcox, general counsel of the Immigration Reform Law Institute, said in an interview with Breitbart. “Their attacks on the President during his campaign were some of the most egregious I’ve ever seen.”Wilcox suggested the SPLC can afford to pay taxes as the organization is “hoarding over $300 million in donor contributions.”








North Korea has become a trigger point for a major global nuclear conflict between the West, China, and Russia, which could result in WW3, says survival expert Joel Skousen.“It’s very convenient to have a war start with a crazy man because even Russia and China can say ‘Hey we don’t control this guy, it’s not our fault,’” Skousen said on The Alex Jones Show Wednesday. “They want this war, they want the U.S. attacked.”Skousen had long predicted that WW3 may be postponed for the next decade to due Russia and China’s lack of military readiness, but he has recently modified this prediction.“Just because the rhetoric is heating up so much about preemptively stopping North Korea, that it could trigger World War 3 earlier,” he said.“In fact, I’m worried that they may want to blame this war on Trump,” he added. “For the first time, I’m worried that my timetable may be accelerated because of Trump being in office, because he could be the one to take preemptive action and it could start World War 3.”“They will try to precipitate this strike before the end of the Trump administration so they can blame him on it.”It’s worth noting that recently appointed National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster and Deputy National Security Advisor K.T. McFarland are both “rabid neocons” that are now running the National Security Council, Skousen said.“By the way, they just demanded that Steve Bannon be taken off that council because they didn’t want someone loyal to Trump hearing their deliberations,” he pointed out. “This is very much an insider neocon outfit that’s going to drive us toward war.”Additionally, McFarland’s comments that the U.S. can convince North Korea to step down from its nuclear capability shouldn’t be taken seriously, Skousen said.“We’ve done that three times before,” he said. “And when we’ve had a treaty, every time they backed out of it, denying international inspectors and cheated on the treaty, but we keep fulfilling our part of it.”President Trump is set to meet Chinese President Xin Jinping at Mar-a-Lago Thursday and Friday to discuss strategies for deescalating tensions in the Korean peninsula.








According to former Congressman Ron Paul, the chemical weapons attack in Khan Sheikhoun that killed 30 children and has led to calls for the Trump administration to intervene in Syria could have been a false flag attack.Pointing out that the prospect of peace in Syria was moving closer before the attack, with ISIS and Al-Qaeda on the run, Paul said the attack made no sense.“It looks like maybe somebody didn’t like that so there had to be an episode,” said Paul, asking, “who benefits?”“It doesn’t make any sense for Assad under these conditions to all of a sudden use poison gases – I think there’s zero chance he would have done this deliberately,” said Paul.The former Congressman went on to explain how the incident was clearly being exploited by neo-cons and the deep state to enlist support for war.“It’s the neo-conservatives who are benefiting tremendously from this because it’s derailed the progress that has already been made moving toward a more peaceful settlement in Syria,” said Paul.Many have questioned why Assad would be so strategically stupid as to order a chemical weapons attack and incite the wrath of the world given that he is closer than ever to winning the war against ISIS and jihadist rebels.Just five days before the attack, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said, “The longer-term status of President Assad will be decided by the Syrian people,” implying a definite shift in U.S. foreign policy away from regime change in Syria.Why would Assad put such assurances in jeopardy by launching a horrific chemical attack, allowing establishment news outlets like CNN to once against use children as props to push for yet another massive war in the Middle East?In addition, the last time the deep state attempted to exploit a chemical weapons attack to launch military strikes on Assad’s government, the incident was later proven not to have been the work of the Syrian government.The narrative for the August 2013 attack in Ghouta, which Barack Obama cited as the pretext for a long awaited U.S. attack on government targets in aid of jihadist rebels, completely collapsed after it emerged that the casualties were the result of an accident caused by rebels mishandling chemical weapons provided to them by Saudi Arabia.The United Nations’ Carla Del Ponte also said that evidence suggested rebels had used sarin nerve gas.As journalist Seymour Hersh reported in December 2013, intelligence officials told him that the entire narrative was a “ruse” and that “the attack was not the result of the current regime.”Hersh also revealed how then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was instrumental in approving the transportation of Libyan chemical weapons stockpiles to be handed to jihadist rebels in Syria.It’s particularly rich to see the same establishment media who were responsible for peddling fake news about “moderate rebels” for years now pushing the same agenda for another giant, endless, bloody war in the Middle East while acting like they have the moral high ground by exploiting images of dead and dying children.The Obama administration’s intervention in Syria led directly to the refugee crisis and the rise of ISIS.If the Trump administration falls into the trap of following that same disastrous policy, many more innocent people will die than those who sadly lost their lives in Khan Sheikhoun.SUBSCRIBE on YouTube: Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71*********************Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.








German Chancellor Angela Merkel has apparently decided she’s not willing to take the chance of becoming the latest politician to fall victim to the same “Russian hacking” and “fake news” campaigns which ‘undoubtedly’ caused the downfall of America’s liberal darling, Hillary Clinton (forget those pay-for-play scandals, federal record retention violations and willful non-compliance with Congressional subpeonas…total non-factors in the 2016 election).  And since they can’t really control the actions of those pesky ‘Russian hackers,” Germany’s cabinet has instead decided to pass legislation that would impose serious fines of up to 50 million Euros on any social networks that fail to swiftly remove content that could be deemed “hateful” or “fake news.”  Per Yahoo News:
Germany’s Cabinet on Wednesday approved a new bill that punishes social networking sites if they fail to swiftly remove illegal content such as hate speech or defamatory fake news.
Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Cabinet agreed on rules that would impose fines of up to 50 million euros (53.4 million dollars) on Facebook, Twitter and other social media platforms.German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said that the companies offering such online platforms are responsible for removing hateful content. He said the new bill would not restrict the freedom of expression, but intervene only when criminal hatred or intentionally false news are posted.Of course, all of this begs the question of exactly how German officials define “fake news” as the lines between what is pure ‘fact’ versus ‘opinion’ often grow very blurred in politics.  Moreover, politicians themselves are often the biggest purveyors of “fake news”…so if someone quotes the erroneous comments of a German politician on FaceBook is the social network then liable?  All questions that would have seemed silly just a year ago…Nevertheless, German Justice Minister Heiko Maas is convinced that “verbal radicalization” of snowflakes over twitter and Facebook is often a precursor to “physical violence.”
Social networks need to ensure that obviously criminal content — as defined by German law — will be deleted within 24 hours and other illegal content after seven days.
“Just like on the streets, there is also no room for criminal incitement on social networks,” Maas said.“The internet affects the culture of debate and the atmosphere in our society. Verbal radicalization is often a preliminary stage to physical violence,” he added.
Social networks need to ensure that obviously criminal content — as defined by German law — will be deleted within 24 hours and other illegal content after seven days.
“Just like on the streets, there is also no room for criminal incitement on social networks,” Maas said.“The internet affects the culture of debate and the atmosphere in our society. Verbal radicalization is often a preliminary stage to physical violence,” he added.But nevermind the actual ‘radicalization’ occurring in migrant communities throughout Europe at the moment…that is also just “fake news.”As we noted last week, Assemblyman Ed Chau (D-Monterey Park) recently introduced a similar piece of legislation in California, the so-called “California Political Cyberfraud Abatement Act” or AB 1104 for short, that would have effectively made it a crime to be wrong on the Internet.  The text of the bill implicated anyone who writes, publishes or even shares news stories that could be false, if those news stories are later found to have had an impact on an election.  From the bill:
This bill would modify the definition of the terms “political cyberfraud” and “political Web site” to include Internet Web sites that urge or appear to urge the support or opposition of candidates for public office. The bill would also make it unlawful for a person to knowingly and willingly make, publish or circulate on a Web site, or cause to be made, published, or circulated in any writing posted on a Web site, a false or deceptive statement designed to influence the vote on any issue submitted to voters at an election or on any candidate for election to public office.
This bill would modify the definition of the terms “political cyberfraud” and “political Web site” to include Internet Web sites that urge or appear to urge the support or opposition of candidates for public office. The bill would also make it unlawful for a person to knowingly and willingly make, publish or circulate on a Web site, or cause to be made, published, or circulated in any writing posted on a Web site, a false or deceptive statement designed to influence the vote on any issue submitted to voters at an election or on any candidate for election to public office.And even though author Ed Chau described AB 1104 as “an important step forward in the fight against ‘fake news’ and deceptive campaign tactics”, the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), a digital-rights advocacy group, said the bill was “so obviously unconstitutional, we had to double check that it was real.” 
Memo to California Assemblymember Ed Chau: you can’t fight fake news with a bad law.
On Tuesday, the California Assembly’s Committee on Privacy and Consumer Affairs, which Chau chairs, will consider A.B. 1104—a censorship bill so obviously unconstitutional, we had to double check that it was real.This bill will fuel a chaotic free-for-all of mudslinging with candidates and others being accused of crimes at the slightest hint of hyperbole, exaggeration, poetic license, or common error. While those accusations may not ultimately hold up, politically motivated prosecutions—or the threat of such—may harm democracy more than if the issue had just been left alone.Furthermore, A.B. 1104 makes no exception for satire and parody, leaving The Onion and Saturday Night Live open to accusations of illegal content. Nor does it exempt news organizations who quote deceptive statements made by politicians in their online reporting—even if their reporting is meant to debunk those claims. And what of everyday citizens who are duped by misleading materials: if 1,000 Californians retweet an incorrect statement by a presidential candidate, have they all broken the law? At a time when political leaders are promoting “alternative facts” and branding unflattering reporting as “fake news,” we don’t think it’s a good idea to give the government more power to punish speech.

Memo to California Assemblymember Ed Chau: you can’t fight fake news with a bad law.
On Tuesday, the California Assembly’s Committee on Privacy and Consumer Affairs, which Chau chairs, will consider A.B. 1104—a censorship bill so obviously unconstitutional, we had to double check that it was real.This bill will fuel a chaotic free-for-all of mudslinging with candidates and others being accused of crimes at the slightest hint of hyperbole, exaggeration, poetic license, or common error. While those accusations may not ultimately hold up, politically motivated prosecutions—or the threat of such—may harm democracy more than if the issue had just been left alone.Furthermore, A.B. 1104 makes no exception for satire and parody, leaving The Onion and Saturday Night Live open to accusations of illegal content. Nor does it exempt news organizations who quote deceptive statements made by politicians in their online reporting—even if their reporting is meant to debunk those claims. And what of everyday citizens who are duped by misleading materials: if 1,000 Californians retweet an incorrect statement by a presidential candidate, have they all broken the law? At a time when political leaders are promoting “alternative facts” and branding unflattering reporting as “fake news,” we don’t think it’s a good idea to give the government more power to punish speech.
But, unlike in Germany, California actually realized how idiotic their bill was before passing it into law…








Forget PizzaGate, international sex trafficking rings are controlled by the elite.In every major pedophile bust involving the ritual abuse of children, the establishment is connected.Is it any wonder the elite has declared war on Trump given that he is cracking down on the pedo cult they operate globally?Please share this CRUCIAL video – https://youtu.be/o1GQehNcZZwSUBSCRIBE on YouTube:Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanetFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71*********************Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.








Hungarian MPs have passed a bill placing tough restrictions on foreign universities but the main target is believed to be the CEU and its billionaire financier founder George Soros.Members of the party, which is led by European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker, have accused Hungary’s ruling Fidesz Party of attacking academic independence and called for the expulsion of its MEPs from the group in retaliation.The English-speaking CEU, which is still partly-funded by Hungarian-born Mr Soros, is ranked among the top 200 universities in the world.But government minister Zoltan Balog said it was “against Hungary’s interests to host experiments, financially supported and evading democratic ‘rules of the game’ in the background, which aim at undermining the lawfully elected government or leadership.”Read more








Leaked documents from George Soros’ Open Society Foundations reveal how Soros works to defeat populist candidates and movements in Europe.Soros, a U.S. citizen, uses a network of nonprofits and partner organizations across Europe to try and affect the outcomes of elections in foreign countries, the documents show.Through advocacy efforts, education campaigns and media influencing projects, Soros does his best to affect electoral outcomes around the globe in support of his open borders worldview.Populist candidates opposed to mass immigration represent a direct threat to that worldview.“The next EU elections might also bring more populists and extremists into the European Parliament, which could undermine all our achievements to date,” one internal OSF document cautioned. The document, marked “confidential,” appears to be from 2013.Read more








Steve Bannon reportedly threatened to resign over clashes with General McMaster, open-borders globalist Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump.From The New York Times:WASHINGTON — For the first 10 weeks of President Trump’s administration, no adviser loomed larger in the public imagination than Stephen K. Bannon, the raw and rumpled former chairman of Breitbart News who considers himself a “virulently anti-establishment” revolutionary out to destroy the “administrative state.”But behind the scenes, White House officials said, the ideologist who enjoyed the president’s confidence became increasingly embattled as other advisers, including Mr. Trump’s daughter and son-in-law, complained about setbacks on health care and immigration. Lately, Mr. Bannon has been conspicuously absent from some meetings. And now he has lost his seat at the national security table.The setback on healthcare was because the bill sucked. The travel ban was a win in the polls and exposed the insanity of our nation’s activist judges. Becoming a liberal is not the solution.In a move that was widely seen as a sign of changing fortunes, Mr. Trump removed Mr. Bannon, his chief strategist, from the National Security Council’s cabinet-level “principals committee” on Wednesday. The shift was orchestrated by Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, who insisted on purging a political adviser from the Situation Room where decisions about war and peace are made.Mr. Bannon resisted the move, even threatening at one point to quit if it went forward, according to a White House official who, like others, insisted on anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. Mr. Bannon’s camp denied that he had threatened to resign and spent the day spreading the word that the shift was a natural evolution, not a signal of any diminution of his outsize influence.In a move that was widely seen as a sign of changing fortunes, Mr. Trump removed Mr. Bannon, his chief strategist, from the National Security Council’s cabinet-level “principals committee” on Wednesday. The shift was orchestrated by Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, who insisted on purging a political adviser from the Situation Room where decisions about war and peace are made.Mr. Bannon resisted the move, even threatening at one point to quit if it went forward, according to a White House official who, like others, insisted on anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. Mr. Bannon’s camp denied that he had threatened to resign and spent the day spreading the word that the shift was a natural evolution, not a signal of any diminution of his outsize influence.Politico is reporting, with one source, that Rebekah Mercer convinced him to stay:The man credited with honing Donald Trump’s populist message and guiding him into the White House has grown frustrated amid continued infighting in the West Wing, so much so that in recent weeks a top donor had to convince him to stay in his position.Five people, including a senior administration official and several sources close to the president, tell POLITICO that Bannon, one of Trump’s closest advisers, has clashed with the president’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, who’s taken on an increasingly prominent portfolio in the West Wing. Bannon has complained that Kushner and his allies are trying to undermine his populist approach, the sources said.Republican mega-donor Rebekah Mercer, a longtime Bannon confidante who became a prominent Trump supporter during the campaign, urged Bannon not to resign. “Rebekah Mercer prevailed upon him to stay,” said one person familiar with the situation.Another person familiar with the situation, a GOP operative who talks to Mercer, said: “Bekah tried to convince him that this is a long-term play.”…The White House said that Bannon had not taken any steps to leave, and Bannon told POLITICO that any suggestion he threatened to resign was “total nonsense.”The man credited with honing Donald Trump’s populist message and guiding him into the White House has grown frustrated amid continued infighting in the West Wing, so much so that in recent weeks a top donor had to convince him to stay in his position.Five people, including a senior administration official and several sources close to the president, tell POLITICO that Bannon, one of Trump’s closest advisers, has clashed with the president’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, who’s taken on an increasingly prominent portfolio in the West Wing. Bannon has complained that Kushner and his allies are trying to undermine his populist approach, the sources said.Republican mega-donor Rebekah Mercer, a longtime Bannon confidante who became a prominent Trump supporter during the campaign, urged Bannon not to resign. “Rebekah Mercer prevailed upon him to stay,” said one person familiar with the situation.Another person familiar with the situation, a GOP operative who talks to Mercer, said: “Bekah tried to convince him that this is a long-term play.”…The White House said that Bannon had not taken any steps to leave, and Bannon told POLITICO that any suggestion he threatened to resign was “total nonsense.”Steve Bannon is a learned nationalist with a deep understanding of what’s going on in the world. McMaster is a neocon beloved by Bill Kristol and other neocons. Kushner is a 36-year-old open-borders globalist. Ivanka is New York liberal pushing the global warming hoax and the equal pay for equal work myth.#EqualPayDay is a reminder that women deserve equal pay for equal work. We must work to close the gender pay gap! https://t.co/CcwsoBXWdF— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 4, 2017#EqualPayDay is a reminder that women deserve equal pay for equal work. We must work to close the gender pay gap! https://t.co/CcwsoBXWdF— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 4, 2017 Heartbroken and outraged by the images coming out of Syria following the atrocious chemical attack yesterday.— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 5, 2017Heartbroken and outraged by the images coming out of Syria following the atrocious chemical attack yesterday.— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 5, 2017
Right-wing nationalism is not compatible with neoconservatism and open-borders globalism.Trump won the election because he and Bannon working together had a message of right-wing nationalism and putting America first.Starting a war with Syria over a hoax attack which was probably staged by rebel terrorists is completely retarded. While he’s probably being told it will make him a “war president” and could boost his poll numbers and unify the country, this is not the early 2000’s. A gas attack in Syria is not 9/11. There is not going to be any popular support for this war, just as there wasn’t any popular support for Obama’s attempt to further invade Syria in 2013 after another similar, highly questionable gas attack.FLASHBACK: Syrian rebels used Sarin nerve gas, not Assad’s regime: U.N. official https://t.co/weQtgv8LNR— Chris Menahan (@infolibnews) April 5, 2017FLASHBACK: Syrian rebels used Sarin nerve gas, not Assad’s regime: U.N. official https://t.co/weQtgv8LNR— Chris Menahan (@infolibnews) April 5, 2017 Even if the globalist media cheers him on and a few weeks from now becomes his biggest supporters, he’s going to lose his base and many of his most fervent supporters.https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/849770968742453248
The evidence is showing this latest attack is a fraud:"Dead" victim of "sarin gas attack" in Syria opens her eyes. pic.twitter.com/zKjuzAMuwr— Justin Raimondo (@JustinRaimondo) April 5, 2017"Dead" victim of "sarin gas attack" in Syria opens her eyes. pic.twitter.com/zKjuzAMuwr— Justin Raimondo (@JustinRaimondo) April 5, 2017 You don't handle sarin-saturated bodies *without gloves*  – unless you're a Syrian rebel trying to pull off yet another hoax. pic.twitter.com/1ozt68HkK1— Justin Raimondo (@JustinRaimondo) April 5, 2017You don't handle sarin-saturated bodies *without gloves*  – unless you're a Syrian rebel trying to pull off yet another hoax. pic.twitter.com/1ozt68HkK1— Justin Raimondo (@JustinRaimondo) April 5, 2017 Main source for the #Idlib 'sarin gas' story: #alQaeda-linked, deregistered British doctor, Shahjul Islam. #Syria. https://t.co/KQtjGTPxos pic.twitter.com/QJRaDjSOPv— tim anderson (@timand2037) April 5, 2017Main source for the #Idlib 'sarin gas' story: #alQaeda-linked, deregistered British doctor, Shahjul Islam. #Syria. https://t.co/KQtjGTPxos pic.twitter.com/QJRaDjSOPv— tim anderson (@timand2037) April 5, 2017 ‘FALSE FLAG’ — Ron Paul Says Syrian Chemical Attack ‘Makes No Sense’ https://t.co/IuvYgEWc3a pic.twitter.com/OzPMz0WePX— Ron Paul (@RonPaul) April 5, 2017‘FALSE FLAG’ — Ron Paul Says Syrian Chemical Attack ‘Makes No Sense’ https://t.co/IuvYgEWc3a pic.twitter.com/OzPMz0WePX— Ron Paul (@RonPaul) April 5, 2017 Trump needs to take his own advice and stick to fixing the broken U.S.We should stay the hell out of Syria, the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2013We should stay the hell out of Syria, the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2013 If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2013If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2013 AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA – IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2013AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA – IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2013 Don't attack Syria – an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 9, 2013Don't attack Syria – an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 9, 2013








The chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee told Breitbart News that he is very concerned about allegations that Susan Rice, President Barack Obama’s national security adviser, abused her access to intelligence reports that included incidental collection of information about associates of President Donald Trump.“First of all, I don’t know all there is to know about what Susan Rice was doing,” said Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI).Rice is accused of “unmasking” the names of American citizens associated with Trump in intelligence reports. Those names are deliberately cloaked to preserve the constitutional protections against warrantless monitoring enshrined in the 4th Amendment.“What we do know about Susan Rice is you can’t believe what she says, and that is pretty obvious, so we need to get her under oath,” he said.“It doesn’t surprise me in the slightest that the former administration would utilize the awesome power of the government–they did it with Lois Lerner and the IRS, using the IRS as a political weapon against their political opponents,” he said.Read more








Well, that explains the deafening silence from President Obama.All these months, it turns out, it was his right-hand hatchet gal and exposed serial prevaricator Susan Rice who was behind the scenes in his administration working all the levers of the most powerful espionage machine on planet Earth to spy on Mr. Obama’s political enemies.This is jaw-dropping, bombshell information.Not because it reveals Susan “Benghazi was about a video” Rice to be a liar. We already knew that.Not because it exposed the Obama administration as the most nakedly partisan presidency in modern history, willing to use even the most sacred powers of the federal government for political purposes. We already knew that too.What is so astonishing about the revelation that Ms. Rice was the one unmasking Donald Trump and his campaign before, during and after he won the presidency, is that it doesn’t get any closer to Barack Obama himself.Ms. Rice was Mr. Obama’s national security adviser, one of his closest aides. They spoke all the time. She worked directly for him. Here she was spying on Mr. Obama’s political enemies while in daily contact with him at the very height of the most contentious presidential election in memory. You don’t think she and the president discussed this?The revelation that Ms. Rice was the operator behind the spying answers just one question. But it raises a thousand more.Read more








Defying a new Swedish law that prohibits full face coverings at public events, such as political rallies and sports matches, keen football (soccer) fans donned Islamic garments at the game instead.Members of the so-called AIK Ultras, the dedicated fans of Stockholm’s Allmänna Idrottsklubben (AIK) team, also unfurled a giant banner at the match in Sweden Sunday thanking the law for a religious provision loophole.Swedish law specifically bans people in “a public place attending a public meeting under the Public Order Act” if there is a disturbance of the peace, or “immediate danger of such a breach” — making full face coverings generally illegal at football games. Those breaking the law can be fined or imprisoned for up to six months.Yet understanding of particular religious minorities in Sweden means the second paragraph of the face covering law created an exception: “The ban does not apply to covering the face for religious reasons.”La Suède ayant interdit le port de masques et cagoules dans les stades, les ultras portent désormais des niqabs…. dont le port est légal. pic.twitter.com/eYUK2In6Yo— PassionFootball Club (@PassionFootClub) April 4, 2017Speaking to bestselling Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet’s Sportbladet section, Minister of Home Affairs Ygeman said he found the episode “pretty funny” and said the fans clearly had a sense of humour — but said if fans continued to use the religious exception the courts may decide the legal loophole doesn’t apply on a case-by-case basis if they found niqab-wearing men up before them.Read more








Will a false flag chemical attack in Syria’s Idlib province be the trigger that causes World War 3 to erupt in the Middle East?  In Part I of this series, I discussed how previous chemical attacks that were blamed on the Assad regime actually turned out to be false flag attacks conducted by Syrian rebels that were absolutely desperate to draw the United States into the Syrian civil war on their side.  And considering the fact that the Syrian rebels have been consistently losing territory in recent months, they are now more desperate than ever.  So even though it didn’t work before, they probably figured that a false flag chemical attack was worth one more try, and so far the Trump administration appears to be buying it hook, line and sinker.  Trump has called the attack a “terrible affront to humanity”, and he is placing all of the blame on the shoulders of the Assad regime.  But now that Trump has committed the U.S. to take military action in Syria, what is that actually going to look like?According to the Daily Mail, at this point Trump is not giving any hints as to when or where he will strike Syria…He did not want to say in front of the cameras how he plans to respond to the crisis.‘I don’t like to say where I’m going and what I’m doing,’ Trump reminded. ‘I watched past administrations say, “We will attack at such-and- such a day, at such-and-such an hour.’But it isn’t difficult to imagine what Trump may decide to do.  Past presidents have always favored using airstrikes to make a point, and that is what many of the “analysts” on television are recommending.Unfortunately, there would be great risk in targeting Syrian forces, because contingents from Russia, Iran, Hezbollah and elsewhere are mixed in among the Syrian military.So could you imagine what it would do to our relations with Russia if airstrikes against the Syrian military resulted in Russian deaths?…President Trump has several options in Syria, none without great risk. One is military action against Syria’s air force – grounding the helicopters and fixed wing aircraft that are believed to have dropped the deadly agent – and the runways from which they operate. Yes, such strikes risk Russian casualties. But Moscow has consistently blocked U.N. action on Syria but proven unable to contain Mr. Assad’s bad behavior. And President Vladimir Putin would be forewarned. Grounding Syria’s air force, moreover, would help distance Mr. Trump from Mr. Putin, a politically useful benefit at this time.President Trump has several options in Syria, none without great risk. One is military action against Syria’s air force – grounding the helicopters and fixed wing aircraft that are believed to have dropped the deadly agent – and the runways from which they operate. Yes, such strikes risk Russian casualties. But Moscow has consistently blocked U.N. action on Syria but proven unable to contain Mr. Assad’s bad behavior. And President Vladimir Putin would be forewarned. Grounding Syria’s air force, moreover, would help distance Mr. Trump from Mr. Putin, a politically useful benefit at this time.And even if Trump did conduct airstrikes, there would be a limit as to what they could accomplish.  President Assad would still be in power in Syria, and the Syrian government would still be winning the civil war.Trump could potentially send in special forces with the intention of assassinating Assad, but that would not necessarily topple the entire regime.The truth is that the only way to change the outcome of the war and to guarantee regime change would be to send in U.S. ground forces on a large scale.  And just introducing them into the country would not nearly be enough.  In order to end the war, Trump would have to commit to taking and holding Damascus.In Isaiah 17, we are told that someday Damascus will be “taken away from being a city, and it shall be a ruinous heap.”  Much of the city is already a heap of rubble, but if the U.S. were to start conducting a concentrated bombing campaign against the city it is easy to imagine how the entire city could soon come to resemble a “ruinous heap”.Of course the toppling of the Assad regime has been the goal all along.  Back in 2011, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton hatched a plan along with Saudi Arabia and Turkey to use the “Arab Spring” as an excuse to try to remove Assad from power.  Since 74 percent of the population of Syria is Sunni Muslim, Saudi Arabia and Turkey were very excited about the prospect of dealing Iran a major blow by transforming Syria into a full-fledged Sunni nation.  So Saudi Arabia, Turkey and other Arab countries spent billions of dollars supporting and arming the “rebels”, and at first everything was going great.  But then Russia, Iran and Hezbollah all intervened, and now the tide of the war has completely turned.The only way that the original plan can succeed now is for the United States to enter the war, but with Trump as president nobody thought that was going to happen.But now this latest chemical attack has changed everything, and Trump appears poised to take military action in Syria.I don’t know if most Americans understand how dangerous such a move could be.  The Russians are not going to just sit there while U.S. bombs are dropping and their personnel are being killed.  And of course the same thing could be said about Iran and Hezbollah.Do we really want to risk a potential military confrontation with Russia, Iran and Hezbollah just to make a point in Syria?To me, that would be exceedingly foolish.And even more disastrous would be a decision to fully commit the U.S. military to toppling the Assad regime.  That would require going all the way to Damascus, and it is very, very doubtful that the Russians, the Iranians and Hezbollah would just willingly stand aside and allow that to happen.For quite a while I have been warning that the situation in Syria could potentially spark World War 3 if everyone was not very, very careful.If U.S. warplanes try to strike Syrian military positions, the Russians could easily decide to start firing back.And considering the anti-Russian hysteria that we are already witnessing in Washington D.C., how will our leaders respond when CNN starts showing U.S. aircraft being blown out of the sky by Russian missiles?As I discussed in Part I, there is very little for the U.S. to gain by going to war in Syria.  Unless it can be shown beyond a shadow of a doubt that the Assad regime is actually using chemical weapons, the Trump administration should not even be thinking about military action, because getting the U.S. military involved in the Syrian civil war would be absolutely disastrous.So let us pray for peace, and let us hope that cooler heads will prevail.








CBS Evening News anchor Scott Pelley suggested last night that the alleged chemical attack in Syria on Tuesday was the fault of President Trump. From NewsBusters:The country’s emotions ran high as horrific images flooded in from Syria on Tuesday, where dictator Bashar al-Assad killed dozens and wounded hundreds more in a chemical weapon attack on his own people. “Even by the horrors of the Syrian civil war, what happened today will stand out as a crime against humanity,” was the first sentence uttered by Anchor Scott Pelley as CBS Evening News came on the air. But he then seemed to insinuate that the blame rested at President Trump’s feet.“The attack came five days after the Trump administration signaled that the Syrian dictator would not be held accountable for the slaughter of his people,” stated a very serious Pelley, “The Trump administration said Bashar al-Assad could remain in power, a reversal of Obama-era policy that said Assad had to go.”“Despite the appeasing change in his policy, Mr. Trump blamed today’s attack on President Obama calling it a ‘Consequence of the past administration’s weakness,’” he continued to chide.There’s no reason to believe Assad decided for to gas his own people for kicks while they’re actively winning the war.For Trump to run with this story without hard evidence is a huge mistake, just as it was a mistake to give any credence to the phony “Russia hacked our election” scam.Previous gas attacks in Syria were highly questionable and/or total frauds.While the lying media is saying Assad gassed his own people because Trump gave him tacit permission, Russia’s Ministry of Defense says the latest gassing was the result of a rebel chemical weapons facility being bombed by the Syrian army.We don’t know the actual cause, but we do know who benefits from such an attack and it’s not Assad.








CNN is calling it a “7-year-old Syrian girl’s heartbreaking plea” to stop the war in Syria, in reality it’s a fake news hoax to get the Trump administration to overthrow Assad and turn on Russia.The top story on CNN’s front page today is a disgusting Iraq-has-WMDs-style fake news story to con America into another war.Under the title, “7-year-old Syrian girl’s heartbreaking plea: ‘Why can’t you stop the war?’,” CNN anchor Alisyn Camerota is seen interviewing a 7-year-old Syrian girl named Bana Alabed.Camerota asks her: “Bana, do you [a 7-year-old girl] blame President Assad for this [chemical attack]?”Bana responds, “Yes.”“What is your message to President Assad?” Camerota asks the 7-year-old.“What is your message to President Assad?” Camerota asks the 7-year-old.“I am very sad,” Bana says, looking down and blatantly reading off a script. “A lot of died,” she says, clearly struggling to read and skipping over the word “people” or “Syrians.”“And, oh,” she stutters, “no one help them.”“The world is watching,” she stammers, “the world doesn’t do anything.”It goes on for another minute with Bana struggling to read her clearly pre-written propaganda lines. Eventually she asks, “why you, why can’t you, stop the war?”“I don’t know Bana, I don’t know why the world can’t stop the war in Syria someday,” a torn Camerota responds, ignoring how incredibly fake and staged the whole shameless stunt she just took part in is.This is the epitome of fake news and it’s a thousand times more dangerous to our country than some schmuck in Macedonia writing about fake endorsements from the Pope.Fortunately, many people are questioning this BS on Twitter:@CNN I pray for this mother & child.  I also pray for the souls of CNN, their corrupted use of news & taking advantage of their suffering….— Dark Mice (@Trumpified9) April 5, 2017@CNN I pray for this mother & child.  I also pray for the souls of CNN, their corrupted use of news & taking advantage of their suffering….— Dark Mice (@Trumpified9) April 5, 2017
https://twitter.com/realMaxRenn/status/849593097344479232@CNN CNN warmongering, stop using child propaganda the attack was a #falseflag https://t.co/rR1moa9W70— Bump (@Wooorldpolice) April 5, 2017@CNN CNN warmongering, stop using child propaganda the attack was a #falseflag https://t.co/rR1moa9W70— Bump (@Wooorldpolice) April 5, 2017








Infowars’ David Knight comes to you with the day’s biggest news including the latest on the ousting of Steve Bannon, the Susan Rice scandal and the situation in Syria.








Alex Jones breaks down the politically-motivated calls for his arrest over free speech while leftist celebrities making actual violent threats remain unscathed.








Kris ‘Tanto” Paronto, a Benghazi survivor, went on Fox News to share his take on the recent Susan Rice unmasking scandal.Paronto says, “President Trump has been given a golden egg. He could make an example of Rice.”Just last week Paronto joined The Alex Jones Show to discuss the globalists war on Trump and what will result if they push too far.








Media control happens in many different ways.








The power of Pepsi was recently stymied when people rebuked their latest propaganda packed commercial.








In one of the safest cities in the United States, Irvine CA, Infowars reporter Millie Weaver covers one of the largest international sex trafficking busts.A mother and her daughter were caught operating online sex services in an upscale neighborhood and running a prostitution ring across 29 states.Young women and girls from China were used as sex slaves and forced to work up to 14 hours a day.The actual bust occurred in Minnesota where investigators discovered the hub of the operation was conducted out of Irvine, CA.The arrests took place late last week.








Internal struggles within The White House come to light as Steve Bannon is removed from the National Security Council, resulting in a loss of public status for the strategist.








Mike Cernovich talks with Alex Jones and breaks down how the pedophile networks are being closed in on and rounded up.








During an interview on Thursday’s “Kilmeade & Friends” on Fox News Radio, Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) responded to a question on whether he thought Susan Rice committed a crime by stating, “Yeah. I think she did something that’s devastating, and that is to take top secret information without a warrant for looking at an American individual, and exposed that individual, and then perhaps be associated with people who may have leaked this information.”Rand said that Rice “did something terribly damaging to the country because we can’t allow — you know, the intelligence community loses a lot of credibility when we find out it’s being politicized. And so, there are dangers really to having political people use top secret information for political purposes. And I think the more we learn about Susan Rice, the more we’re going to learn that she’s been involved, I think, in a lot of shenanigans with using intelligence at the White House for political purposes.”When asked if he thought Rice “committed a crime?” He answered, “Yeah. I think she did something that’s devastating, and that is to take top secret information without a warrant for looking at an American individual, and exposed that individual, and then perhaps be associated with people who may have leaked this information.”Read more








During a recent interview with Democracy Now, Noam Chomsky demonstrated what everyone with a clear head and capacity for critical thought should already know. Just because you have a strong dislike for Donald Trump, doesn’t mean you latch on like a lunatic to every nonsensical Russia conspiracy theory because you’re still crying about Hillary’s loss.As Noam Chomsky accurately states:NOAM CHOMSKY: It’s a pretty remarkable fact that—first of all, it is a joke. Half the world is cracking up in laughter. The United States doesn’t just interfere in elections. It overthrows governments it doesn’t like, institutes military dictatorships. Simply in the case of Russia alone—it’s the least of it—the U.S. government, under Clinton, intervened quite blatantly and openly, then tried to conceal it, to get their man Yeltsin in, in all sorts of ways. So, this, as I say, it’s considered—it’s turning the United States, again, into a laughingstock in the world.So why are the Democrats focusing on this? In fact, why are they focusing so much attention on the one element of Trump’s programs which is fairly reasonable, the one ray of light in this gloom: trying to reduce tensions with Russia? That’s—the tensions on the Russian border are extremely serious. They could escalate to a major terminal war. Efforts to try to reduce them should be welcomed. Just a couple of days ago, the former U.S. ambassador to Russia, Jack Matlock, came out and said he just can’t believe that so much attention is being paid to apparent efforts by the incoming administration to establish connections with Russia. He said, “Sure, that’s just what they ought to be doing.”So, meanwhile, this one topic is the primary locus of concern and critique, while, meanwhile, the policies are proceeding step by step, which are extremely destructive and harmful. So, you know, yeah, maybe the Russians tried to interfere in the election. That’s not a major issue. Maybe the people in the Trump campaign were talking to the Russians. Well, OK, not a major point, certainly less than is being done constantly. And it is a kind of a paradox, I think, that the one issue that seems to inflame the Democratic opposition is the one thing that has some justification and reasonable aspects to it.Watch the clip here.

Yes, I know. Chomsky works for Putin too.








The House Ethics Committee announced Thursday that it is investigating whether Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) made unauthorized discloses of classified information while overseeing his panel’s investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election.A joint statement from House Ethics Committee Chairwoman Susan Brooks (R-Ind.) and the panel’s ranking Democrat, Rep. Ted Deutch (Fla.), said the investigation will focus on whether Nunes violated federal law and the chamber’s rules during a press conference where he announced that intelligence agencies incidentally collected information about associates of President Trump.Nunes pointed to the House Ethics Committee investigation earlier Thursday when explaining his decision to temporarily step aside from the Russia investigation.He noted that multiple “leftwing activist groups” had filed complaints against him to the Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE). Liberal groups including MoveOn.Org, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and Democracy 21 asked OCE to investigate whether Nunes disclosed classified information.Read more








Ben Carson was the first neurosurgeon to successfully separate conjoined twins, so, he’s kind of a super hero.But apparently, he’s also not a bad accountant.President Trump picked Carson to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development, whose budget grew by leaps and bounds under Barack Obama.In one of his first acts as HUD Secretary, Carson ordered an audit of the agency. What he found was staggering: $520 billion in bookkeeping errors.“The total amounts of errors corrected in HUD’s notes and consolidated financial statements were $516.4 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively,” the auditors wrote.Read more








As Steve Bannon, opponent of “regime change”, is replaced by Rick Perry on the National Security Council, another gas attack in Syria like the one 4 years ago is being cited as justification to become Al Qaeda’s Air Force in Syria.From his tweets, Trump appears to be taking the bait, forgetting that US, UN & Russian forensics all agreed, after an investigation, that the 2013 attack was not carried out by the Syrian government.








Is it consistent to drink Coca-Cola after asking not to be sold?United We Can in the Senate, Ramón Espinar, has been involved in a controversy this Tuesday for being photographed in the Upper Chamber dining room with two bottles of Coca-Cola on the tray.The reason? The proposal of his parliamentary group, rejected precisely that same day in the Senate, which demanded the withdrawal of the products of this type in the institution, because of the labor conflict that maintains the company with the workers of its factory in Fuenlabrada (Madrid).Read more








New applications for U.S. unemployment benefits recorded their biggest drop in nearly two years last week, pointing to a further tightening in the labor market.Initial claims for state unemployment benefits declined 25,000 to a seasonally adjusted 234,000 for the week ended April 1, the Labor Department said on Thursday. The drop was the largest since the week ending April 25, 2015, and unwound recent increases that had lifted claims to a three-month high.“The lower jobless claims filings show the economy continues to show improvement which is important news with the long expansion expected to eventually tire somewhere down the line given its longevity,” said Chris Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York.Claims have now been below 300,000, a threshold associated with a healthy labor market, for 109 straight weeks. That is the longest such stretch since 1970, when the labor market was smaller. The labor market is currently near full employment.Read more








The president of the Virginia Federal Reserve won’t face charges after admitting his part in leaking information about the government’s fiscal policy plans — information that was then shared with a select group of investors.Jeffrey Lacker, 61, had been the president and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond since 2004. Along with the written admission of guilt he published Tuesday, he also announced his immediate resignation.“I apologize to my colleagues and to the public it has been my privilege to serve,” Lacker wrote. “I have always strived to maintain the appropriate balance between transparency and confidentiality, but I regret that in this instance I crossed the line to confirming information that should have remained confidential.”Essentially, back in 2012, someone called Lacker with data suggesting the Fed was going to continue its bond-buying policies — the oft-mentioned “quantitative easing.” Lacker claims he inadvertently confirmed that analysis.Whether he meant to or not, Lacker admits in his letter that once the information was published, he realized what he’d done and chose to remain silent, all while the hedge fund players at Medley Global Advisors enjoyed the heads up he had given them.In fact, he admits he intentionally withheld the information in the initial 2012 investigation into the leak. It was much later, in a separate investigation by the F.B.I., that Lacker came clean about what he knew.In the letter, Lacker says he understands he violated the Fed’s two primary confidentiality policies, one of which “prohibits providing any profit-making person or organization with a prestige advantage over its competitors.”No worries, though. Lacker’s attorney announced Tuesday that the investigation into the former Fed president is closed, and he’s now free to drift off into retirement.“Dr. Lacker has cooperated with the Department of Justice,” attorney Richard Cullen said in a statement, “and has been informed that no charges will be brought and that the investigation as to him is complete.”








President Donald Trump targeted $14 billion worth of regulations for review when he signed an executive order to promote energy independence in late March, according to a new report.“Deregulation on this scale, more than $14 billion in just one presidential directive, is unseen since the early days of the Reagan Administration,” wrote Sam Batkins, the regulatory policy director at the right-leaning American Action Forum.“In order for the administration’s regulatory budget to operate, bombshell deregulatory actions like this [executive order] are likely necessary to achieve neutral cost growth,” Batkins wrote in a new report.In late March, Trump ordered the Environmental Protection agency and Department of the Interior to review regulations aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions from power plants and oil and natural gas drilling operations.“The largest target of the EO is the Clean Power Plan. It was the third-most expensive regulation from the Obama Administration and it was designed to save 265 million tons of carbon dioxide and reduce global temperatures by 0.019 Celsius,” Batkins wrote.Trump also rescinded Obama administration global warming directives to federal agencies, and ordered the review of Interior Department rules for hydraulic fracturing for oil and gas on federal lands.Assuming these regulations are rescinded, as many expect them to be, Trump’s order “addresses $14.6 billion in past rulemakings and more than one million paperwork burden hours,” according to Batkins.In total, Trump’s ordered the review of more than $50 billion worth of Obama-era regulations — the costliest being the fiduciary rule that’s part of the Dodd-Frank bill. The fiduciary rule was estimated to cost $31.5 billion.But the fiduciary rule is the only non-energy related rule to be put under review by the Trump administration.The White House has ordered agencies to review at least 10 major environmental regulations, including the Clean Power Plan, the “waters of the U.S.” rule, fracking rules and fuel efficiency standards. Those rules cost $19.3 billion.The Trump administration has delayed implementing nearly $12 billion in regulations. Democratic attorneys general and environmentalists sued the Trump administration for delaying the implementation of energy efficiency regulations for ceiling fans.Environmentalists vowed further legal action if more energy regulations are delayed. Other left-leaning groups have made similar promises of legal action.Even without lawsuits, it could take months or even years to repeal major regulations, like the Clean Power Plan, which limits carbon dioxide emissions from power plants.“To give an estimate of how long it will take to undo, writing the rule originally took roughly 3.8 years to complete,” Batkins wrote. “In other words, with legal challenges, undoing the Clean Power Plan could easily take the entire first term of President Trump.”








Outgoing Federal Reserve Governor Daniel Tarullo told CNBC on Wednesday that robust March job growth at American companies provides more confirmation of a “solid trend” of strength in employment.He also said the economy is gaining traction.U.S. companies added 263,000 jobs in March, according to the latest ADP and Moody’s Analytics private payrolls report. That was well above the 185,000 expected from economists surveyed by Reuters. The government reports its March employment report on Friday.Forward indicators also bode well for second quarter growth, said Tarullo, who appeared on “Squawk Box” on his last day at the central bank. The 64-year-old, a tough regulator on the banks, announced his plans to retire in February.Read more








For the first time since the financial crisis, more Americans view the economy favorably, according to a report from the Pew Research Center.Pew found that 58 percent of Americans say the current economic situation in the United States is good, compared with only 40 percent who say it’s bad. Last spring, 54 percent of Americans said the economy was in bad shape compared while 44 percent of Americans said it was in good shape.“This is the most positive assessment of U.S. economic conditions since 2007, and only the second time that half or more of those surveyed have given the economy a thumbs-up,” the report said. “The 14-percentage point rise in overall public opinion about the economy since last year is the largest one-year improvement in public sentiment about economic conditions in the history of the survey.”In spring of 2008, in the middle of the recession, only 20 percent of Americans said the current economic condition in the United States was good.Read more








The Department of Homeland Security sought to compel Twitter to reveal the identity of the person behind an account that was among the dozens of so-called “rogue” handles created to criticize the Trump administration, the social media company alleged in a lawsuit filed Thursday.Twitter filed the lawsuit against DHS and federal government employees as a way to prevent them from unmasking the identity of the account user.Twitter’s lawsuit states a special agent within Customs and Border Protection sent the social media company an administrative summons on March 13 seeking information about Twitter account @ALT_USCIS, which purports to be run by employees of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services. The summons sought information that would reveal the identity of the account holder, including account login information, phone numbers and mailing addressed associated with it, and I.P. addresses.The @ALT_USCIS is among dozens of rogue government accounts that have sprouted up since President Trump was sworn into office — each seeking to fuel rebellion against the president’s policies and actions.Read more








Trump reiterated his campaign promise to end Common Core at the CEO Business Town Hall Tuesday.He said education needs to be local.If he means that, he’ll end the Department of Education instead of putting conservative lipstick on it.








Click here for official Alex Jones press kit photographs.Since the beginning of time there have been constant attempts to enslave and subdue the spirit of humanity. From Barbarian hordes streaming down the mountain to the Stasi secret police torturing those who dreamed to be free.In this age of rapidly accelerating technology the threat to our liberties is a very real and present danger. Alex Jones is a unique voice that sifts through the information and exposes the underlying intentions.In the past, nations and empires have met on the  battlefield to pit men and metal against their ideas. Now the true battlefield has become the sphere of information.The manipulation of facts and the slow relentless war on reality is being waged on this landscape of the mind. When those who seek to control humanity can convince the world that what they say is true, we will rapidly descend into the most oppressive tyranny ever seen.Alex Jones has built infowars from the ground up putting  profits back into the company to continue to grow Exponentially. Alex has never taken a loan and is not beholden to advertisers, investors or any other group that could censor or influence his position. The listeners and viewers are Alex’s partners and he has vowed to honor their trust and always remain truly independent.Alex Jones and Infowars stand against this onslaught. Every day connecting the dots, peeling back the onion. He digs deeper into the story with the insight of experts, whistleblowers and insiders. Seeking the truth and exposing the scientifically engineered lies of the globalists and their ultimate goal of enslaving humanity.Alex Jones is internationally recognized by many as a trailblazer of new media and an icon of the burgeoning liberty movement.Starting at the tender age of 20, Jones launched an access television show which within a year led to him scoring a highly rated week night radio show in Austin, Texas.The Alex Jones Show is now syndicated on over 160 stations across the country and routinely breaks huge stories in addition to featuring some of the most insightful and news making guests from across the world.Jones is dedicated to libertarian and constitutionalist ideas, in addition to what he has coined "1776 worldwide" - promoting a true culture of liberty, transparency and freedom on a planetary scale to empower humanity, while vehemently opposing Agenda 21 and the globalist threat to national sovereignty.Jones believes that informing people about the true nature of power, we can foster a real debate about humanity's destiny and allow the species to evolve towards a more orderly singularity that has humans at the core of a system which is based around maintaining free will and integrity  - defying the transhumanist goal of Social Darwinism and scientific dictatorship.Amidst the mammoth ideological clash between techno-authoritarianism and free human movements across the globe, Jones is a bullhorn for true libertarian principles and the empowerment of humankind in the eternal battle against tyranny.Jones has hit the headlines on numerous occasions for his outspoken advocacy for freedom, notably in January 2013 when he took part in a televised debate with CNN's Piers Morgan on gun control which garnered global attention.A 2011 Rolling Stone article described Jones as "a giant in America's conspiracy subculture," with a subsequent in-depth profile adding that he made Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh, "sound like tea-sipping NPR hosts on Zoloft."According to UT Professor Randolph Lewis, Jones is "one of the most important political media figures in the country" and "his circle of Texas libertarians is maybe the most important zone of resistance to surveillance culture right now.""Alex Jones is a model for people to create their own media," Michael Harrison, editor of the industry trade magazine Talkers, told Rolling Stone writer Alexander Zaitchik. "When the history is written of talk broadcasting's transition from the corporate model of the 20th century to the digital, independent model of the 21st century, he will be considered an early trailblazer."By establishing a team of news reporters who provide cutting edge analysis and on the ground high tech breaking coverage, Infowars.com continually dominates the news coverage while wearing our bias - the truth - openly and proudly on our sleeve.In the spirit of Thomas Jefferson and George Washington, Jones passionately argues against foreign entanglements and wars for the sake of corporate and banking interests. Jones avoids the bogus political labels of "left and right" and instead focuses on what really matters — what's right and wrong. As a tenacious journalist, Jones has broken hundreds of national stories over the span of his career, a feat that led to Matt Drudge giving Infowars.com a much coveted spot on the permanent links section of his hugely influential and highly trafficked website, DrudgeReport.com.Jones' infiltration of the ultra-secretive Bohemian Grove compound in 2000 also caused shockwaves, with the occult cremation of care ritual being caught on camera for the first time.Alex's mainstay is his nationally syndicated news-talk show produced from his studio in Austin and broadcast on the Genesis Communication Network, based in Minnesota. The Alex Jones Show airs on over 160 AM, FM, and shortwave stations across the United States Monday through Friday from 11:00 a.m.—2:00 p.m. Central Standard Time. As well, Alex's show is the largest draw for the talk genre on Shoutcast and the Internet. Alex does a syndicated and nationally broadcast Sunday show on Emmis Communications' KLBJ 590 AM in Austin, Texas.Jones is recognized for his incisive and hard-hitting interviews with a wide range of guests. Prominent guests include Willie Nelson, Charlie Sheen, Joe Rogan, Russell Brand, Billy Corgan, Chuck Norris, Jesse Ventura, Ted Nugent, Lou Dobbs, Tommy Chong, Geraldo Rivera, Ed Asner, and others.Alex has interviewed hundreds of politicians, government officials, researchers, political activists, authors, economists, political analysts, scientists, and entertainers, including Rand Paul, Ron Paul, Rep. Dennis Kucinich, Ralph Nader, Chuck Baldwin, George Galloway, Gore Vidal, Greg Palast, David Lynch, Joseph Stiglitz, Vigo Mortenson, Roddy Piper, Shooter Jennings, Public Enemy, Noam Chomsky, Pat Buchanan, Eva Orner, and even David Mayer de Rothschild, to name but a few.Alex's interview with actor Charlie Sheen, who disputed the official explanation of the attacks of September 11, 2001, received mainstream notice on CNN Showbiz Tonight, Fox News' Hannity & Colmes, and Jimmy Kimmel Live. Willie Nelson's questioning of 9/11 on Alex's radio show resulted in Fox News' Bill O'Reilly featuring the iconic musician and political activist on the "Pinheads & Patriots" segment of his O'Reilly Factor television show. Nelson also called for the impeachment of Bush on Alex's show."If you've never heard of Alex Jones, then you've been missing out on some of the most dynamic, hard-hitting radio on the planet," explains ZDNet. "This guy is a national treasure, a light breaking through the electronic Berlin Wall of the US media establishment," adds BBC investigative journalist Greg Palast.Documentary FilmsAlex Jones is a prolific filmmaker, producing on average two films per year since his first documentary, America: Destroyed By Design, was released in 1997. Alex's films primarily document the emergence of the New World Order, world totalitarian government, the steady erosion of the Constitution and national sovereignty in the United States, government corruption, corporate fascism, eugenics, martial law and the encroaching police state."Find out how the sovereignty of the United States is being subordinated to the globalist interests, through such examples as the Foundations at the Presidio and the Panama Canal. See United Nations and Chinese Interests are affecting our nation. Witness the United Nation's indoctrination of America's children and watch exclusive interviews with witnesses of the Oklahoma City Bombing."Documents how the U.S. Government grossly overstepped Constitutional boundaries, as well as the cover up that followed with the Branch Davidians in Waco, Texas.There are over 85,000 Federal and regional governmental institutions: school districts, water and power authorities, country and city governments — and they own over 70 percent of the stock market. The video includes an interview with Joe Banister, former IRS Special Agent, exposing how the IRS is a collection agency for the private, run-for-profit Federal Reserve.Jones' "Dark Secrets: Inside the Bohemian Grove" documented the first ever hidden camera incursion into the Grove and the bizarre pagan ritual, the Cremation of Care, practiced by its members, all men, including both Presidents Bush, Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter, Colin Powell, and Henry Kissinger to name but a few.Exposes the growing militarization of American law enforcement and the growing relationship between the military and the police.From children in public schools being trained to turn in their peers and parents to the National Guard and Army patrolling our country's highways, The Takeover reveals the most threatening developments of police state control in our age.Details the birth of a global police state, the history of government sponsored terrorism, the modern implementation of fear-based control, and the future plans of the New World Order.In two hours, Alex Jones reveals the Globalists' master plan for world domination. In this powerful expose, Jones explains why the elite are using manufactured terrorism to drive the populations into accepting tyranny.This film documents the nightmare rise of the Homeland Security dictatorship, Patriot Acts 1 and 2, the Total Information Awareness Network, government-run white slavery rings, the new prison surveillance economy and much more.Matrix of Evil contains footage from speeches and conversations with Alex Jones, Congressman Ron Paul, Colonel Craig Roberts, Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney and Frank Morales.American Dictators is a 90+ minute expose chronicling the degeneration of America's political process. Alex Jones rips away layer after layer of the false left-right paradigm and finally reveals the 2004 election.From the frontlines of the Police State to the darkest sanctum of the secret society that controls it, Martial Law reveals the master plan of a group hell-bent on capturing America today — and tomorrow the world.Exposes the connections between the Bohemian Club and Skull and Bones and other occult secret societies. Jones explores the roots of the Grove and its links to occult networks dating back to ancient Egypt and Babylon.Throughout history, criminal elements inside governments have carried out terror attacks against their own populations as a pretext to enslave them. TERRORSTORM reveals how, in the last hundred years, Western leaders have repeatedly murdered their own citizens while posing as their saviors.Jones chronicles the history of the global elite's bloody rise to power and reveals how they have funded dictators and financed the bloodiest wars—creating order out of chaos to pave the way for the first true world empire.Including interviews with Jesse Ventura, Rosie O'Donnell, George Carlin, Willie Nelson and Martin Sheen, this film is unlike anything you have ever seen. The only question after viewing it is: will you become part of the Truth Rising?In addition to producing the above films, Alex had a cameo role in Richard Linklater's Waking Life, a part that received a standing ovation at the Sundance Film Festival. He also appeared as the "street prophet" in Linklater's 2006 film, A Scanner Darkly, based on the novel of the same name by Philip K. Dick.








No one dares to argue that Laura Ingraham is one of the firebrands of talk radio today.In fact, her brand of outspoken conservatism would lead many to conclude that there’s no better job for her, since she gets to connect with a large audience and change hearts and minds.  She did quite a number on Hillary in 2016 and had Americans of all stripes cheering for her.It’s also tough, though, to move any higher in the political realm with hundreds, or even thousands, of hours of audio and video on file to be attacked with.Laura, however, is such a firebrand that she may not let that stop her.The Hill reports:Conservative radio host Laura Ingraham on Tuesday said she is considering mounting a challenge to Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) in 2018.“I’m considering,” Ingraham told “Fox and Friends,” adding: “I haven’t made any decisions, but a number of folks in Virginia who are well connected are very interested in my running, and that’s very flattering.” .@IngrahamAngle announces she is considering a Senate run in Virginia challenging Sen. Tim Kaine pic.twitter.com/cnbLeYuiEW— FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) January 17, 2017“It’s always good to mix things up, and I’ve been in Washington a long time and I have a great respect for the Congress and institutions of government,” she said.What’s particularly interesting in this case is that Ingraham was approached by Republican Party operatives rather than the other way around. This indicates that her run wouldn’t simply be a whimsical ego trip but at least seems to have a foundation in reality.Of course, Ingraham — a stalwart Donald Trump booster — was also under serious consideration as his White House press secretary, and that didn’t come to pass, despite her obvious qualifications.It is too soon to tell what Ingraham’s next step will be, but with her incredible communications skills, name recognition and fearless attitude, she would pose a considerable threat to Kaine’s reelection. The state’s Democratic establishment should start worrying now.    commentsBest free WordPress theme








Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz dissed conservatives and it backfired in a spectacular way.Five straight quarters of decreased sales prove that ripping conservatives is bad for business. Makes sense because conservatives have tremendous buying power. Cause we work.Starbucks’ CEO Howard Schultz’s repeated attacks on conservatives have hit Starbucks in the wallet and caused Shultz to lose his job, proving boycotts work.It all started at a campaign event in 2015 when then-candidate Trump said,“I have one of the most successful Starbucks, in Trump Tower. Maybe we should boycott Starbucks? I don’t know … That’s the end of that lease, but who cares?” Trump said during a campaign rally. “If I become president, we’re all going to be saying Merry Christmas again, that I can tell you. That I can tell you.”The next morning Starbucks’ stock opened at 62.55. And the slide has continued, driven ever downward by Schultz’s repeated attacks on conservatives.The final blow to Starbucks came in January. When Schultz, responding to Trump’s first travel order, announced Starbucks would hire 10,000 refugees worldwide.It was a dumb move on many levels. National security, politically, and economically but Howard didn’t see it that way.Schultz claimed the uproar and boycotts that followed his disgusting behavior would have zero effect on Starbucks.But within weeks Starbucks lost 24% of its brand value.Now after Starbucks dumped Schultz they have announced they are sorry and are begging people to come back and patronize the chain.H/T WnpjournalAccording to Bloomberg, Starbucks just announced a new expansion of their veteran hiring program to try to get back in conservative’s good graces.The coffee retailer will hire 25,000 veterans and their spouses by 2025. What’s more, in a desperate effort to end the boycott, Starbucks already has brought on 10,000 of them.Boycotts, well conservative boycotts, work. Liberal boycotts? Not so much. commentsBest free WordPress theme








The Christian Action Network is demanding the Department of Education end its program which plans to indoctrinate students into Islam.In typical Liberal fashion, the left is once again pushing for the indoctrination of the next generation by using our hard earned Tax Dollars against us. This time they are trying to indoctrinate by teaching Islamic scripture and “how to be a good Muslim” to our children in public schools.Martin Mawyer, Christian Action Network president, sent a letter to the United States Department of Education threatening legal action if the program is not terminated within 60 days.The lesson plan is pure propaganda. It teaches children Islamic scripture and how to be “good Muslims.” Furthermore, the lesson plans were created by taxpayer-funded PBS, which President Trump stated he plans to defund. Of course, the lessons were approved and also funded by the Department of Education.The Constitution clearly does not allow for the promotion of religion at public schools. Any religion, not just Christian Prayer at High School football games as Liberals would have us believe.First Amendment of the Constitution:“Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.”If like Liberals constantly tell us, you can’t pray or teach Christianity, Judaism or Buddhism in public schools. You also can’t pray or indoctrinate in Islam, which is responsible for the majority of the world’s conflicts today.The thing liberals can’t seem to understand is how Islam treats Women and Gays under Sharia Law and they will go out of their way to promote and defend the most oppressive religion ever known to mankind because they consider Muslims to be oppressed by the “evil Christians and Jews.”And what exactly will this class in Islam encompass? Instead of dissecting a frog, as is done in biology class, you will get to behead an infidel? commentsBest free WordPress theme








Feds checked out a Muslim market and discovered that they were committing food stamp. That’s not the only thing that was uncovered on that day at the Sindibad Market! The Agriculture Department’s Office of Inspector General discovered that the market made multiple fraudulent transactions with customers not eligible for benefits. That person was supposed to receive a one-year ban from attaining government food stamps thanks to the American taxpayers.The really bad part is that the Obama administration granted them a pass and no one was suspended from getting or receiving the welfare. Instead, it seems like the store was hit with a fine and that was it. The government stated that the halal meat from the market was relied on by the Muslim recipient and they granted a pass. If a vegetarian did the same act of fraud, could they get a pass at Whole Foods or Salad Works? If a meat lover ripped off the government and taxpayers, could they get a free pass to buy steaks? I’m not sure welfare fraud by anyone should be accepted. It’s really bad knowing that these people were giving almost a free pass by people working under the Obama administration.Maine Gov. Paul LePage is objecting to a break the U.S. Department of Agriculture under the Obama administration gave a halal market that made fraudulent food stamp transactions.But federal officials told LifeZette the decision is final.“If you have rules, you need to follow the rules. The problem with the previous administration is they were very, very weak on fraud.”The case involves Sindbad Market in Portland. According to the Agriculture Department’s Office of Inspector General, the market made four fraudulent transactions with three ineligible customers. Because the owner was personally involved in one of the transactions, that ordinarily would trigger a one-year suspension of the ability to accept food stamps, formally known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.But an attorney for Sindbad Market asked for and received an exemption in September on grounds that suspension would cause a hardship for Muslim food stamp recipients, who rely on the market for its preparation of halal meat, in accordance with Islamic law. The federal government agreed to impose a $33,000 fine instead.A fine isn’t so bad if you have tons of time to pay it back and you can continue committing fraud. You just have to increase the amount of fraud to pay the fine back as fast as possible. Of course, that’s not exactly legal and they run the risk of getting caught again.There’s a huge issue with handing out a fine and NOT barring them from utilizing the welfare system. Once you fraudulently act upon the system, then your access to it should be taken for a while. It will hopefully prevent people from running scams and taking advantage of the handouts that are meant to help the neediest people – not to be used as a career for lazy people who hate working.When anyone catches a break like that, after committing a crime, then you have to wonder why they got off the hook. In this case, it seems like Team Obama wanted his Muslim friends to get off the hook for robbing the taxpayers.Welfare should only be granted to those who truly need it and taken from the lazy. The rules aren’t strict enough and too many people milk the system and dry up the middle class.If you’re an able-bodied person then get a job and stop living like a broke bum. commentsBest free WordPress theme








The liberal leftist hordes will cry after  hearing the GOOD NEWS! FBI finally decided to make the things clear about the huge Russian-Trump scandal, or it is better to say the poor liberal’s try to discredit the President.The boomerang hit em hard-Obama and his wiretapping scandal will determine the future of the corrupted Deep State that consumed most of the liberal Dems. Read more below:The FBI just completed a month long investigation into the Trump / Russia connection that all the Democrats and mainstream media have been going crazy about. So, if you were looking for official proof that the whole thing is a load of bull, here it is…The Daily Caller first broke this story. This is an excerpt from their website:“More importantly, Circa’s report stresses that Americans routinely are incidentally intercepted when the FBI monitors foreign individuals like Russian embassy officials. Then-soon-to be National Security Adviser General Michael Flynn was an American who was incidentally intercepted during his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S.A warrant was not necessary to review his conversations because it was a national security matter and Flynn had a security clearance, sources told Circa.The calls and text messages from last December to the ambassador were essentially holiday wishes and condolences for tragedies that had happened in Russia at the time. Another conversation, via text message about talking on the phone, was about sanctions imposed on Russia by the Obama administration in late December.But the message the American official gave was mostly that a new sheriff was about to take over the White House and Russians shouldn’t react to the new sanctions in a way that would foreclose better dialog in the future under a Trump administration, sources said,’ Circa reported.”Huh, so you mean that instead of talking to them about hacking the election in exchange for sanctions being reduced that they were told the exact opposite? Wow, who would of thought.Now, maybe we can put this thing to rest, but before we do, remember this… it wasn’t just the media and the Dems that were calling for investigations — it was the GOP elite, too! Specifically, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Mitch McConnell, and Paul Ryan. Please remember that when these men are up for election again! commentsBest free WordPress theme








Fox News 
	
		
	2 hours ago	
	News
	
46 Views Before he took office, Donald Trump promised to crack down on illegal immigration like no president had before. This week, he followed through with this pledge in a big way…KUT reported that 153 undocumented immigrants were arrested in the South and Central Texas regions by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency during its most recent round of immigration enforcement. The raids lasted 12 days and ended last Friday. All 153 of the illegal aliens had prior criminal convictions.64 of the arrests came in the San Antonio area while 24 illegal aliens were arrested in the Austin and Waco area. 140 of the illegal immigrant that were arrested are from Mexico, and seven are from Honduras. In addition, three are from Guatemala, two are from Canada and one is from El Salvador.The ICE confirmed that 33 of the arrested illegal aliens will face criminal prosecution for re-entering the United States after a previous deportation.Liberals are of course furious that these criminal illegal aliens were arrested, but we think they got EXACTLY what was coming to them.SHARE this story if you think these illegal aliens deserve to be deported! commentsBest free WordPress theme








“America’s Favorite Congressman” Trey Gowdy will now take the helm of the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russia, replacing Rep. Devin Nunes’ controversial role.And liberals are not happy.“Don’t take your eyes off Gowdy. He’s unhinged & worse than Nunes!” a Twitter liberal exclaimed.Greenville Online reports:On Thursday Chair Devin Nunes, R-Calif., announced he was stepping aside in light of accusations filed against him in the Office of Congressional Ethics. Nunes called the charges “entirely false and politically motivated” but said it was in the “best interests” of the committee to have someone else take over.Rep. Mike Conaway, R-Texas, will take the temporary lead on the investigation into Russia’s alleged interference in the U.S. election. Gowdy, who represents Greenville and Spartanburg, will join Rep. Tom Rooney, R-Fla., in helping Conaway with the investigation.“I believe it is in the best interests of the House Intelligence Committee and the Congress for me to have Representative Mike Conaway, with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney, temporarily take charge of the Committee’s Russia investigation while the House Ethics Committee looks into this matter,” Nunes said in a statement Thursday morning. “I will continue to fulfill all my other responsibilities as Committee Chairman, and I am requesting to speak to the Ethics Committee at the earliest possible opportunity in order to expedite the dismissal of these false claims.” commentsBest free WordPress theme








Donald Trump Jr. is going to run for political office. He just told members of an elite gun club that he wants to become the governor of New York.According to Page Six, Don Jr. spoke to the members of the F6 Labs gun club in Hicksville, NY. He said that he wanted to be just like his father President Donald Trump.He’ll do so well. Do you remember when he did this for a random citizen?
A guest that heard Don Jr.’s speech told Page Six that “Don Jr. said he is interested in running for office, such as governor of New York, but the position of mayor of New York would be less interesting to him.”Apparently, helping his father on the campaign made him think: “Do I want to be behind the scenes and be a mouthpiece and fight back against crazy liberal media? Maybe.” He then said that he loves politics: “Going back to doing deals is boring after 18 months. The politics bug bit me.”There are rumors that he is going to be running to take the governorship away in New York.Let’s give him a warm welcome and a ‘GOD BLESS’ as he follows in his father’s footsteps.*** SHARE THIS AND LET’S LET HIM KNOW WE WANT HIM TO RUN!! Let’s make New York Great again, y’all!  commentsBest free WordPress theme








Cher is a longtime Democrat and one of Hillary’s TOP supporters, so what she did today is CRUSHING for the Democratic Party. Yesterday, Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer announced he has the votes in the Senate to BLOCK Neil Gorsuch’s Supreme Court Nomination. This comes after a year of Schumer complaining that Republicans were blocking Obama’s election-year nominee, Merrick Garland. WELL, CHER JUST TOLD THE DEMOCRATS TO STOP WHINING AND CONFIRM TRUMP’S NOMINEE! HA HA!What she Tweeted today is proof of just how ridiculous and childish democrats are acting by refusing to confirm Neil Gorsuch. You know it’s getting bad for the democrats when liberal celebrities start turning against them!WHEW!  You might want to give them some aloe vera with that burn while you’re at it, Cher! (Continue Below) She hit the nail on the head.  Everyone is sick and tired of the democrat’s childish temper tantrums they’ve been throwing since November 8th.  Wasn’t it Hillary who stood there during the last debate and said how aghast she was that Trump might not accept the outcome of the election?  Well, I have YET to seen ONE democrat accept the outcome of the election.  That’s because democrats are the biggest hypocrites on planet Earth.How can anyone watch this video of Neil Gorsuch and not see that he is a patriotic American who will bring honor to the Supreme Court!Cher’s tweet just ruined the democrat’s plan to block Gorsuch.  Once everyone sees this tweet and realizes that the democrat’s biggest supporters, celebrities, are starting to turn against them, they will lose support, the games will end and Gorsuch WILL be confirmed!SHARE THIS ALL OVER FACEBOOK SO THE WORLD CAN SEE EVERYONE IS STARTING TO TURN ON THE DEMOCRATS! commentsBest free WordPress theme








Hungary is hungry for some Soros-flavored revenge and is threatening to crack down on his twisted little university: the Central European University.Soros, a Hungarian, Jewish-American, convicted felon, and Nazi-collaborator is one of the strangest and most vile Americans that have sought refuge in the States following the fall of the Third Reich and the rest of the world knows his true nature even if the godless Left hasn’t realized it.Here’s what Hungary had to say for their attack on the Soros-funded CEU institution:The Hungarian government on Tuesday proposed amendments to the country’s 2011 law for higher education, which would prevent Budapest-based Central European University from operating and granting both Hungarian and U.S. degrees.“No university can stand above Hungarian law,” said a Hungarian government statement provided to POLITICO. “Several institutions are acting unlawfully when they issue foreign university degrees here in Hungary while not conducting teaching in their country of origin, as prescribed by Hungarian regulations … The government will be making the Hungarian regulations stricter to include the fact that universities from outside the EU can only hold courses and issue degrees in Hungary on the basis of an international treaty.”The current Prime Minister of Hungary, Viktor Orban has been looking for ways to limit foreign influence from dominating the educational systems within his country.Can you blame him?Like President Trump, Orban has been an outspoken critic of the policies encouraged by the Soros-funded organizations like The Open Society. He’s right not to hand an exception to CEU just because it operates under the pretense of a university.Response From The United States Is Quite Bizarre:@StephenBannon Very sad to see Mark Toner support George Soros and CEU against people of Hungary— Greg Hawkins (@GregHawkins4) April 2, 2017The US Embassy released a rather peculiar statement on the matter, claiming that the Soros-linked university has “bipartisan support” backing it. Well, this citizen doesn’t support anything linked to Soros but I will happily support any nation that wants to be rid of him and his mischief.President Trump should take a close look at the statement made by our embassy in Budapest as well as David Kostelancik who authored the statement itself. Best of luck to the Hungarians and the Nationalist government of Hungary.    commentsBest free WordPress theme








The man identified as the unidentified man caught on video at the hunting resort the night Justice Scalia was murdered has been captured trying to flee the country. He is being held and questioned as a possible terrorist at an undisclosed location.What we know from reports coming out of the Justice Department is that the man is in his mid to late 50s and is most likely responsible for at least a dozen politically motivated assassinations. He is also being questioned about involvement with the Vince Foster case, which means there is at least some suspicion that he is on the Clinton payroll.His involvement with Scalia also puts him in cahoots with Obama’s Deep State shadow government. No other information about the shooter himself is available but there has been talk about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch being put into protective custody on information that there may be a hit out on him.Authorities have been unsuccessful in obtaining warrants or any substantive evidence that could implicate the Clintons or Obama. Trey Gowdy is opening an investigation in congress later today. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Liberal Hack Gayle King just interviewed Ivanka Trump on CBS and attacked her right away. But Ivanka proved once again that she’s just like her father and can stand up against the liberal media.Gayle asked Ivanka if she felt “Complicit” with what her father was “doing to the White House” and Ivanka saw right through this attack. Gayle wanted her to apologize for her Father, and instead she stood up for President Trump and destroyed Gayle King on Live TV! (Video Below)“IF BEING “COMPLICIT’ IS WANTING TO, IS WANTING TO BE A FORCE FOR GOOD AND TO MAKE A POSITIVE IMPACT THEN I’M COMPLICIT.” “I DON’T KNOW WHAT IT MEANS TO BE ‘COMPLICIT,’ BUT YOU KNOW, I HOPE TIME WILL PROVE THAT I HAVE DONE A GOOD JOB AND MUCH MORE IMPORTANTLY THAT MY FATHER’S ADMINISTRATION IS THE SUCCESS THAT I KNOW IT WILL BE.”WATCH this 1 minute clip then SHARE on Facebook if you stand with Ivanka and President Trump! commentsBest free WordPress theme








Former National Security Advisor Susan Rice is now tied to the “unmasking” scandal that rocked this country for the past week. The House Intelligence Committee has now officially gotten Susan Rice to testify.According to the WSJ, Rice is on a list of witnesses that were drawn up as part of the probe into the scandal. House Republicans and Democrats both agreed on the list of 30 witnesses.Here’s what Rand Paul said:Earlier on Tuesday, Rice said that she didn’t use the info on Trump’s associates for political reasons. She says that she didn’t leak anything about Mike Flynn.Here is the woman herself saying that she “didn’t leak nothing to nobody”:The next questions is who did the leaking. Susan Rice is going to have to answer for the unmasking scandal. Trump is going take all of these people down. Just you wait.*** SHARE the good news! Get this out there. SHARE it 500,000 times. The mainstream media doesn’t want this getting out. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Under the order given by President Donald Trump, the ICE agents started working restlessly to keep the citizens of our nation safe by rounding up and arresting criminal aliens.The most recent reports state that ICE agents managed to round up 153 illegals during a huge raid in Texas, in a course of 11 days.The whole raid was a part of a standard targeted enforcement operation, which lasted a period of 12 days starting from March 20 to 31, and stretched across the cities of San Antonio, Austin, Laredo and Rio Grande Valley in Texas. Immigrants that had entered our country illegally and undocumented were all arrested during the busts.“ICE’s primary immigration enforcement efforts target convicted criminal aliens,” stated the field office director for ERO in San Antonio, Daniel Bible. “Consequently, our operations improve overall public safety by removing these criminals from our streets, and ultimately from our country.”The biggest amount of arrests was made in San Antonio, with approximately 62 people arrested. 24 women and men were arrested in Austin and 29 in Laredo, while 38 of them were in Harlingen which is located near Rio Grande Valley.137 of the total number of arrested illegals had criminal histories such as aggravated assault with weapons, assault of children, driving under influence, robbery and burglary as well as vehicular manslaughter and alien smuggling. One of the top ones were domestic violence and drug possession.If you ask us, we owe our gratitude to President Trump, who signed an executive order which directed immigration agents to fully implement the laws outlined in the Immigration and Nationality Act. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Reportedly, the Oklahoma City Thunder and Boston Celtics have agreed to a megadeal. Reminiscent of the Kevin Garnett trade back in 2007, this leaves a number of wide open spots on the Celtics’ roster.Sources say the trade will send Russell Westbrook to the Celtics for Boston’s PF Amir Johnson, PG Isaiah Thomas, C Kelly Olynyk, PG Terry Rozier, and finally SF Gerald Green. The Thunder are expected to soon announce players to be released.The highly secretive talks were resurrected after a falling out a few months back. Sources close to the situation say the deal must still be approved by league offices before being official announced to the public, but the deal IS expected to go through without a hitch.This deal provides a major upgrade to the PG position for the Celtics and the start of a great core starring Westbrook and of course, Al Horford — who the Celtics repeatedly refused to trade.Unlike Westbrook, it was only a matter of time before this passed.The deal likely came as a result of Westbrook’s increasingly disgruntled dealings with the Thunder ownership and their weak attempts at filling out the roster after the departure of Kevin Durant.Westbrook’s 3 year deal from a few months back was clearly to help make it easier for the team to secure a worthwhile trade.Sources also suggest the Thunder may be part of the NBA’s proposed international expanision. The team may be moved to Mexico City in 2018, for a week’s worth of food from a Tijuana taco truck.Stay tuned to the DailyLeak for more updates.








Can a US state really ban a mobile game?Yes, it can when the game is deemed a “threat to the general populace” or a “public menace” based around “a satanic cult” or “hate group”– according to state authorities who refused to be named.It all began on Wednesday when a man in Arkansas named Carter Bryn was arrested for playing Pokemon Go in a major Baptist church. The congregation erupted in anger upon the realization, claiming the game was “Anti-Christian and Aimed Towards Satanists.”Imagine the surprise when what initially appeared to be an unsubstantiated, dubious claim was confirmed by the game’s creator, Satoshi Tajiri. He agreed that the games are clearly tailored towards an anti-Christian sentiment or Satanism. Tajiri admitted as much in a candid interview stating:I mean, some could say that the game supports Satanism. I don’t officially celebrate it, but I can understand why people would be attracted to it.So there you have it. He also admits in the interview that the games were created as a backlash against his overly-Christian parents.In response, Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson denounced the game, claiming those who followed it were preaching hate, violence, and anti-Christian values. This simply would not be allowed in a state with a motto such as Regnat populus, meaning “the people rule” — and not some minority, devil-worshiping cult of miscreants.The ban, effective October 1st, will bring major fines down upon gamers who participate in any Pokemon Go related activities with the city limits of any city in Arkansas with a population over 2,000. The game will still be allowed in rural areas, so enjoy catching those Rattatas and Pidgeys.  Aside a from fine, anyone seen playing the game while driving could potentially be arrested and taken straight to jail. Do not Pokemon Go, do not collect 200 Digletts.This is not the first time Pokemon Go has been banned within a city’s limits, but certainly the first time an entire state has attempted such an endeavor. Des Moines, Washington is also making major strides in banning the game for fear it may be bring death and destruction to its fair town.Stay tuned to the DailyLeak for more important updates! 

        

        
            
            

    (function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "f7d23e60-2668-462f-b2a1-25151fee5050",
            d:  "ZGFpbHlsZWFrLm9yZw==",
            wid: "18990",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content-ad.net/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad18990").appendChild(s);
    })(document);








Kobe Bryant, never ready to turn down a challenge, has agreed to sign with the Golden State Warriors. No, not the Los Angeles Lakers. They are clearly no super-team, and nowhere near winning any sort of anything. Kobe “Bean” Bryant has chosen to only associate himself with greatness from this point forward.Bryant has agreed to suit up in a role better suited for the aging, nearly dead, former star of the world famous Lakers. The role, Bryant admitted, is part of a lifelong dream of his. A dream he’s held onto since he was only but a wee lad. To suit-up daily for a job reserved for only the best athletes, the most prolific of dunkers, and the goofiest of personalities.He knows it will be tough, but he wants only to assure his chance at a new Hall of Fame — for Mascots.Bryant has agreed, in part, to a contract rumored to be in the dozens. This deal will make him the NEW AND IMPROVED Golden State Warriors Mascot!After the Seattle Supersonics changed their name to “Thunder” and moved to Oklahoma City the Warriors have been stuck without a mascot. Theirs was also named Thunder and had to be eliminated. Bryant had been pining for the position with NBA Comissioner Adam Silver and Warriors owners Joe Lacob and Peter Guber throughout the waning years of his career. Finally, his wish was granted and he got the go ahead to create a new character called “The Black Mamba.”Stay tuned to the NBA. The season kicks off October 25, 2016, so get ready for some great Mamba action coming soon.








Late Thursday afternoon President Obama said in a speech to supporters that he wished to seek an unprecedented 3rd term as Commander in Chief. He cited his exemplary work at bringing the country back from the brink of economic catastrophe much like former socially minded, populist leader Franklin Delano Roosevelt.Obama expressed his discontent with the current level of Republican and even Democratic contenders for the Office of President. Ted Cruz he thought, lacks the forward thinking vision of a successful president. Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump he thought were too angry and lacked the personality of a member of the oval office.Flanked by a few of his most ardent Democrat supporters in Congress he announced the urgency to repeal a portion of the Constitution which forbids the president from seeking a 3rd term. Democrats have already pushed forth legislation which should accomplish just that.Obama stated:“I would put [my administration] up against any prior administration since FDR,” Obama said. “We didn’t ask for the challenges that we face, but we don’t shrink from them either.” He continued, “And the truth is, it will take more than a few years for us to solve challenges that have built up over decades. It will require common effort, shared responsibility, and the kind of bold, persistent experimentation that Franklin Roosevelt pursued during the only crisis worse than this one. That is why I wish to pursue another term, so that I may right the wrongs of past Republican leadership, and lead the country to a brighter future.”President Obama will issue an executive order later next week expanding presidential powers and eliminating the 22nd Amendment, according to news reports published by the AP and Reuters. Obama promised in his speech to ensure Americans understand the importance of defeating ISIS, sacrificing a degree of privacy for vital security, and to institute major Wall Street reform. Also on his agenda is a high speed rail system to be finished in 2020 and paid for by new stimulus money he will attempt to push through Congress in 2015. Socially Liberal Democrats and Progressives cheered the move as a major step forward to a more generous nation-state. Citing Republican obstructionism as the main culprit in his failure to implement these policies he promised us back in his campaign of 2008, he claimed a 3rd and possibly 4th term would give him more of the time he so desperately deserved.








“Back To The Future” is coming soon to a theater near you. Robert Zemeckis, director and original Back to the Future is reportedly completely on board.Christopher Lloyd said he would ‘love‘ to return to the trilogy that made him into a famous time-traveling scientist.  That would undoubtably be difficult given Lloyd’s current age of 77. Michael J. Fox is also 54, but both could possibly serve as mentors to a new set of younger actors.
Studio executives have been bombarding all three for some time about a full 3 film reboot. The success of Universal’s “Jurassic World” had reminded that the people who once pined after these original films are now a bit older, have a bit more money, and are desperate for the nostalgia of their youth.
“It’s making them insane that we don’t want to do another ‘Back to the Future,’,” Zemeckis said. His reason? He knows that a reboot would open big, but that’s all they care about.








Donald Trump, “the Moron with a Mouth,”  has grown tired of pandering to liberals, immigrants, and of course, Muslim extremists. Reports close to the President-Elect has said he is responding to HUGE security threats by personally selecting a group of rag-tag mercenaries made up of former military roughnecks and violent psychopathic criminals.The recruits will all be part of a secret government agency tasked with executing black ops missions. They will report directly to ‘The Donald’ himself.Trump reportedly said this to his generals:“I want to put together a team of very bad people who I think can do some good.”Emphasizing his business acumen, he also stated in a heated exchange with Defense Secretary and former General James Mattis:“Getting people to act against their own self interest is what I do for a living.”In exchange for their service, convicts will receive reductions in their sentencing based around the severity and difficulty of the missions completed.Anticipating some push-back from The Batman, Trump started an early campaign in 2013 to turn the Caped Crusader over to his side.Everyone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 18, 2013So far the move has panned out well. Batman still has legitimate concerns that a true supervillain may replace Trump in the White House, such as a Mike Pence or even Lex Luthor.








Bernie Sanders has reportedly come under the microscope of the political watchdogs as accusations concerning the source of his campaign donations have come to light.An undisclosed watchdog group is making waves stating that Senator Sanders received campaign donations from the likes of Socialist presidents such as Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro and Cuban President Raúl Castro.Reports suggest there is no single “smoking gun” showing these donations influenced Sanders’ in writing policy or legislation.Still, critics contend the donations are “clearly illegal” under federal and international law.In his view, a donation by a foreign government to a SuperPac backing Sanders while he’s running for President of the United States is similar to sending money directly to him given their power to influence elections.“The Constitution of the United States states explicitly that a politician cannot take money from foreign governments without explicit permission of the Congress. The danger of corruption in the election system is nearly ,” Greensblatt said. “You had a Senator who says he’s more the people and won’t take corporate money, all the while he’s taking funding from foreign Socialist governments.”He continued, “My point is they took money from foreign governments while he was a Senator. That is clearly criminal in nature.”Sanders had long parroted the ills of capitalism to wanting audiences, particularly the young. Earlier this year he stated, “You don’t necessarily need a choice of 23 underarm spray deodorants or of 18 different pairs of sneakers when children are hungry in this country. I don’t think the media appreciates the kind of stress that ordinary Americans are working on.”Sanders might want to pick up a copy of Economics for Dummies when he’s out an about promoting Marxist Egalitarianism.Sanders has not publicly voiced his support for the Venezuelan Socialist system but he has voiced his support for the British MP, and fellow socialist Jeremy Corbyn, who is not shy about his support for the deceased Hugo Chávez.








Russian President Vladimir Putin says that to avoid the increasing divide between America and Russia on the issues Bernie Sanders must become president.Taking a break from the situation in Syria, Putin found time to watch a replay of the democratic debate.“The clear winner was Sanders. Clinton side-stepped the real issues while Sanders showed his willingness to embrace change. He would be the best choice from all candidates running,” the Russian President stated.Vladimir Putin on Wednesday used RT to criticize the U.S. for failing in Syria and to voice his full support for Democrat Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who reportedly understood his own social and economic agenda.“We support the socialist government of America,” Putin said. Continuing, “Any 4th grade history student knows Capitalism has failed in every country, at every time in history. President Obama and his democrats are either idiots or purposely trying to destroy they own economy. And it’s my deep belief that any actions to the contrary in order to destroy the government will create a lawless situation which you can witness now in the other countries in the West.”Putin stated that Sanders must win to reduce gun violence in America and achieve lasting peace between their two countries.“When the state of Missouri deployed the National Guard to quell protests in Ferguson we were witness to American violence and destructiveness. Sanders, with his his experience, he can help them deal with their own extremists instead of creating new ones in Syria,” said Putin.We will have to wait and see if the Senator from Vermont can capture the nomination and the presidency.








(function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "72ed64d7-d456-4baf-bc1f-597c222c887c",
            d:  "ZGFpbHlsZWFrLm9yZw==",
            wid: "197261",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content-ad.net/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad197261").appendChild(s);
    })(document);

                    
        

        

        
            
            

    (function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "f7d23e60-2668-462f-b2a1-25151fee5050",
            d:  "ZGFpbHlsZWFrLm9yZw==",
            wid: "18990",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content-ad.net/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad18990").appendChild(s);
    })(document);








The Washington Wizards announced they are finalizing a sign and trade deal to acquire Kevin Durant from the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday morning. The trade will reportedly net the Thunder franchise significant picks and cash considerations.Rumors had been swirling since the summer that Durant’s frustration is in winning a championship. Sources say frustration with the team’s unwillingness to spend big in free agency also encouraged Durant’s early departure.Durant had unabashedly stated his interest in the Wizards in earlier interviews saying, “Believe it or not, I wanted to play for the Washington Wizards, that was my favorite team. They were a new team when I was growing up, so I wanted to be a part of that.”John Wall went out of his way to woo the star small forward from her former franchise:“We’re really close. And like I said, when the opportunity arrived to go ahead and throw a pitch at him, I had to take the opportunity to do it. I will love playing with him because I know how talented he is.”A representative from the Thunder released a statement saying, “We are honored and blessed to have worked with Kevin during eight wonderful seasons in Oklahoma City. We wish him the best in the future.”Durant is reportedly pushing Agent Jay-Z to build him up as a larger, worldwide brand. Seeing the reception Lebron received in returning to his hometown of Cleveland likely encouraged Durant to follow his lead and pursue a trade to his hometown team in D.C.








In a controversial effort to cut losses and get something out of their beleaguered, oft-injured quarterback owner Jerry Jones decided to donate Tony Romo’s body to science.Jerry Jones stated, “we valued our time with Tony, but at some point we have to make a business decision. There appears to be a profit in this and literally no revenue streams should be left untapped. At this time cutting up our losses and selling them to the highest bidder just makes the most sense. Going forward, Cassell makes the most sense. I only hope Matt understands the consequences of poor play.”The Dallas Cowboys are also considering bringing in 41 year old Terrell Owens, but for what we’re not really sure, possibly to replace the injured wide receiver Dez Bryant.Jones called Romo Wednesday to inform him that he would donated to Planned Parenthood so that his brain and organs could be harvested for science. Romo reportedly did not responded positively, even shedding some tears at one point, but realized it was the best decision for the organization going forward. Jones congratulated him for taking one for the team.Jones also stated he at one point wish to sign Tim Tebow but thought he might not agree with his recent business decision.








Fox, Disney, and Sony all own the movie rights to certain Marvel properties. Disney, who bought Marvel Entertainment back in 2009, controlled the majority of Marvel characters, but desperately wanted to acquire X-Men and Fantastic Four.Relations between Disney and Fox had been sour for some time up until recently when Disney made a deal to get one of Marvel’s most famous characters, Spider-man. We’ll see him first in the upcoming 2016 film Captain America: Civil War.In recent years Marvel Studios has been quietly moving to reacquire all its proprietary superhero characters such as Namor, Quicksilver, and the Scarlet Witch that it had sold off in order to avoid bankruptcy.Sources say it appears they’ve finally acquired the rights to the properties that had escaped their grasp.ScreenSlush reportedly sat down with Kevin Feige to talk about whether Marvel and Disney were now free to make an X-Men or Fantastic Four movie, and his answer was a resounding yes. Albeit with a caveat.It’s slightly more complicated than that. Let’s put it this way –we’ve removed some of the previous entanglements but there are still some hurdles to jump through. There are contracts that involve other parties. We now about the means to move forward with X-Men but there will still be dealings with Fox. As opposed to an Iron Man or Thor, where we can just throw them in, this is a little bit more complicated.Movie rights for the Marvel Cinematic Universe and related properties have become quite complex. No single studio owns the rights to all the Marvel characters. In this case it looks like 20th Century Fox has not given up rights to the X-Men and Fantastic Four franchises, but we could likely see crossovers in film similar to what we’re seeing with Quicksilver, the Scarlet Witch, and in the upcoming Captain America: Civil War movie starring Tom Holland as Spider-man.We will have to wait and see how Kevin Feige and the management at Marvel Studios choose to integrate their newly acquired characters into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.








A worry Seattle Seahawks fans have long been dreading finally came to fruition this morning. Anonymous sources the Seahawks sent SS Kam Chancellor to the Eagles for Center Jason Kelce and a 4th round pick.This move should help both teams solidify struggling parts of their respective squads. The Eagles secondary has given up too many big plays in the first two games of the season and the Seahawks have been struggling mightily in pass protection. Seahawks Drew Nowak may shift over to original position at defensive tackle. We could also see Malcom Jenkins move to his cornerback.“There’s been a lot of speculation regarding Chancellor being traded for the last few weeks,” an anonymous source stated. “The Seahawks and Kam Chancellor’s agent were simply to far apart on contract numbers.”Chancellor has shown little regard for fans on Twitter, blocking every fan who comments on his contract negotiations.Kam Chancellor’s blocking skills are so good on twitter he may consider coming back as an offensive lineman #Seahawks #liveonkomo— MIKE FERRERI (@MikeKOMOsports) September 16, 2015With Kam Chancellor coming back late in the season season there are some worries about him being in game shape, as well as his ability to quickly learn and help to improve the Eagles defense. Head coach Chip Kelly will have to grease the wheels to put the 0-2 team in serious playoff contention in the NFC East. Given the unfortunate injuries to Dez Bryant and Tony Romo overtaking the 2-0 Cowboys is looking a tad easier.In response Chancellor reportedly deleted his Twitter account then stomped his feet, flailed his arms around wildly, and threw a massive tantrum. Earl Thomas tried to get Kam to hug it out but Kam pushed him away.








Bill Belichick’s historic juggernaut that is the New England Patriots has searched far and wide for a quarterback to serve as Tom Brady’s replacement during the first 4 games of the upcoming suspension. From Tim Tebow, to Matt Flynn, to 45 year old quarterbacks, there don’t appear to be many options out there for this enigmatic franchise. Brady is expected to be out four games for his participation in #deflategate. He is currently appealing the decision with Commissioner Roger Goodell and the NFL. The penalty could be reduced to 2 games, or as fans hope, eliminated completely.In the meantime, Belichick needs insurance that his team will have a functional QB when the season starts. Aside from a couple otherworldly performances from Matt Flynn his career has a starter has been lackluster at best. This has left the Patriots’ head coach scratching his head and searching for creative answers. With the season slowly inching closer Belichick went back to the old NFL stalwart, Brett Favre.Per a league source, Favre has been released from the reserve/retired list. This allowed Favre to enter the waiver wire. Fortunately for the Patriots no other team even considered signing 45-year old Favre.The detailed are still be finalized but reports say he signed a heavily incentivized 1-year, $2.2 million dollar contract with New England. Most of his salary is dependent on his performance. The gunslinger will surely be prepared to conquer his foes on the field, ripped beard and all.Favre told reporters,“I can play,” Favre said. “As far as throwing. Of course, look at those ducks Peyton Manning throws in comparison to what I can do.” **flexes bicep**“Do I think I could play and lead a team? Look, no. But I could play. I could make all the throws I made before, I just couldn’t throw it near as far, but that never matters anyway.”








Stan Lee, long-time clairvoyant concerning everything in the Marvel universe, was hospitalized late Monday night after a long night on the set of Captain America: Civil War.Lee had been discussing the finer points of freedom, liberty, and true heroism with none other than Steve Rogers, or Captain America himself. Suddenly a flash! A bolt of lightning ripped out of the sky hitting him abruptly. Bang! The strike bounced off Lee and struck a container marked “Hazardous” releasing a burst of gamma radiation. This left the pugnacious Lee temporarily paralyzed. Why the actors were left on set in such precarious circumstances we may never know.Rogers quickly jumped into action and stopped Lee’s fall by catching Lee on his shield before he could hit the ground. An ambulance quickly arrived on scene and Rogers placed Lee into the back. In Rogers report he stated Lee had quietly moaned, “Excelsior!” before he shut the ambulance door.At the hospital in Atlanta, Georgia the enigmatic provocateur was placed into a containment unit in order to protect family, friends, and hospital workers from being exposed to any radiation. Although visitors were allowed into the late night their movements and interactions were strictly monitored.Around 2AM Lee insisted he be left alone for the night so he could get some rest. Reports show shortly thereafter, at around 3AM, a female figure with blonde hair, dressed in provocatively red attire appeared on the East wing of the hospital. She appeared not far from where Lee had been sleeping and appeared to be setting fires indiscriminately. Was she manifesting fire out of thin air?The figure made her way to Lee’s containment unit where she, possibly with the help of another, mysteriously moved from the hallway into Lee’s room without even opening a door. While there she administered a vial to the sleeping patient.An anonymous tipster called in at 6AM saying Lee would be visited by an Assassin known as Candra. However, it was too late. The deed had been done. It was too late to upgrade security. The local police and fire department had been too busy getting citizens to safety and putting out the growing fire.Lee woke up the next morning appearing fresh and considerably younger looking, albeit with a bit of a green hue, almost as if he’d been granted a new lease on life.








Hillary may have finally been stopped by the IRS of all agenciesWhat do Al Capone and Hillary Clinton have in common?On the surface, you would be correct in scratching your head and shrugging your shoulders; any of us would. After all, one is a notorious insider in the world of organized graft and corruption with allegations surrounding them of murders and ‘suicides’ to informants with scores of broken careers, lives, and blood on their hands. The other is Al ‘Scarface’ Capone, head of one of America’s most notorious prohibition era mobs.If you look with a discerning eye, similarities do emerge. Hillary Clinton was born in Chicago, Al Capone ran his underworld empire from there. Both grew up in the hard politics and life that is Chicago, Hillary in the elite circles, Capone buying off those in elite circles. Both have countless disappearances, mysteries, and deaths surrounding them.AdvertisementThere may very well be another link. A link that will astound and surprise many of you, the Federal Agency that ultimately hastens their downfall. It looks like that the very same agency that took down Capone in the 30’s when trafficking of alcohol, murder, and racketeering charges wouldn’t stick is potentially the same agency that will take down Hillary: the IRS.What goodies await us in The Clinton vaults?The Internal Revenue Service is investigating claims of ‘pay-to-play’ practices at the Clinton Foundation. Former prosecutor Katie Phang says an investigation such as this is usually serious but maybe not in this case. “Well, actually, normally I would say it’s pretty serious but we’ve seen with the whole Lois Lerner kind of email situation maybe it’s not going to be that heavy,” said Phang adding that the IRS should be as tough on the foundation as it would be with any other group.“Is the IRS really standing for the ‘Ineffective Review Service’ and not the Internal Revenue Service?  Is the tax exempt investigation that’s going to occur on the Clinton Foundation really going to reveal anything? Well, it should,” Phang told the FOX Business Network’s Ashley Webster.AdvertisementRep. Martha Blackburn (R-Tenn) has been leading a year-long push to investigate the Clinton use of funds which includes letters sent to the IRS and the FTC.For Blackburn, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is not a team builder. For over a year, Blackburn has been questioning the how the Clinton Foundation operates. She started with the IRS and followed up the Federal Trade Commission. “We sent a letter after the first of the year to the FTC asking about the charity [Clinton Foundation] and whether it was a scam charity,” she alleges that the Clinton Foundation gives about 15% of its donations to its missions far below the 50%-75%, other charities commit.“Interestingly enough what we heard back from them (FTC) was it was not a sham charity,” she added while noting that some charities have been shut down for giving less than 50%.At the Republican National Convention, she told FOXBusiness.com that the Clinton Foundation gives about 15% of its donations to its missions far below the 50%-75%, other charities commit. Despite her allegations, she said, “Interestingly enough what we heard back from them (FTC) was it was not a sham charity.”Advertisement“But is [IRS Commissioner] John Koskinen really going to look into the Clinton Foundation? It seems a little quid pro quo these days in terms of how the Clintons work with other people, so I’m not sure my confidence level is that high.” Conservative lawmakers are calling for Koskinen to be impeached for the way the IRS allegedly handled politically active nonprofits.In the end, Hillary is nothing more that a mobster in a pantsuitThe Democratic Party is no stranger to dealing with underworld elements. Rumors abound at the Kennedy Family’s ties to organized crime; there is the Daley’s of Chicago; Tammany Hall in New York; Jimmy Hoffa, the unions, and organized crime. So it would not at any lengths stretch the imagination to assume that the Clintons picked up a pointer or two on how to run a corrupt organization.When you think about it, one should be surprised if the DNC is not more run like an organized crime outfit. This past election cycle certainly showed that they know how to put the fix in and throw their own under the bus.Which brings us to the books and what may hide in the Clinton Vault.  Unlike the Geraldo Rivera episode on Al Capone’s vault, this one will reveal criminal collusion and conspiracy that could take down the current Administration (another Chicago alumni), several key corporate players from around the world and possibly right up to George Soros himself.AdvertisementUntil the IRS starts looking, we have no idea what goodies are hidden in their records. It will be earth-shattering, to say the least.Which makes it imperative that we install a new IRS commissioner, one that is not a lackey of Clinton of Obama; a commissioner that is dedicated to enforcing the tax code fairly and firmly, not inventing reasons to audit some while scrutinizing others as a form of political retribution.We need a strong IRS to track the trail of money, wherever it leads, willing to prosecute wrongdoing and blow the lid off all the secrets of the Clintons.Whether it is payoffs to Bill’s victims, pay for play access that nations and corporations that were corrupt bought to sway our government or even pizza sales, the whole unvarnished truth must be revealed. In the end, it will be revealed that Hillary Clinton is nothing more than a mobster in a pantsuit.Al Capone, Hillary and Bill Clinton, Barack Obama in this latest scandal involving the corrupt nature of Chicago-land politics and ways of doing business is falling victim to a saying of another Illinois politician, “You can fool some of the people all the time, and all the people some of the time. But you cannot fool all the people all of the time.”Abraham Lincoln is right in that regard, after 8 years of dirty dealing by the Obama’s and over 30 years of it from the Clintons, their attempts at fooling all the American people have finally starting to come to an end.Share:








Progressive liberal and Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos caught in bed with CIAWhen writing the 1st Amendment to the Constitution, one area of speech the Founders were specifically interested in protecting was that of a free press. They saw the press as a sort of fourth branch of government, one that would keep the “checks and balances” of the other three branches honest.However, over time the same press that was given protection has eroded into a propaganda machine driven by money and political agendas of those who own the media outlets. They have crawled into bed with the very entities they are to keep in “check” and bust out if corrupted.As such is the Mainstream Media today and one the American people no longer trust, and rightfully so given what is being exposed in recent years.AdvertisementThe majority of people do not know Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos purchased the Washington Post and is now the sole owner with no editorial board or ethical review committees to oversee the actions of Bezos as a publisher, much less the courage to stand against the new “boss.”It begs to question: How is Bezos connected to questionable intelligence leaks in recent months?What does he have to do with the sudden disruption of web services that kept millions from accessing whistle blowing website, WikiLeaks, during its explosive releases of state department cables?WikiLeaks Did A Lot Of Damage Against HillaryAdvertisementCables containing inside information revealing corruption within American politics linked to former secretary of state, and presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton.The majority of Americans do not know ‘leaked” CIA documents to undermine a new president and administration were leaked through the Washington Post first and after Bezos took the helm of “America’s newspaper.”Much worse and even more suspicious is the majority of the people have not been informed that Bezos landed a $600 million federal contract and by who? The CIA.The “deal” is for a computing cloud developed by Amazon Web Services (AWS). It also just happens AWS services all 17 agencies within the US intelligence community.AdvertisementAn unholy alliance in which Bezos stands to gain many more millions by pacifying and working with the CIA through his publication The Washington Post. “Leaks” and “information” Bezos will publish without question, without proper verification and journalistic sourcing.The CIA will now have its own propaganda publication to do whatever it likes in misinforming and manipulating the American people and the voters.Vital information intentionally withheld from the American people, as Bezos uses the Post to forge pocket lining government contracts while promoting his own personal political agenda.Is this lack of reporting of the Bezos/CIA partnership by the MSM the result of massive incompetency? Or a very well organized cover up within the MSM inner circle of four or five elitists who now own six companies that control over 90 percent of MSM outlets?The same outlets which through diverse company divisions own every television station and newspaper in this country with the exception of very small, weekly community publications and certain Christian networks. Even many of those community weeklies have been scooped up by larger publication divisions.AdvertisementAre we connecting the dots at each cross section of intertwining strings holding together this corrupt spider web? A vast interlocking network designed to lure and trap average American citizens into its carefully woven web of manipulation and deceit.The Washington Post is the most widely known and respected news outlet in the world, reaching more people than any other publication including the NY Times. It has always been the standard in which journalistic ethics are established and adhered to by other publications. It sets the example to be followed by the everyday journalists out there on the beat trying to do their jobs.By utilizing the internet and social media, the Post has literally millions of subscribers and followers reading and watching online video on a daily basis. It is the media center of the nation’s capital and the eye of the DC political belt.Control the Washington Post and you control the message; the MSM and the “agenda.”“The Post is unquestionably the political paper of record in the United States, and how it covers governance sets the agenda for the balance of the news media,” journalism scholar Robert W. McChesney revealed to Altenet.org in a December investigative article.“Citizens need to know about this conflict of interest in the columns of the Post itself,” he added.In the same article, a statement released by the Public Institute of Advocacy quoted McChesney as saying:“If some official enemy of the United States had a comparable situation — say the owner of the dominant newspaper in Caracas was getting $600 million in secretive contracts from the Maduro government — the Post itself would lead the howling chorus impaling that newspaper and that government for making a mockery of a free press. It is time for the Post to take a dose of its own medicine.”If this alliance between the CIA and Bezos isn’t illegal, then it is certainly unethical and displays a huge conflict of interest while also exposing the corruption existing within the MSM. The main sources of news and information Americans sought and believed, until the rise of alternative media outlets.Alternative sources of information the MSM bash and attempt daily to discredit as “fake news,” when “fake,” misleading and sometimes right out lies being spread across social media come out of the MSM and pseudo extremist left-wing sites erected simply to misinform and confuse the American voter.Soros Funds A Lot Of These Media SourcesMany Facebook pages and websites that have “popped” up over the past several years whose resources and money are being funded by George Soros’s well oiled “Media Matters” machine. Just one of many “nonprofit” organizations extending from his Open Society Foundation.Soros also has imbedded ties to many MSM outlets including The New York Times, the Associated Press, NBC and ABC and here it is again, the Washington Post. Readers are urgently encouraged to research Soros, his history and his worldwide organizations.Altnet also writes, “Amazon’s offer wasn’t the low bid, but it won the CIA contract anyway by offering advanced high-tech ‘cloud’ infrastructure.”So how is at a time government should be pinching pennies due to the increasing national debt, the CIA passed over lower bidders for the contracted services?The answer tracks back to the infamous blocking of the WikiLeaks website by Bezos’s company Amazon Web Services (AWS), a service Bezos personally and publicly brags is the most advanced and best high-tech “cloud” infrastructure on the market.“WikiLeaks was booted from Amazon’s webhosting service AWS. So, at the height of public interest in what WikiLeaks was publishing, readers were unable to access the WikiLeaks website,” reported watchdog group Fair in 2013.So why did AWS give WikiLeaks the boot? Most likely at the bequest of the CIA, whom Bezos has been doing business with since 2013 when the $600 million contract was awarded to AWS. Bezos also has close ties to the Clintons and backed Hillary in her failed run for the presidency, both in the 2008 primary campaign and in 2016 as the Democrat nominee.Bezos also publicly voices open contempt for President Trump, and his policies. He recently was behind the Washington challenge to Trump’s 90-day immigration ban and threatened suit himself in an email to his employees, as was reported on this site.Bezos, without any reference to stock holders input or lack of agreement, said he will put the full resources at Amazon to defeat the policy and implied his mission of taking down President Trump.Bezos led the charge against General Flynn using his solely owned Washington Post.It was Bezos’s Washington Post that first leaked documents and led the charge to discredit Trump’s national security advisor cabinet pick. General Michael Flynn was forced to resign due to the unverified information touted in the “leaks.” Flynn was cleared by the FBI of any wrongdoing in those leaks. But the damage was already done.In recent days, it has been revealed the CIA has full intention of attempting a coup to remove Trump from office, even though “The Donald” was democratically elected by American voters in a free election.And it appears in the CIA is in conspiracy with Bezos’s plan to use the Washington Post to achieve a mutual goal: to disrupt and destroy President Trump and his administration. A goal that has no regard or concern for national security or the safety and well-being of American citizens.Any impact on the average citizen, including possible loss of life by terrorist attacks is considered “collateral damage.”In an exchange of tweets on Feb. 15, John Schindler, former NSA analyst and national security columnist for the Observer answered a question asking what he thought was going on at the NSA right now. Schneider responded, citing a friend in the intelligence community reference to Trump:Now we go nuclear. IC war going to new levels. Just got an EM fm senior IC friend, it began: "He will die in jail."https://t.co/e6FxCclVqT— John Schindler (@20committee) February 15, 2017Which begs a bigger question than the unethical alliance between the CIA, Bezos and his Washington Post:Could Trump be impeached? Of is he in danger of befalling the same fate as President Kennedy? Being a previous “anti-establishment” president, Kennedy sought to disengage from the Vietnam conflict and dissolve the Federal Reserve, but was assassinated.Actions that directly impacted the CIA and wealthy elitists.Share:








Sick Bill Knows He Has Been ExposedLast night, October 10th, Donald Trump served and represented the Conservative party well during the second presidential debate. Friday, October 7th, a tape of Trump saying some unfavorable things magically surfaced before the big date was scheduled to air live.However, Trump didn’t let this phase him. He was confident, dominant, and displayed every quality a noble leader should when he was on stage against Hillary Clinton.Hillary Knows She Is In TroubleAdvertisementHe clearly mopped the floor with crooked Hillary, despite what CNN reports.Hillary Clinton said, “You know, it is uh, it’s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country.” Donald J. Trump nonchalantly replied, “Because you’d be in jail.”The crowd roared.We all know Trump is not the most politically correct individual and he thrives on speaking his mind. This is the reason he is favorable among many Republicans and appealing to undecided voters. However, the tape of Trump hitting on a married woman from eleven years ago made many Republicans worry Trump would retaliate against Clinton for campaigning against him, calling him a misogynistic, egotistic man.AdvertisementBut, something happened shortly after the old tape was released, something that has never happened before– Donald Trump apologized for what he has said.In a statement made by Trump himself, “The Donald” can be seen taking responsibility for his words. He owned up to something poor he said over a decade ago, humbling himself in the process, reminding us all that his adventures during this presidential campaign have helped him grow as a person.Working closely with blue-collared employees and listening to their grievances has helped him become a better man. You can see the sincerity but ferocity in Donald Trump’s eyes as he realizes what he has said years ago is wrong yet there is nothing he can do to change it.If that is the game Clinton is playing, then that is the game the Republican party should throw back in her face. Words said versus actions performed decades ago. Let’s see how the treatment of women pans out for Clinton and why she’s recently scrubbed the statement, “Rape victims have a right to be believed” off of her website (she plugs during each presidential debate).AdvertisementHillary could have retracted this statement given that Bill Clinton has assaulted many women and she destroyed a twelve year old rape victim in court years ago, but we are talking about the Clintons.Coming to light Friday NOT covered by the paid-off mainstream media is Juanita Broaddrick, a rape victim of Bill Clinton’s. According to Breitbart, Juanita was allegedly raped when she was thirty five years old in Arkansas. Her terrifying story sheds light to a gruesome attack by Bill Clinton and also Hillary Clinton, who tried to cover up, bully and intimidate the woman, attempting to ruin Juanita’s life. Hillary didn’t care that Bill was cheating or raping women and young girls, she only cared that he got caught and she had to clean up the messes.Juanita Broaddrick is not the only alleged victim of rape by Bill Clinton to step forward, Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey also made their presence known at Sunday night’s debate in St Louis, Missouri. All of these women testified that Bill Clinton forced himself onto them and bit their faces so hard that their faces were bruised and bleeding.AdvertisementTasteful, strategic and well thought out, Trump stood next to Hillary Clinton triumphantly as these four women looked at him as a knight in shining armor. He was going to slay the wicked witch who became a living nightmare for these victims of Bill Clinton’s sexual assault. Actions do speak louder than words, after all.Kathy Shelton, the twelve year old that Hillary Clinton called a liar and told the court “fantasized about older men” was also there, supporting Trump. No one asks to be raped and surely no one asks about the extremities of this then-child’s anguish of being beaten so badly and raped so viciously that the child fell into a coma for ten days and had to be “stitched up down there”. Kathy also was told after the incident that she would never be able to have children.She still cries about the attack to this day, but she is being strong, standing up for herself and rape victims everywhere in joining Trump at the debate. After Hillary represented the monster that raped Kathy when she was twelve, Hillary laughed in a recording, “He took a lie detector test! I had him take a polygraph, which he passed, which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs (chuckling and laughing).” These are the real words of an evil monster- these are words correlated with heinous actions we must be disgusted by.Let’s be real here, in 2005, Donald Trump was a business man and reality star king. He was not a politician and had no reason to care about what he said, he was just trying to fit in with the Hollywood crowd and never had to watch his steps. It’s very easy to be criticized by people like Hillary Clinton and her colleagues, who have been involved with politics nearly their entire lives and also by people that do not live an extravagant, billionaire lifestyle.Trump supporters feared that Donald Trump would bring up Bill Clinton’s past with alleged rape, getting involved in a messy back and forth with Clinton, taking attention away from the true topics and policies at hand during the second debate. Presidential debates are a platform to discuss economics and how to solve problems, not throw insults at one another like a five year old. Trump gave a stellar performance during the second debate, staying on topic and appearing to be very comfortable, not falling for Hillary Clinton’s bait. Trump is right- actions are louder than words and those four women being at the debate had a huge impact on the ambiance of the night.The first debate on September 26th was rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton. In the following video, you can clearly see the likes of a computer screen or teleprompter go off after the debate ends. Watch as the lights have already come on, people have already risen and then suddenly, her podium top fades into black. Trump’s podium never changes.A man quickly gathers things from Clinton’s podium, which is also slightly smaller than Trump’s, making her appear to be bigger and more powerful than she really is. Dressed in a bright red pantsuit, she definitely appeared larger than she normally does. They always say ‘watch out for the lady in red’.It is also suggested by major world pro poker player and other poker pros, Mike Matusow, that Clinton was signaling the moderator, Lester Holt, so Clinton could get her zingers in. It is also leaked that Clinton had the questions a week in advance and that the Clinton campaign intimidated Lester Holt or paid him off.She did seem rather confident and scripted and it is because the first debate was corrupt. It was like Trump did more debating with Lester Holt than he did with Hillary Clinton.All claims that Trump was domineering and creepily following Hillary Clinton around the stage to “intimidate her” are completely wrong and false. Trump was cheated out of the first debate and he did not want to be cheated out again. It is also safe to say this corrupt woman is paying $200,000,000 to slander Trump’s name and bring up distasteful things he’s said decades ago.Yes, decades ago, These remarks were made years ago, not yesterday.Words versus actions from years ago–who’s the true champion of women?Share:








California lawmakers are now restricting the rights of citizens in their own homes.In the city of Novato, California, the anti-smoking lobbyists have teamed up with the nanny-state to protect smokers from themselves, taking smoking prohibition to a new place, Californians’ private homes.The new regulations, coming from the city that first introduced smoking laws, are sweeping. They prohibit smoking from so many different places that they ended up simply stating where people are allowed to smoke. This list amounts to inside your single-family detached dwelling or in your car.This new regulation means that if you live in a condo, an apartment building, are standing outside a restaurant, or are anywhere except the two aforementioned places, you are not allowed to smoke.AdvertisementCalifornia’s Tobacco Education and Research Oversight Committee (TEROC) is responsible for recommending these measures to the state legislature. This group is made up of state level appointees. They give regulation advice to cities, the Department of Health in California, and the University of California. This organization is made up of medical doctors, high level educators, professional advocates, and lawyers. TEROC has a strong influence in policy matters.“Gotcha!”The regulation that is being enacted in Novato does not only prohibit cigarettes from domiciles. This ban includes the use of e-cigarettes and vaporizers in the above-mentioned places.California was the first state to prohibit smoking in restaurants and bars. The reason is that science has told us, secondhand smoke causes lung cancer. That claim is also the basis for these recent smoking regulations in the public sphere. Some argue that this is shoddy and biased science. A new, wide-scale study shows that secondhand smoke only showed an uptick in cancer chances when a person was exposed for over thirty years. There was virtually no increase for passive smokers who were exposed briefly to secondhand fumes.AdvertisementGerard Silvestri, of the Medical University of South Carolina and member of the National Cancer Institute’s Screening and Prevention Board says, “What this study basically showed is what people already kind of knew: at low passive exposure the risk is not that great.”The purpose of these regulations then, is expressed by Dr. Jyoti Patel of Northwestern University, “The strongest reason to avoid passive cigarette smoke is to change societal behavior: to not live in a society where smoking is a norm.”Thus, a new light is shed on these laws. They are not imposed to prevent cancer amongst passive smokers, the purpose is not to preserve the health of people who have decided not to smoke. They are a way of punishing people who have willingly and consciously decided to smoke. This is not a health initiative as much as it is a social engineering ploy by a state that wants to take the freedom from the hands of the individual because they don’t believe people can responsibly make their own decisions.“First they came for the bars…”AdvertisementThere is a social justice minded critique of this policy. Some argue that the specificities of this law are discriminatory. The regulations result in the total restriction of tobacco products (except, maybe, pipes) everywhere except stand-alone single-family houses and cars. This affects those that don’t have a car and can’t afford their own home. People that are poor, then, are not allowed to smoke in their homes. The California government is restricting the freedoms of people that cannot meet or exceed a certain economic threshold.The people on TEROC are all elites. They are doctors, lawyers, and advocates who want to control how the average person lives their life. TEROC is a counsel of would-be dictators and are not representative of the population. Of course, they are not expected to be. This counsel was not elected, they were appointed. Yet, elected leaders are supposed to represent the people of California. The people that are elected make the laws and the decisions that are meant to protect the people that gave them the job. Instead, these elected officials have decided to appoint others to push an agenda that is dictated by private interest groups.Now, one could argue that the motivating reason behind this particular special interest group is well-meant and, maybe, even good for the physical health of a society. They would point out that the tobacco industry profits off an addictive and severely unhealthy product; a product that causes cancer. People are sucked into this by psychologically exploitative commercials and pop-cultural conditioning of cultural standards. And it is now up to the counsel of professionals to get together and avenge, on behalf of the polis who have been tricked into paying exorbitant prices for their own death. Or something like that.But of course, in America, adults are free to make their own decisions. Many people want to and enjoy smoking. Shouldn’t people be allowed to do that in the apartment or condo that they own? Why can’t they exercise their freedom on their private property? So, are these regulations helping people or  unnecessarily imposing upon the private individual?“That’s some nice freedom you’ve got there, would be a shame if someone, trampled on it.”Those arguments miss the mark by misidentifying one of the basic directives of American government. The government, whether federal, state, or local, should in no way restrict personal freedoms. That is stated in the Constitution. These new regulations are an overreach into the lives of private individuals, infringing on the basic right of exercising one’s will, in a way unharmful to anyone else, on one’s own private property.Share:








Will Donald Trump Jr. (pictured) run for Governor of New York?When Jeb Bush was the Governor of Florida at the same time that his brother, George W. Bush was President of the U.S, many people wondered if America was becoming a kingdom. While such fears with the Bush family can be understood, Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) and his father, former Representative Ron Paul (R-TX), both served at one time, and no harm was caused at all. If the family in question is honest, while it may be suspicious, it is not always a catalyst for tyranny as some fear. That is the point that Donald Trump Jr. will likely drive home if he seeks the Governors Mansion in New York.While addressing members at the F6 Labs gun club in Hicksville, NY, the Junior Trump is reported to have said he is interested in the idea. A source said, “Don Jr. said he is interested in running for office, such as governor of New York, but the position of mayor of New York would be less interesting to him.” For Hillary Clinton, a person said to have designs on the Mayor’s desk of the Big Apple herself, this is likely something that is quite calming. It would be quite an accomplishment to be bested by two different Trump’s, after all. Nonetheless, it can not be gathered that Clinton would like being in charge of the biggest state in the union only to have Trump as her “boss” to some degree on a state level. Sometimes, reality is just so much more entertaining than any fiction that could be written.Trump Jr. may be wanting to make New York great again.AdvertisementDonald Trump Jr. is also not said to be interested in being “one of 100 Senators, nor a member of Congress,” according to the same source. It was as he took the stand proudly beside his father on the campaign trail that he asked himself, “Do I want to be behind the scenes and be a mouthpiece and fight back against crazy liberal media?” He then jokingly said, “ Maybe,” before adding in seriousness that “Going back to doing deals is boring after 18 months. The politics bug bit me.” This ties in with more bad news for Democrats as Chelsea Clinton has said that she is not going to run against Donald Trump Sr. in 2020. This she said only days ago. That means that every big name in the Democrat hat is proving to be of no use.It is Trump Jr. and his brother Eric who have taken over the Trump empire since their father was elected to serve. If he should really run and win the seat in New York, then Eric could rapidly find himself a very busy man. The younger Trump has not said that he would run, but Gov. Andrew Cuomo is up for re-election in 2018. Cuomo is said to be a likely choice for a presidential bid in 2020, so it could be that the stars are taking just the needed alignment for him should he attempt such a run. New York City is rabidly liberal, but as a state, Trump would have a better than average shot at claiming the prize. This could be all the more true should Trump as President prove to be half as successful as it seems like he is going to be.How would Clinton feel is she were Mayor of NYC while Trump’s son was her boss in some ways?If President Trump gets the economy running (or at least not limping), manages to soothe the war-ready Putin, and secures the border, he will be riding a wave that will not only be a doorway for Trump Jr, but also a time when Democrat seats will be lost in 2018. Presidents often see their popularity either sour or soar two years into office, and the White House seems dedicated to the idea of flying quite high. Still, before anyone starts praising our cursing the idea, the official word from the family is that this is not to happen. “Don [Jr.] has no intentions of running for political office at this time . . . [He] is totally focused on running the Trump Organization with his brother,” said a statement.AdvertisementJust the same, politicians do this all the time. Hillary Clinton did it before her failed run for the White House and she is doing it now with her Mayoral dreams in New York City. This could very easily be a Trump Jr. trial balloon just as easily as it could be something just thrown out there to cause a bit of questioning in the minds of Democrats who may run. Do they want to run against a Trump family member, or will they choose to wait until a better candidate comes along who will be less tiger-like? That is the game of politics, after all, so anything is possible. There is also nothing amiss about Trump Jr. flirting with the idea for future use. This is what America’s President did for years before he ran. Everyone remembers the Oprah interview, and that was not the only time that the billionaire real estate agent did so.Signs for Clinton as Mayor have appeared all over NYC. Will Trump Jr.’s threats to run dampen her hopes?With all of the Clinton’s and Bush’s, America can be understood when the voters say that they may not savor the idea of a Trump heavy nation. Some of the things that the Bush dynasty did were so vile that Trump is still speaking about and uncovering them even today. When this doubt is seen, it should be noted, but not used as a measuring stick that blinds one from giving the man a chance, should he really choose to run. What does he believe, what are his goals for New York? Just like we don’t want someone voting for someone because their last name is “TRUMP,” we don’t want someone NOT voting for someone for the same reason.Each man deserves to be judged on his merit, not the merit of others, even if those “others” are family members. That is the very thing that is being done to Judge Gorsuch on the left as they battle him to hurt the President. To stoop to that level of thinking is to be dull-minded, indeed. As for those who say, “can’t we choose someone who is not in the same family,” the answer is “YES!” There is still plenty of time for many people to enter. Just don’t be too surprised if President Trump is doing so well for America that New York wants his son to do the same there.Share:








The House Intelligence Commitee has been rocked by scandal in recent weeks.Congressman Adam Schiff, Ranking Member of the House Intelligence Committee, is the subject of a formal complaint lodged by political advocacy group Freedom Watch. Schiff, the ruling Democrat on the Russia investigation, is accused of deliberately obstructing justice by shielding party member’s misdeeds.
Schiff shot to widespread fame recently as the leader of the Democrat’s witch hunt. President Trump and his cabinet have been subject to extraordinary disrespect as liberals scramble to find ways to undermine his administration. The left is so eager to discredit Trump that they’re fueling baseless rumors.
Yet the investigation into Trump’s supposed ties to Russia hasn’t been totally fruitless. Democrats have managed to hang themselves with the noose intended for the president. Barack Obama, Susan Rice, and now Adam Schiff have all been scarred by revelations uncovered during the probe.
Advertisement“The President, when I met with him, said that he is happy to have whoever we wanted review the documents. His staff has opposed that, they were opposed to even letting my own staff review the documents, my staff director…So we’re still trying to get those documents for the full committee, we would like the White House’s help if they are sincere about wanting to share this information and have the oversight functions performed, they are to be facilitating this,” Schiff said Wednesday during an interview with CNN.
“But as yet we have not been able to make those documents available to the full committee,” he added.Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice is embroiled in the Trump surveillance investigation.The “documents” referenced by Schiff are, interestingly, the papers implicating former National Security Adviser Susan Rice in the so-called “unmasking” scandal. Schiff is willing to publicly accuse the White House of shielding information while he repeatedly tried to hide Rice’s actions.
AdvertisementThe Freedom Watch complaint alleges that Schiff “has been fully aware of and sought to cover up widespread crimes, multitudes of felonies, of warrantless surveillance of U.S. citizens within the domestic United States for partisan political purposes and partisan advantage, invasion of privacy, and illegal disclosure of classified information.”
Government scrutiny surpassed legal boundaries during George Bush Jr’s presidency. The frightened climate that existed after 9/11 allowed the Bush administration to engage in illegal surveillance with little consequence. Obama inherited a faulty system and made it worse.
Democrats like to blabber about individual rights and upholding the constitution, but their actions in Washington imply that what the left really wants is control. Media talking heads lambasted Trump after he accused the prior administration of spying on him; recent revelations show that is exactly what Obama and Rice were doing.
Did Schiff know about the crimes committed by his fellow party members? According to Freedom Watch, the answer is yes.AdvertisementPresident Trump continues to uncover his predecessors misdeeds.Their complaint reads: “In short, Ranking Member Schiff is actively committing obstruction of justice. Note that that is not just within the processes inside Congress. Schiff is actively seeking to conceal evidence of crimes that require criminal prosecution by federal prosecutors… Schiff’s misconduct does not only affect how the Congress or the Committee does its business. Schiff’s efforts are to interfere with actual prosecution of real crimes in federal court and before a federal grand jury. Schiff seeks to silence the Chairman and squelch any legitimate investigation.”
So much nonsense has muddied up the Russia investigation that it’s become hard to follow the truth. Democrats are continuing to protect themselves by deflecting blame onto Russian bogeymen. Trump’s innocence is now obvious but the true guilty parties are much more difficult to determine.
The most pungent controversy has been swirling for two weeks since House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes broke the news that Trump and his transition team likely were subject to federal surveillance, if only incidentally.
The information that Nunes based his declaration on has yet to be revealed. Democrats are clamoring to the see documents, perhaps because many still can’t believe that the prior administration was so corrupt.AdvertisementPolitical pressure forces Rep. David Nunes to recuse himself from the ongoing Russia investigation“The White House has made fools of their allies in the House of Representatives in the way they’ve handled this,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Wednesday. “They cook up some intelligence. They bring the chairman of the committee — a very distinguished position which he has tarnished — they use him as a tool to tell him what they have cooked up, now you go tell the President what we have cooked up and try to represent to the American people that this is legitimate intelligence.”
The left’s wild agenda to ruin Trump’s presidency has them hunting after Nunes like dogs but ignoring the actions of people like Schiff. Repeated calls for Schiff to recuse himself from the Russia investigation have gone unheard.
It’s uncertain how legislators will react to Freedom Watch’s complaint. Schiff is protected, both by his own party and a severely fractured opposition. Republican in-fighting might make it impossible to prosecute criminal Democrats.Share:








Obama’s real legacy is that half of the nation lives paycheck to paycheck after his reign.Obama’s legacy, some people say, is going to be that he brought healthcare to the nation. While Obamacare was heavily flawed, it was he that ushered in the era where even the Republican administrations that followed had to step up and accept that healthcare was now a federal matter. For them, this is a “win.” History books may proclaim that Obama was the one who “killed Bin Laden,” if that story is to be accepted as told. While such things can be debated, the fact that Obama’s REAL legacy is that HALF OF THE NATION lives paycheck to paycheck cannot be denied. This is thought to be the highest in American history, depending upon how such data is analyzed (not all time periods had “paychecks” as we do today).The New York Post reports that the first (alleged) Kenyan President of the United States has left a mess that, even seven years removed from the Great Recession, is far from repaired. This is at least true for 50% of the families that suffered through his economic policies, and now have no savings or financial cushion whatsoever. How many more families are two, maybe three checks from ruin? We’ve learned today that “1 in 5 Americans (19%)” can afford to set nothing aside for an emergency. It has been discovered that “1 in 3 Americans (31%)” are not blessed with even $500 for such an event. Meanwhile a MetLife survey has found that 49% of workers admit to being “concerned, anxious or fearful about their current financial well-being.”The so called “recovery” from the Great Recession is not what it was cracked up to be.AdvertisementThis is a far cry from the days less than 30 years ago when Reagan flew Gorbachev over our land of plenty and the Russian leader gawked from a plane at our wealth. That was Ronald Reagan’s legacy in the economy, something Obama will not have said about him by anyone ever! One reason for this is that Americans are said to be saddled with the same amounts of debt that they had during the Great Recession. Banks and corporations got bailed out, but the common American got the shaft. While Iceland was jailing their shady bankers, we were handing our shifty money scoundrels dollar bills by the fistful.The New York Federal Reserve has found that household debt is up from “its previous peak of $12.68 trillion in 2017.” The last time we saw this was 2008, the year of the crisis mentioned above. This time, instead of the housing crash, more Americans are vulnerable to auto and student loan debt. Student debt and the system that manipulates those students alone could be enough to devastate the economy when the true scope of its crash is known. This will hit financial systems like a tsunami striking a matchstick.How have we reached a level where 1% of the world owns more wealth than half of the people on the planet?The Post article mentions that a registered nurse (hardly the working poor) was recently devastated by a $100,000 medical bill for migraines and mini-strokes. If that bill didn’t cause her a massive stroke, that itself is a miracle. Even when the nurse, Wanda Battle, got the costs “down” to $32,000, she pays $650 a month on her bills. How can anyone be expected to pay off such a massive debt? Some, like Obama, suggest “cutting the cable bill” and living more frugally. Not only is this always said by those who can live however they wish to, but there are not many cable bills coming in at $100k (or $32k, for that matter). This is the kind of thing that is destroying our nation.AdvertisementThe U.S. Federal Reserve, itself facing audit, has said, “A key consideration regarding household finances and overall economic well-being is the ability to withstand financial disruptions.” How can this happen when it is their very policies, more than anything else, that had lead to such a thing being all but unobtainable? Out of 9,000 adults who suffered a “financial hardship,” many of them had to raid saving accounts (which depending on the depth of the raid is acceptable to some degree), borrow, or both. When one is already underwater from a crisis, the latter two options are a death sentence financially. Sadly, 20.5% of those who reported such hardships earn less than $40,000 per year. For those earning between 40k and 100k, only 11% suffered likewise, so the two are connected, as well.Student loan debt is a hellish monster that is going to destroy the American economy.Only 25% of Americans have $8,000 or more saved, but with even an adjusted bill of $32,000, such as nurse Battle received, that puts a person right back in the matchstick tsunami image when it is really analyzed. They may as well have nothing at all. The left loves to say that a better economy was inherited by Trump from Obama than from Bush to Obama, but that is pure fantasy. The only reason that it looks to be so is that in years prior, unemployment was defined roughly as “those seeking work and who can not find it,” to paraphrase.When the economy got so bad that those who wished to find employment could not do so, they gave up searching for work, and the “new way” that the data was complied changed, too. In order to make the numbers look good for Obama, those workers who gave up even trying to find work were magically factored OUT of the unemployment numbers. That meant that,  “PRESTO!”, the problem was solved. Now unemployment is defined as “those seeking work and who can not find it, while some of those who can not do not count.”  That really is the clearest way to define what was done. That is why Obama’s numbers on this issue look so much better than they really are.AdvertisementWhile that is a nice trick on paper, the facts remain what they are. The reality is that the reason why so many hard working Americans have quit seeking work is because there is no work to seek. One can not get blood from a rock, it is said, and one can not get a job after NAFTA, it is known. Compound this awful state with the fact that most workers who are now despondent, wondering whatever shall they do, were suckered into the above-mentioned student loan ploy. They were not only promised jobs that were sent to distant shores, but they were also lied to about their loan rates. Those rates soared the moment that there was no way to pay them back. There is no way to pay them back because they were lied to about jobs. See how this evil circle works?Because so many Americans are baited into feeling like they need a pricey car that they can’t afford, the auto loan crisis looms like a dark cloud of unpaid debt.Good, because President Obama and the entire left side of the country do NOT! States have found that they can give free college education away and it works well. The fed has found that it can bankrupt families when it even simply loans them money. That is how bad the government is with capital on that level. Now that debt, auto loans, and whatever is left of the housing market are all seeing the same things covered that caused the mess in 2008, the economy is not very stable. There is a storm brewing, and half of the country are about to get very, very wet.Share:








Devin Nunes (R-Ca), House Intelligence Committee Chairman (pictures above).Ever since President Donald Trump took office, unhinged liberals have been desperate to show he’s a terrible person. Since their allegations against him continue to be disproved, they’ve tried to attack those he’s surrounded himself with. In some cases it has worked; in others, it has made them look awful. It seems like their current strategy is to attack conservatives involved in investigating Russian ties to the President. They appear to believe that an impartial probe of the Trump campaign cannot be done by a Republican and are crying “collusion” every chance they get. The lead representative investigating Russian ties, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Ca), just announced that he is no longer going to be involved in the case. He stated that he didn’t want the liberals’ campaign to get the Ethics Committee to investigate him for misconduct to distract from the very important work being done.Devin Nunes removes himself from Russian investigation.AdvertisementThe Chairman told reporters early Thursday that he has decided to remove himself from the inquiry into alleged Russian misconduct. The government is currently investigating how much of an influence the Russian government had in our most recent election. Rep. Mike Conaway (R-Tx) will now take the lead in this case “with assistance” from Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) and Rep. Tom Rooney (R-Fl). “I believe it is in the best interests of the House Intelligence Committee and the Congress for me to have Representative Mike Conaway, with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney, temporarily take charge of the Committee’s Russia investigation while the House Ethics Committee looks into this matter,” he said. Conaway indicated to reporters he was ready to take over. “We’re going to pursue the investigation [and] follow every lead to its logical conclusion,” he said. “We’re going to conduct the investigation and I’m looking forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pursue every lead,” adding, “I’ll need cooperation from both sides to make that happen.” Mike Conaway, U.S. Representative for Texas’s 11th congressional district.Since the representatives now in charge are also Republican, the left is likely to attack them as well. They’re not worried about getting to the truth. They just want to punish conservatives for beating them in the election and stopping former President Barack Obama’s unfair, last minute appointment to the Supreme Court.  AdvertisementDespite stepping down from the investigation, Nunes will still be the Chairman and will have plenty of work to do. However, in order to focus on important tasks, he must first deal with the distracting ethics claims launched against him. He said he planned to visit the Ethics office to “expedite the dismissal of these false claims.”According to Nunes, these allegations have to do with politics more than facts. He believes these claims were strategically timed to pull attention away from recent revelations that former National Security Adviser Susan Rice pushed to “unmask” the identities of certain U.S. officials, whose names were later revealed to the public. Specifically, he said, “the charges are entirely false and politically motivated, and are being leveled just as the American people are beginning to learn the truth about the improper unmasking of the identities of U.S. citizens and other abuses of power.”Paul Ryan (R-Wi), the Speaker of the House of Representatives, supported Nunes, saying, “Devin Nunes has earned my trust over many years for his integrity and dedication to the critical work that the intelligence community does to keep America safe. He continues to have that trust, and I know he is eager to demonstrate to the Ethics Committee that he has followed all proper guidelines and laws.”Paul Ryan (R-Wi), the Speaker of the House of RepresentativesAdvertisementThe Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff (D-CA), also spoke favorably of his decision to step down. “I know this was not an easy decision for the Chairman, with whom I have worked well for many years. He did so in the best interests of the committee and I respect that decision,” he said. Nunes’ announcement comes after reports that the House Committee on Ethics stated it was looking to whether or not he “made unauthorized disclosures of classified information, in violation of House rules, law, regulations, or other standards of conduct.” These allegations have come from a variety of Democrats desperate to find inappropriate behavior.Many are pleased to hear Nunes is finally being investigated, especially after he went to the White House to view classified documents. Democrats have wanted him to be removed from the case since the beginning, arguing that because he was a member of Trump’s transition team, he cannot be an impartial arbiter of justice.Towards the end of March, Schiff had personally demanded that he recuse himself due to the fact that he had worked with the President during and shortly after the election. Specifically, he said, “We’ve reached the point, after the events of this week, where it would be very difficult to maintain the credibility of the investigation if the Chairman did not recuse himself from matters involving either the Trump campaign or the Trump transition team of which he was a member.”House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) also spoke out against Nunes, saying, “the Chair of the House Intelligence has a serious responsibility to the Congress and to the country. Chairman Nunes’ discredited behavior has tarnished that office. Speaker Ryan must insist that Chairman Nunes at least recuse himself from the Trump-Russia investigation immediately. That leadership is long overdue.”AdvertisementNunes is not the only person who has had to remove themselves from any activity having to do with Russia’s alleged involvement in the campaign. Just recently, Attorney General Jeff Sessions also had to recuse himself after he consulted with ethics officials who said that since he was involved, he shouldn’t be the one looking into it. United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions.Despite the fact that it’s unlikely Nunes acted unethically, it doesn’t matter. Even if it’s proven that Nunes is innocent, the fact that these claims have been made about him in the first place prevent him from ever being able to resume his role in the investigation. His character was attacked and successfully damaged by authoritarian liberals, preventing him from fulfilling the entirety of his duties as Chairman. President Trump should push for policies that discourage these types of questionable political tactics. Share:








Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee are using the committee as their own political propaganda machine. The committee is investigating alleged Russian ties to Trump associates.With the House Intelligence Committee only beginning its investigation into unfounded allegations of a Trump and Russian partnership in last year’s presidential campaign, already political shenanigans have erupted with one Progressive Democrat committee member publicly stating “people will end up in jail.”According to a Blaze report, House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Joaquin Castro (D-Texas) told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer he was “confident more than one person would be charged with criminal activity and sent to jail as a result of the investigation into collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government before the election.”“Certainly as all Americans have seen by now, quite a lot of smoke, the investigation is to determine whether there’s a fire or not,” Castro told Blitzer during the interview.AdvertisementBlitzer went on to ask Castro if any hard evidence had been presented to him personally, a question Castro slyly dodged refusing to give any specifics by responding:“I guess, I would say this,” Joaquin said, “that my impression is, I wouldn’t be surprised after all of this is said and done, that some people end up in jail.”Considering the committee has heard only a few hours of speculative testimony by FBI Director James Comey and NSA chief Michael Rogers, Blitzer appeared shocked at Castro’s statement. He even surprisingly pointed out no real evidence has been uncovered.Advertisement“Really? And how high does that go in your suspicion, and that’s all we can call it right now,” Blitzer replied.Given recent uncovered evidence of biased and “fake news” reports by liberal leaning CNN, perhaps Blitzer has decided to actually do his job as a journalist. He continued to push Castro for more specific details by asking who was allegedly involved and if some of “these people” are currently serving in Trump’s administration.Castro however, continued to dodge Blitzer’s questions by refusing to give any evidence, and instead was allowed to forge ahead with his politically motivated insinuations that people close to Trump are going to go jail. Which begs to question:Was the Blitzer interview legitimate journalism or just one more carefully planned and coordinated propaganda piece to discredit the Trump administration?AdvertisementAfter all CNN pundit, Donna Brazile, has admitted to giving Hillary a list of town hall questions prior to the CNN presidential debate, and the news media outlet is certainly unashamed of their unabashedly bias against President Trump.A former investigation by Obama’s Director of Intelligence, James Clapper, cleared the President and his campaign staff of any connection with alleged, and yet to be proven, accusations that Russia leaked emails from the DNC and Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager John Podesta.An accusation by the former Obama administration that intensified already strained relations between the two superpowers. An accusation Russian President Vladimir Putin and WikiLeaks, who released the emails, both strongly deny.Progressive Democrats have continually whined and cried it was because of those emails their queen of the Democratic Party was dethroned, losing the election to President Trump. They have repeatedly refused to accept the defeat and have organized under Obama and former White House appointees like former AG Loretta Lynch. It’s a campaign to cause as much disruption and chaos as possible for the Trump administration.AdvertisementThe intelligence committee’s investigation came to a screeching halt only after one day of testimony in which neither Comey or Rogers revealed one shred of evidence that Trump or his associates were guilty of any illegal or unethical intrigue against the DNC or Hillary, as reported here two weeks ago.Instead of presenting evidence, Comey gave his “personal” viewpoint under questioning by the committee’s Democrat members while stone-walling GOP member’s questions with the same answer, “I will not answer that.” But GOP committee members Con. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) and House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) took Comey to task on his speculative “view points” and refusal to provide evidence.Democrats used their time during the first hearing to go on long diatribes spewing out unchallenged speculation and unfounded accusations against Trump and his administration. This was done without any evidence of proof in order to enter their speculative “facts” into the record as though the allegations are true.And now the investigation is at a standstill according to the Washington Post (WaPo), because Comey and Rogers were to be scheduled for a closed session involving classified information the next week. However, Comey is apparently the reason for the holdup. The intelligence committee is waiting to question Comey on the classified information before proceeding forward in calling more witnesses.WaPo reported Nunes stated, “it would be difficult to schedule interviews or depositions ” before Comey and Rogers “returned to Capitol Hill for additional closed-door testimony, following open testimony they gave two weeks ago.”“Nunes said Monday that the Comey and Rogers meeting has still not been scheduled and that the holdup was ‘with Comey, not with anyone else,'” reported WaPo.Previously the committee had several witnesses lined up to testify last week including Clapper, former CIA director John Brennan and former acting AG Sally Yates. Those hearings had to be canceled due to Comey holding up needed closed door meetings with the committee, which brings forth the question:Why is Comey delaying the investigation? A question the liberal Jeff Bezos’ owned WaPo appears not to be asking nor provided any reasons why Comey is being allowed to delay his closed meeting appearance before the committee.It is no great secret of Bezos’ love for liberal progressive ideas and his ties to the Obamas as seen here giving Michelle Obama a kiss. It is well known of Bezos’ contempt for President Trump.Perhaps Comey needs time to get his ducks in a row about potential questions of uninvestigated leaks of classified information to WaPo and the illegal surveillance of President Trump and his associates during the presidential campaign?Could it be WaPo is avoiding a thorough journalistic investigation itself because Bezos is guilty of colluding with the CIA and FBI in leaking top secret information and illegally “unmasking” the name of former Trump NSA head Michael Flynn? Flynn’s name was masked in an unrelated investigation of a Russian ambassador exposed in a New York Times article and circulated by WaPo.Although proven to be innocent of any wrongdoing and was a victim of the hit pieces by the MSM giants, Flynn was forced to step down.Could it be Bezos who publicly voices his contempt for President Trump is trying to silence the fact his company, Amazon Web Services, has a $600 million government contract with the CIA? After all, it provides “cloud” storage services for the spy group and 17 other federal intelligence groups.Or is it that he and other liberal elitists, including the MSM, are working a “deep state” campaign with Obama to take down President Trump and his administration, regardless of the cost to national security and possible endangerment to the lives of American citizens?It’s a vindictive campaign against the will and vote of the American people that now includes Progressive Democrats, such as Castro, who are using the House Intelligence Committee as their personal political propaganda machine. They are wasting taxpayer dollars to “investigate” charges which have already been proven to be “fake news.”Share:








Utah governor is pleased with confirming a 120-year-old law.As early as 1862, the United States had deemed polygamy a crime. In Utah, where approximately two-thirds of the population is Mormon, plural marriages have been a felony since it became a state in 1896. Over 120 year laters, lawmakers in LDS state are creating hype over confirming the law; and practicioners are demanding their rights.In 1879, the Supreme Court upheld the anti-polygamy to be constitutional. Beginning in 1880, federal officials began prosecuting those cases. The large communities of Mormons, or Latter-day Saints (LDS), were largely left alone. In places like Utah, polygamy was common and ignored. The church claims that the problems began when Mormons began spreading out across America. Non-church members saw the multiple-partner marriages as an abomination.As they expanded, the church took a harder stance on polygamy, denying that it was still going on and trying to explain it. “The Book of Mormon identifies one reason for God to command it: to increase the number of children born in the gospel covenant in order to “raise up seed unto [the Lord]” (Jacob 2:30). Plural marriage did result in the birth of large numbers of children within faithful Latter-day Saint homes.”AdvertisementSimultaneously admitting and defending their actions, they were telling the public that it had stopped. “…monogamy was advocated in the Church both over the pulpit and through the press. On an exceptional basis, some new plural marriages were performed between 1890 and 1904, especially in Mexico and Canada, outside the jurisdiction of U.S. law; a small number of plural marriages were performed within the United States during those years. In 1904, the Church strictly prohibited new plural marriages. Today, any person who practices plural marriage cannot become or remain a member of the Church.”As the LDS church was struggling to present an acceptable and legal view to the public, polygamy was ongoing. Church members and often high-ranking leaders were accused of not only having multiple wives but taking underage brides and abuse. Women leaving the church were finally talking about their experiences.You might expect all the scandals would top the practice, or at least force it further underground. Neither happened, starting in 2010 there has even been a reality television show about polygamy called Sister Wives.AdvertisementUtah Governor Gary Herbert promoted his activities this week as he signed a bill that “keeps polygamy a felony.” Apparently the penalties have changed, becoming harsher, but that appears to be the only difference.As he makes this highly flouted but non-momentous decision, the question is being asked, is the law even being enforced? The answer is convoluted.Mormons who practice the lifestyle are open and uncompromising; they will continue despite the laws, as they always have. They and their attorneys say that if the marriages are between consenting adults, the state can’t do anything. Joe Darger, an outspoken opponent of the bill, has three wives. He dared officials to charge him with a crime.Some lawmakers seem to agree, the state doesn’t pursue polygamists who haven’t committed other fraud or abuse as well. The recent bill was actually in response to a lawsuit that occured when they did try.AdvertisementJoe Darger, center, challenged lawmakers to come after him for his polygamous relationships.The Brown family, stars of the show Sister Wives, sued Lehi, Utah city police for looking into their multi-partner relationship. The court ruled in favor of the Browns, raising many questions about polygamy.This led to the state of Utah and the courts defining the difference between polygamy and bigamy. While often used interchangeably, the law states that bigamy is a punishable crime, polygamy is not. Polygamy is “defined as three or more people living together and one or more ‘spiritual’ marriages existing among that group.”On the other hand, bigamy is the practice of one person having “multiple active marriage licenses.” The splitting of hairs in definitions would force prosecutors to prove that each polygamist has coinciding, active marriage licenses. This makes them a bigamist which is the actual felony.AdvertisementOutside of that, it is simply seen as a lifestyle choice. A man can have as many wives as he wants as long as he only has one marriage license. When Federal Judge Clark Waddoups ruled for the Browns in 2013, he was essentially saying that the bigamy laws could not be applied to polygamists.Children being exploited is one of the many issues the polygamous lifestyle can encourage.The new law confirms that the state agrees with his assessment. To be considered a bigamist, the offender now has to live with his extra spouse and claim marriage. Only one or the other was required prior to this.Even the Sound Choices Coalition, which tries to discourage polygamous marriages, supports the new bill. They issued a statement saying;“Polygamy is an antisocial, unsustainable practice that hurts many, so we are pleased that the state of Utah has taken action to demonstrate that it takes the abuses of polygamy seriously. Polygamy has enjoyed de facto decriminalization for decades, and polygamists will continue to be in no danger of prosecution unless they commit other crimes. We trust that the attorney general’s office will use this new law as it uncovers criminal activities within polygamist communities.”The disconnect in the state was apparent through all of this. Polygamists continue to insist that any investigation or prosecution impedes their rights. Lawmakers prepare to take a hard stance, but it may only be for the cameras.Is polygamy a choice or is it forced on women by an unrelenting religious community? Should it be allowed if all the people involved are adults? How hard is law enforcement working to tell the difference?All those questions remain, the bill changes little. It is neglectful to avoid the fact that the practice encourages wrongful and unlawful behavior. Religious freedom does not allow child endangerment or abuse. Utah doesn’t need to reinforce laws they have never followed in the first place. They need a serious discussion on the practice of polygamy and what it means for innocent women and children.Share:








The USDA places these traps to kill; that is exactly what they do.“The M-44 ejector device is an effective and environmentally sound wildlife damage management tool. The spring-activated device delivers a dose of cyanide powder to targeted animals. It uses a cyanide capsule that is registered as a restricted-use pesticide by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The device can be used only by trained certified applicators.”This “trap” is what Canyon Mansfield, age 14, came across while walking his dog one day. The pair was reportedly only about 350 feet from their family’s home. Canyon told reporters, “I see this little pipe that looked like a sprinkler sticking out of the ground. I go over and touch it. Then it makes a pop sound and it spews orange gas everywhere.”The orange gas that covered them was cyanide, placed in the ground by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), to kill so-called nuisance animals. Advertisement“The M-44 device is triggered when a canid (i.e. coyote or wild dog) tugs on the baited capsule holder, releasing the plunger and ejecting sodium cyanide powder into the animal’s mouth. The sodium cyanide quickly reacts with moisture in the animal’s mouth, releasing hydrogen cyanide gas. Unconsciousness, followed by death, is very quick, normally within 1 to 5 minutes after the device is triggered. Animals killed by sodium cyanide appear to show no overt signs of distress or pain.”Doing its job, the device killed a dog that day in Pocatello, Idaho, but not a wild one. The family’s 3-year-old Yellow Labrador Casey died quickly, just like the USDA says it would.“We are devastated,” mother, Theresa Mansfield, told Fox News. “My dog died in less than 2 minutes. My son was rushed to the hospital covered in cyanide.”Canyon was able to think quickly, wiping as much of the poison off as he could. It possibly saved his life. Fortunately, there was no rain that day. Otherwise the moisture-reactive cyanide might have killed the boy as well.AdvertisementIt may have just been luck that Canyon wasn’t killed along with Casey.Captain Dan Argyle of the Bannock County Sheriff’s Office said, “We’re still trying to figure out how he wasn’t affected. We think a strong wind blew it [the cyanide] downhill when the device went off — right in the dog’s direction.”The government maintains that the traps are not capable of killing a child. Captain Argyle strongly disagrees, stating that Canyon only weighs about 20 pound more than the dog. “He’s very lucky to be alive.” The teenager’s blood will continue to be checked for cyanide levels.The USDA Wildlife Service’s website claims that the traps are designed to “control coyotes, wild (feral) dogs, and red, gray, and arctic foxes.” The average weight of a coyote is between 20 and 50 pounds. AdvertisementCoincidentally, the same weight as a one-year to seven-year-old girl or a 10-month to seven-year old boy. If a younger child had been with the dog, he or she could easily have been poisoned to death.According to Captain Argyle, and the USDA website, there are supposed to be signs posted to warn people about any traps in the area. That brings to mind large, easily-seen, weatherproof warnings. Unfortunately, that is not the case.The signs that the USDA places close to the deadly traps. They are neither durable nor adequate.The signs could be easily covered by snow, washed away by rain, or torn out of the ground by wind or animals. The website also claims they do not place traps on property without permission, either from the landowner or the government.Captain Argyle said, “We did not observe any signs at the location.” Canyon’s father, Mark Mansfield, confirmed, “We didn’t know anything about it. No neighborhood notifications and our local authorities didn’t know anything about them. The sheriff deputies who went up there didn’t even know what a cyanide bomb was.”AdvertisementThe danger was increased when an inspection revealed another trap close to the Mansfield home. Apparently, both were set on February 25, “without the family’s knowledge or consent.”The device that exploded and killed a family pet.This is not the only incident. Earlier in the week, the Helfrieck family was out on a walking trail they have used for 20 years. They were approximately 50 miles from Casper, Wyoming. On the trail was Amy Helfrieck, her husband, and their 8-year-old daughter. Mrs. Helfrieck’s sister and brother-in-law were also with them.Suddently hearing her husband yelling, she turned to see him carrying their dog and running towards her. Mrs. Helfrieck, who is a nurse, attempted to open the dog’s mouth to help Abby breath. “She was having a lot of difficulty breathing and I knew at that time she was dying. What I didn’t realize was that we were exposing ourselves to a very deadly poison.”The sister’s dog Molly was also killed. The family reports there were the required signs. However, they were placed only about 5 feet away from the trap, leaving no early warning for the hikers. The Helfrieck’s daughter and a picture of Abby.These traps, very effective against pets, are used to prevent wild animals from attacking and killing livestock. The USDA states;“Coyotes, foxes, and feral dogs cause substantial damage to livestock and poultry producers, particularly those with sheep and goats. After studying a petition to ban the M-44, EPA determined that predation accounts for a significant portion of premature livestock losses. EPA found that the use of M-44s have significant benefits in reducing predation on livestock without negative long-term impact on the target predators or other nontarget species.”The two families who have lost their beloved pets would certainly disagree with that statement. Other critics argue that taxpayers should not be spending money to protect private property. The traps are unselective. They cannot distinguish between predators after livestock and those who are just hunting.A wildlife advocacy organization called Predator Defense is part of the movement to ban these devices. Brooks Fahy, the executive director, calls the traps “nothing more than landmines waiting to go off, no matter if their victim is a child, a dog or a wolf.”He further explains that, “Much of the public remains totally in the dark about the fact that these deadly devices are placed on private and public lands nationwide. M-44s are totally indiscriminate. Worse yet, they are unnecessary, as the majority of the animals killed have never preyed on livestock.”These recent incidents demonstrate the rationale behind Fahy’s words. If a rancher needs to control predators on their land, they have a right. However, traps placed on public lands are harming innocent people and animals. This method is outdated, expensive, and deadly to the wrong animals. Next time it could easily be a child.Share:








Arkansas authorities are investigating the case of a corpse stuffed inside a suitcase and abandoned in a farmer’s field.Arkansas police have been working to solve the case of a corpse stuffed inside a suitcase and abandoned in a field. Late last week the corpse was identified as Robert Brooks, an 89-year old WWII veteran from Youngstown, New York. The body wasn’t dismembered as the man was only four feet and eleven inches. Police don’t consider it a homicide at this point.David Gilbo, of the Youngstown Police Department, told the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, “He was a war hero who could have been buried at the [Arlington] National Cemetery. Instead, he ends up in a suitcase dumped in a field in Arkansas.”Gilbo said the man died of natural causes in his home likely about a month before his body was found March 5, Fox News reports. He had been living in upstate New York with his caregiver, 56-year old Virginia Colvin. She had cared for him since 2012. Colvin’s boyfriend, Michael Stivers, was also present in the home.Advertisement“Why did they decide to take the body from here, instead of calling for an ambulance, is yet to be determined,” Johnstown Police Lt. Dave Gilbo told WRGB, a CBS affiliate in Albany.Right now, the authorities think the couple did not report his death in order to keep collecting his Social Security benefits. They have checked the couple’s bank statements. If that was the case, no monies have thus far been collected.“They got caught early,” Gilbo told the Arkansas-Democrat Gazette. “We are checking their bank statements, but they didn’t have much time to collect any money if they were doing that.”Colvin told authorities that Brooks had always expressed his desire to be buried in Arkansas and that’s why they were moving him there. Family members deny the claim, saying that Brooks had briefly lived in Arkansas at one point, but was from New York. He not told his family that he wanted to be buried anywhere else. Both Colvin and Stivers have family members in the state. They drove from New York to Arkansas, some 1,300 miles, with the month-old corpse in a large blue suitcase riding in the back of blue pickup truck. On March 5, they stopped in Des Arc, Arkansas. That was when police received the emergency call, the Washington Post reports. The call described a couple selling furniture and junk from the back of a parked truck when the morbid discovery was made.Advertisement“One of the patrons of this sale went to the back of the truck and unzipped a larger blue suitcase and saw a body,” Prairie County Sheriff Rick Hickman told ABC affiliate Sky 7.The pair fled the scene, getting about 15 miles out of town. They stopped to dump the suitcase in a farmer’s field in Prairie County and then split. Police caught up with them but released Colvin because they could not find the incriminating suitcase. Stiver, however, was arrested on an outstanding warrant for not paying child support.Virginia Colvin and boyfriend Michael Stivers are charged with abusing the corpse of an 89 year-old World War II veteran.The deputies located the house where Colvin was going in Perry County and placed it under surveillance until they could get a search warrant. On March 8, the police finally connected Colvin to the incident and arrested her. Both Colvin and Stivers face felony charges of abusing a corpse. Police have finally made contact with Brooks’ son in North Carolina and obtained DNA samples from him to confirm the identity of the body.AdvertisementLonoke County Jail, where Michael Stivers is being held on a child support warrant while awaiting felony charges on abusing a corpse.New York authorities are not attempting to get the couple extradited. Abuse of a corpse is a felony offense, but in New York it only punishable by three years in prison. In Arkansas it carries a punishment of up to ten years. Brooks was a gunner in World War II, serving in a B-17 bomber’s ball turret.“It’s the most dangerous assignment in war,” Prairie County Sheriff Rick Hickman said. “The belly gunner is in a small bubble on the bottom of the plane. The enemy wants to shoot at him first. Life expectancy on that job is very short.”The authorities handling the case say that, while it is not considered a homicide at this point, it could take months to officially determine that. It will take some time to find out why the body was moved as well. “Brooks was a World War II veteran,” Gilbo said. “He deserved a lot better than being put in a suitcase.”Police are still working on getting to the bottom of the motives in the case of this veteran. Now, with his son located, arrangements can be made to have his body moved back to New York and given a proper burial. But the two in the middle of it, however, have a long road ahead of them.Share:








Tennessee Just Filed A Lawsuit Against The Federal Government Over The Federal Refugee Resettlement ProgramRefugees were a big topic of discussion during the 2016 presidential election. Democrats, like Hillary Clinton and former President Barack Obama, wanted to invite every single refugee into the country. The problem was they didn’t think about the vetting process and how important it is for American safety.These refugees need to be thoroughly vetted because of the areas that they are coming from. Several countries that these refugees are originally from are known terrorist hot spots. Terrorist groups, like ISIS, have already admitted that some of their agents are posing as refugees to get into the country to cause some major damage.Unfortunately the Democrats just don’t understand the worry that Americans have over this and continue to support bringing refugees in through a federal program. Finally, one state has had enough of the federal refugee resettlement program. The state of Tennessee has officially filed a lawsuit against the federal government over the resettlement of refugees in the state.AdvertisementThe Thomas More Law Center filed the federal lawsuit for the Tennessee General Assembly, as well as the State of Tennessee. It was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee on Monday. As stated earlier, it’s challenging the federal refugee resettlement program. What Tennessee is arguing is that it violates the state’s sovereignty under the Tenth Amendment of the Constitution.Tennessee Doesn’t Want Refugees In Their StateTo escalate this even further, President Trump is expected to hold a rally in Nashville to create public support for his agenda. That includes his revised travel ban. It suspends the federal refugee resettlement program and stops travel from six Muslim-majority countries. It’s expected to go into effect on Thursday.Back in April of 2016, the Tennessee General Assembly passed SJR 467. What it did was authorize the filing of the lawsuit. It was meant to address the federal government’s appropriation of state funds to continue this program in Tennessee. Suing the federal government is a big deal, and it only escalates when it is one of the states that are on the prosecuting side.AdvertisementOriginally in 2007, Tennessee withdrew from the federal program. However the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement went around this by designating Catholic Charities of Tennessee to force the continuation of state funds to resettle those refugees that go to the state.It’s worth pointing out that the federal government isn’t allowed to force states to support federal programs with state revenues. In other words, the federal government can’t force the states to pay for something using their own money.The late Senator Ted Kennedy addressed this. He was the chief sponsor of the Refugee Act of 1980, which was the enabling legislation, and spoke on the Senate floor prior to it being passed.“… the committee was mindful of the deep concern of many State and local agencies that Federal assistance authorized under these programs should be for a reasonable period of time – to assure that local communities will not be taxed for a program they did not initiate.”AdvertisementHowever, as most things tend to do with the government, the rules dramatically changed within a decade of the act. Originally, 100 percent of each state’s Medicaid and welfare benefits given to refugees would be reimbursed by the government. They would provide these benefits to refugees in the country for three years.States Were Supposed To Be Reimbursed For The Resettlement Of Refugees. That Stopped After 10 YearsFive years later, Congress didn’t provide sufficient funding and the costs of the federal program began falling on state governments. By ten years, the government stopped all reimbursement of state costs. As expected, it has been a giant financial burden on the states.Remember, the federal government can’t force states to support their programs using state revenues. States know this and they have started taking notice. The U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations in 2010 looked at a review of the refugee admissions program. They were taking note of the costs that were associated with education and healthcare for refugees that were passed onto the state and local governments.According to the Superintendent for Fort Wayne (IN) Community Schools, the cost of educating refugee students “regularly diverted [funds] from other programs.” It should also be noted that the Fort Wayne-Allen County Commissioner of Health testified that “[i]ncreasingly the costs of [HIV/AIDS] tests are being dropped on the laps of local and state governments.”AdvertisementThey are also footing the cost for the life-long treatment for hepatitis B discovered among the Burmese. It’s “…another significant cost the local community will be forced to bear.” The lawsuit wants to define Tennessee’s rights, considering the forced use of state funds for a program they’re not even a part of.State Senate Majority Leader Mark Norris was the one who led the passage of SJR 467. He described the suit as looking for relief. The suit “…offers a unique mechanism by which advocates may seek to remedy ongoing violations of statutory or constitutional law. Sometimes it’s cast in the nature of a friendly lawsuit to bring clarity to an otherwise cloudy situation.”The main reason for the institution of the travel ban was to get a vetting process that would make the country safer. This is necessary, especially when it was learned that 300 refugees in the United States are under FBI investigation for terrorism. These are people that pose a significant risk to the country. Why should more of them be let in?It Was Learned That 300 Refugees Were Being Investigated For Ties To TerrorismNot to mention that many migrants and refugees that come into the country lie about their age. They literally falsify information so that they can get into the country easier. When a majority of these refugees are lying to get into the country, there is something drastically wrong there.Share this article to show that Tennessee has just filed a lawsuit against the federal government. They are not a part of the federal program, yet they are still forced to use their revenues to resettle refugees in their own state. This lawsuit is going to get some answers, and it might lead to more states doing the same thing. Be sure to watch this one carefully.Share:








Students have had enoughHave you ever considered the political affiliation of college professors? Many haven’t unless they have attended college classes lately or have children in college. That is perhaps why they numbers are skewed in regards to liberal versus conservative professors.The recent election and the ensuing liberal meltdowns have turned our eyes to campuses and how they are reacting. The view has been disheartening. Colleges appear to be overwhelmingly liberal, both professors and students demonstrating their dominance.Samuel Abrams, a professor of politics at Sarah Lawrence College, decided to take a look at 25 years of survey data. The results were astonishing; the amount of liberal professors has tripled since 1989.AdvertisementThe proportion of liberal professors rose from 2-to-1 in 1989 to 6-to-1 in 2014. New England saw the largest shift, going from an abnormally high 5-1 ratio in 1989 to an overwhelming 28-1 in 2014.This leaves college students subjected to an increasing amount of rhetoric from their professors. Should politics even have a place in the college classroom? That is another issue completely.Republican Senator Mark Chelgren from Iowa is on a mission to change the discrepancies. He believes that by requiring professors to disclose their political affiliation, balance can be restored. He aims to do this with the introduction of a new bill in the Iowa government.SF 288 states that “a person shall not be hired as a professor or instructor” if that “person’s political party affiliation on the date of hire would cause the percentage of the faculty belonging to one political party to exceed by 10 percent the percentage of the faculty belonging to the other political party.”AdvertisementThe bill would only apply to “institutions governed by the Iowa Board of Regents, those being the University of Iowa, Iowa State University, and the University of Northern Iowa.”There is a rather large loop-hole though. Prospective faculty would have the choice of declaring “no party affiliation,” and thus would “not be considered in determining the political party composition of the faculty.”While this seems to defeat the purpose of the bill, Chelgren accounted for that. “The state commissioner of elections” would be obligated to “furnish, free of charge, voter registration records to the institutions of higher learning.”Iowa is similar to many states; voters are not required to disclose their party affiliation when registering. However, primary and caucus elections are only open to voters who officially identify with the party holding them. This means that to actually vote, the party of the voter must eventually be disclosed, giving more information to inquirers.AdvertisementIowa voted Republican in the 2016 election, that may indicate this bill has a chanceThe reasoning behind this bill is simple. Take a look at the actions of professors and college administrators and you get an immediate idea of the brainwashing that is occurring.Professors allowed students to miss or reschedule exams if they were feeling “traumatized” by the November elections.Riots have been breaking out on campus with alarming frequency. Not just protests but actual riots. Berkeley has been the site of many, causing millions of dollars in damages to the campuses.Students are out of controlAdvertisementCalifornia State University administrators have recently issued memos encouraging students to not cooperate with Immigration and Custom Enforcement officials. Instead they are told to call campus police and wait for legal representation.Republican students have been the targets of intimidation and violence. Students attempting to start conservative groups have been shut down. Trump supporters have been frequently attacked. Liberals allow for no dissent; their selfish minds just cannot handle conversations where they may be proven wrong.These and other incidents occurring all across the country have created a hostile environment on campuses. Colleges have become more about pushing one set of ideals on everyone rather than encouraging balanced discussions and actual learning from others’ ideas. The purpose of colleges is to educate not indoctrinate.Needless to say, there are many who are opposing this legislation in Iowa.“The Board of Regents is opposed to the bill,” spokesman Josh Lehman told The Washington Post. “We expect our universities to hire the most qualified faculty to teach our students, and we believe in diversity of thought.”Senator Herman Quirmbach told reporters, “To establish quotas by political party association in academic departments would just destroy our public universities. It’s one of the worst ideas I’ve heard in 15 years here.”Democrats in Iowa are firmly opposed to the new billRepresentative Mary Mascher cites discrimination; “We do have a Constitution and its there for a reason, and it’s to try to protect equity and to make sure that we don’t judge people on the basis of their race or religion, their creed, their political beliefs. We never ask that question when someone’s hired: Are you a Republican, Democrat, or independent, or Green Party, or socialist, or any of that. And I think that would be clearly discriminatory.”Her arguments in particular lack the element of truth. Liberals have been demonstrating a clear misunderstanding of “discrimination” these days. They continue to make assumptions and decisions based solely on political affiliation and religion more than any Republican ever could.The battle in Iowa is just beginning. With President Trump threatening federal funding withdrawl for colleges who continue to break the law, debates such as this one will be happening everywhere. Democrats cannot continue to just pretend that President Trump doesn’t exist. He is gaining traction while they lose it.Something has to change. The blatant entitlement that is being encouraged is approaching a breaking point. Citizens and lawmakers are fed up with constant disregard for law and order. Largely Republican governments are going to begin offering ultimatums; they already have in some places.It will be interesting to watch the choices being made. Liberals have spent 3 solid months protesting and eroding American strength. Their childish denials are worn out and yet they cling to them stubbornly.Too many years of watching leaders such as Obama, Pelosi, Reid, and Warren have contributed to the idea that Democrats have carte blanche. It is going to be an unpleasant day when they realize that era is over.Share:








President Trump (Pictured) Has Kept Another Promise, This Time Dealing With His Salary.Being the President of the United States is literally a full-time job. The leader of the nation does not have the luxury of being able to stop working once the clock hits 5:00. As a result, the compensation is significant for being the Commander-In-Chief.The base presidential salary is $400,000. Which means over the course of one full term, the leader will make $1.6 million, before taxes of course. For average Americans, that is a significant amount of money. For that reason, when then-candidate Donald Trump promised not to take the salary, Americans didn’t know what to think.Some didn’t know if he would uphold his promise. Others thought that it was just a ploy to get more votes. It doesn’t matter though, as Trump did uphold his promise. A new report has come out and said that President Trump handed over his first three months of pay to the National Park Service.AdvertisementTrump’s donation was worth $78,333, which is the total amount given by the Treasury for the pay period beginning with his Inauguration on Jan. 20th.Trump Donated His Salary To The National Park Service.Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, the person whom Trump gave the check, released a statement about the generous donation. “We’re going to dedicate it and put against the infrastructure on our nation’s battlefields,” he said. Zinke added, “We’re excited about that opportunity.”At the time that the money was given, Zinke noted that the 25 national battlefields had a significant maintenance bill. Supposedly they are behind by over $100 million, which is breathtaking to note. However, this is going to get some relief, thanks to the President.AdvertisementWhite House Press Secretary Sean Spicer talked about the donation at a daily press briefing. He also praised the Park Service for 100 years of service. He also said that Trump was “personally proud” to help its mission. It’s an incredible act of generosity from the President to do this, and yet there are people on the left that are attacking him for it.Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune claimed that the donation was a mere drop in the bucket. He then attacked Trump’s proposal to cut 12 percent of the Department of Interior’s budget. Would it have been better had Trump not donated the money and done this, or are Democrats going to attack literally everything the President does?“If Donald Trump is actually interested in helping our parks, he should stop trying to slash their budgets to historically low levels,” Brune said in a statement. Then how else is the President going to get the national deficit down?How Is President Trump Supposed To Lower The Federal Deficit If He Is Criticized For Slashing Budgets?AdvertisementBrune went on to slam the President. “This publicity stunt is a sad consolation prize as Trump tries to stifle America’s best idea. It’s a distraction that falls far short of the $12 billion needed to address the current backlog of park maintenance and does nothing to offset the almost $2 billion Trump asked Congress to cut from the Department of the Interior in his budget.”Unfortunately, the Democrats continued to go against the President. He, once again, was slammed for his trips to his Mar-a-Lago Club in Florida. It’s the area that he has spent a lot of his weekends and where he will host Chinese President Xi Jinping. It’s an important meeting that is going to require Trump to be on his A-game, as the topics will include North Korea and the South China Sea.However, Spicer seemed to go after reporters, claiming that it was “ironic” that Trump’s expenses of going to his club were brought up again. They were literally brought up the same day that Trump put his paycheck back into the federal government.“The president just donated a significant amount of money of his salary back to the federal government. And so, you know, respectfully, at what point does he do enough/ He just gave a very sizable donation.”The reporters persisted however, with one saying that the donation was a “small amount,” drawing the ire of Spicer.Advertisement“I think to be able to say that – I mean, he isn’t taking a salary. I think he’s stepped down from his business. He’s walked away from a lot. I think at some point, you know, he’s done quite a lot, quite a bit in terms of making a donation to government.”Unfortunately that is what the left-leaning reporters and people will do. They are going to attack Trump for doing anything, even making a considerable donation like this.Virtually everything and anything the President is going to do will be challenged. Democrats are going to be leading the way as well. Governor Brown of California lead the charge against Trump, allowing a bill to pass that is designed to go against the president’s orders. The bill gives the entire state of California sanctuary status, meaning that they are going to oppose the federal government in terms of illegal immigration.Governor Brown Is Going To Do Whatever He Can To Stop President Trump.However, there are people and groups out there that are going to fight against the Democrats. One of the most anti-Trump politicians out there, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, has said that his city is going to remain a sanctuary jurisdiction. That is going to change, as his police department has stepped in and are going to help out federal agents in rounding up illegal immigrants.President Donald Trump has just made a generous donation to the federal government, giving his first paycheck to help out the National Park Service. Despite this amazing gift, the Democrats and people that side with them are attacking Trump for doing so. It’s utterly amazing that Trump is facing opposition for this selfless act. When did Obama ever refuse his salary?Share:








The infamous Tent City Jail will close down within six months due to inefficiency.It was a legend among jailhouse lore—tents instead of cells, degrading black-white striped chain gang uniforms, and even pink underwear for the male inmates. But now there’s a new sheriff in town, and he’s shutting down the 24 year-old Phoenix Tent City Jail. Joe Arpaio, the former Maricopa County Sheriff, originally built the jail in response to overcrowding. He used the unique premise that jail should be a “miserable place to live.” After twenty-four years it has been determined that the “scared straight” philosophy behind the facility has shown no evidence for reducing crime.“This facility is not a crime deterrent, it is not cost efficient, and it is not tough on criminals,” newly-elected Sheriff Paul Penzone told reporters at a news conference Tuesday.He also said that it was not as miserable as people think. The original idea was that inmates lived in tents during the sweltering Phoenix summers. That wasn’t entirely true, Penzone said;Advertisement“All inmates could opt to stay in air-conditioned areas and their medical condition and fitness for tents detention was constantly monitored.”In fact, many officials had expressed concerns over the security of the detention center, given that the inmates had more ability to roam freely and contraband such as lighters were more easily acquired. The facility did reflect well on its envisioner, Joe Arpaio, making him seem to be “the toughest sheriff in America.”But, according to Pezone, it was all smoke and mirrors. “It shouldn’t be that I go to another place in the country or outside the country and they know who our sheriff is. … And it’s for all the wrong reasons, and that’s what is even more disturbing,” he said during his campaign.When Pezone took office, reviews of the facility showed a different picture. It had become “a preferred location and a choice,” for local inmates. They enjoyed the fresh air, sunshine, and open design of the place, as opposed to the stifling concrete of traditional jails. Grant Woods, who led the review, said in a news conference, it’s ironic. The rest of the United States thinks the Arizona facility stops just short of “cruel and unusual punishment.” But that’s far from the truth.AdvertisementSome of the jail’s more bizarre policies, like mandatory pink underwear for the male inmates, have been relaxed in recent years.“It tells you that this negative image that we’ve gotten since 1993, that we are so tough on prisoners in Maricopa County that this is how we treat them — that this is false,” he said. “The good news is that we weren’t guilty of that — they have an environment there that they choose to be in, and think it’s OK and prefer it to the alternative of being cooped up 23 hours a day. The bad news is that the rest of the country thinks we’re that sort of person that would abuse and humiliate prisoners and put them in such harsh situations.”It’s true that the jail has received criticism. A 1996 lawsuit by inmate Jeremy Flanders claimed that he suffered permanent brain damaged when the other inmates pulled him from his bunk and beat him with a metal piece from a tent stake.A jury awarded Flanders nearly $1 million. Further, the movement of prisoners throughout the complex created concerns. Also in 1996, prisoners rioted for 5 hours because of prison conditions. Eight officers were injured as inmates rioted with tent poles and set structures on fire.AdvertisementArpaio used the facility to his PR advantage and allowed tours of the place. He also gave a TV address in 2009, using Tent City footage to bolster his image. He hung a thermometer in one of the tents for TV reporters to quantify the scorching heat. It backfired when the device registered at 142 degrees, leading to questions about prisoners abuse. Arpaio later explained that perhaps he overshot it with a sneaky marketing ploy.“Actually, there’s a trick. If you go higher and hit the canvass, you gain about 20 degrees,” he said.The county estimates it will save about $4.5 million by closing down the jail. The facility, which at its peak housed 1,700, now only has about 700. But it is still staffed the same. The inmates won’t be released, Pezone assures reporters. Most will be transferred to other facilities. Some policies, like the pink underwear, have already been lifted.“This facility became more of a circus atmosphere for the general public. Starting today, that circus ends,” said Penzone.Phoenix Magazine did a video tour for the facility in 2013 with Arpaio and the combination of reporters, inmates, and media-hungry sheriff, did ring a bit “circus-like.” Watch with discretion, some of the inmate language does contain mild profanity.AdvertisementThe ACLU is none too thrilled to hear about the closure. Alessandra Soler, executive director, said, “It’s a good step forward, but there’s still work to do. Maricopa County should use its savings from closing Tent City to improve care for mentally ill detainees, as well as invest in programs and services that treat the root causes of crime, like drug and mental health diversion programs, increased access to mental health care, and job training and education.”Penzone has said inmate relocation should happen in the next few months but complete closure will take about six months.Share:








The deadline for submitting proposals for the border wall was Tuesday and more than 500 contractors submitted designs.The final deadline for companies to submit plans for the border wall was Tuesday. Five of the top contenders revealed incredible, innovative, and creative ideas showcasing some of the best in American talent. The final contracts will not be awarded until June 1. Some time before that, finalists will be invited to San Diego to build a sample structure. Around 500 companies have submitted ideas. The guidelines were vague, allowing for some interesting creative mixes. But here is a look at some of the designs presented to the government.1. Gleason Partners (Las Vegas)“I would like the wall to pay for itself,” Thomas Gleason, managing partner said. He came up with an ingenious ideas to have solar panels cover intermittent sections along the wall. These panels would provide electricity for lighting and other patrol sensors along the wall. Not only that, the electricity could be sold to power companies that would pay for the construction within 20 years.AdvertisementThe solar panels would generate 2 megawatts of electricity per hour and the built-in feature also has a diplomatic advantage. The wall has offended the Mexican people, to the point that a former Mexican president has dropped an F-bomb on the issue. But perhaps they might be assuaged if we were to offer the wall as something of a low-cost power plant to them. “For the younger generation, they say if there is going to be a wall, let’s have it be green,” Gleason said.Thomas Gleason of Gleason Partners, Las Vegas, said, “If there’s going to be a wall, then let’s have it be green.”2. Crisis Resolution Security Services (Clarence, Illinois)This Illinois based security company wants to build a tourist attraction type walkway, something like the Great Wall of China.“People can go up there, walk it or bicycle it. We’re probably the only ones who have submitted a proposal making it recreational,” said owner Michael Hari.AdvertisementIndeed, in some places the spectacular desert views would make it a haven for outdoor enthusiasts. It could even make money as a tourist/recreational destination. Put into perspective, the Golden Gate Bridge charges tolls per vehicle and they report an average annual revenue exceeding $1 million.Hari also thinks he can do it cheaper than the original estimates by cutting off about 500 miles of territory. Some of the high costs of the wall include building through rough terrain. Hari’s plan includes letting the rough terrain be a wall itself, discouraging crossing. Hari’s wall will stray a bit from the border to cut costs.A tourist haven for outdoor enthusiasts, this design would allow for cross country biking and jogging against the picturesque painted deserts.3. Clayton Industries (Pittsburgh)AdvertisementClayton industries in Pittsburgh has proposed building a multilayered industrial area for a nuclear waste facility. It would include a fence, an open area, then the wall. On top of the wall would be railroad tracks. Behind the wall, a trench, 100 feet deep for nuclear waste. Then there would be another buffer zone seemingly for the waste and a chain link fence.This proposal would allow for funds to be procured from the Department of Energy for nuclear waste. This would certainly satisfy the security part but it doesn’t seem to do much for the “aesthetically pleasing,” part of the wall.This prototype would turn the border into a multi-use facility, both collecting nuclear waste and functioning as a railway.4. Concrete Contractors Interstate (San Diego)This San Diego Company emphasized the “aesthetically pleasing,” mandate. “The idea is to make the wall a piece of art,” CEO Russ Baumgartner said.They proposed a polished concrete wall with area specific stones and artifacts. Each side of the wall would be decorated, embracing both local and international cultures.AdvertisementUsing stones and artifacts native to each region, under this design both sides of the wall will be decorated.5. Dark Pulse Technologies (Scottsdale, AZ)A Scottsdale company proposed a “smart wall.” Instead of just sensors, the wall would be embedded with communications fibers for miles on end that would send signals to border agents of anyone trying to pass through, over, or under.It will be made up of concrete that will stand up to tampering or attacks. It would be embedded with fibers sensors that would send off signals to patrol agents if it were being breached in any way. There would also be a slick coating to prohibit climbing the structure.The “smart wall,” would be embedded with fiber designed to send signals to border agents if breached.The final decisions are still to be made and the proposed plan is likely to face severe scrutiny and pushback from a deeply divided Congress. Not to mention, even though there is tremendous money to be made on the wall, participation could likely have massive public relations effects. Some cities, like San Francisco, have stated the city will not work with any company that works on the wall. But, for other companies, the estimated revenue for the project could be a financial windfall. After all, that’s an advantage to having a president who spent his career in real estate. He know business and he knows how to build. This one could be Donald Trump’s finest hour. And he’s looking for a few good people to join.Share:








Former Navy SEAL, Craig Sawyer, is fighting against pedophilia.Craig Sawyer is as dedicated to his new mission as he was with each SEAL operation he took on. His group, Veterans 4 Child Rescue, seeks to “EXPOSE that which has been covered up and suppressed – the dark and disgusting world of pedophile trafficking rings.”These horrible abuses are often swept under the rug, especially recently, because of the men and women involved. They are not faceless, unknown predators. They too frequently come from the upper echelons of our society. The rich, powerful, politicians, lawmakers, and celebrities– that is who we are seeing caught up in this appalling crime. Sawyer and his teams want to address the problem.He recognizes that pedophiles “often include members from every level of our society and involve unthinkable trauma inflicted upon innocent babies and children – the soul of our nation.”AdvertisementPart of his plan consists of developing “Veterans Investigating Pedophilia Rings or VIPR Teams.” These teams will be made up of personnel from the military, law enforcement, international counter-poaching groups, the intelligence community, the diplomatic community, and even film and television personalities. Sawyer say they will be the ones who “make it all happen on the streets through their professional intelligence gathering, criminal investigations, surveillance and joint operations with federal and local law enforcement.”Mainstream media had largely taken the stance of ignoring phedophilia, probably as a result of the dark subject and an unwillingness to expose the participants. Sawyer highlights that as part of the hindrance to stopping the exploitation.“This abuse must first be brought to light before it can be cleaned up. V4CR was created to shine that light! We will expose this crisis through joint operations with law enforcement and sharing the truth in an unflinching television documentary-series for the world to see.”AdvertisementPedophilia is an atrocity that society doesn’t want to talk about. It is devoid of the sensationalism that makes other crimes newsworthy. It does draw gawkers in, similar to a bloody train wreck, but at the same time it repulses them.That is not an adequate excuse for the blindfolds that have been glued on, one doesn’t exist. It is merely human nature and something we must overcome to keep our children safe. Nothing is ever solved by disregarding the problem. In February, it was revealed that the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Sir Edward Heath, was accused of being a pedophile. As if that were not bad enough, his crimes were “covered up by the establishment.”AdvertisementThere were more than 30 victims making claims against the powerful man in what one newspaper called, “the largest pedophile bombshell in recent history.” That is a bold claim in a country that has stopped naming streets and landmarks after heroes and politicians; just in case this happens. Watchdog group, the Free Thought Project says that in the United Kingdom, “pedophilia among the elite is rampant.”In 2016, Norway hit the headlines with the bust of an enormous child sex ring. 51 people were arrested including two high-level politicians and a kindergarten teacher.Hastert is serving time but not for child abuse.The United States is far from exempt from this type of corruption. Dennis Hastert, former speaker of the house, is currently in jail for fraud, not for being an admitted child rapist. In fact, in January he had the nerve to sue one of his victims who spoke out against him. Hastert had paid the boy hush money and wasn’t pleased when his prey didn’t stay quiet.A recent episode of Dr. Phil featured a long-time victim of a child sex trafficking ring. The woman, identified as Kendall, graphically described the inner workings of the secret, money laden world she was born into. Leaving names unspoken, she implicated high-level government officials, police, and rich citizens as having a part in the trafficking ring. It is still unclear if this information is being used towards an investigation.The number of people involved in trafficking in the U.S. is shocking. Polaris, an anti-trafficking group in D.C., reports the numbers;The numbers add up to a harsh reality, something needs to be done. America cannot stand by as the elite continue to use their privilege in such a vile manner. Vets 4 Child Rescue is undertaking that daunting task with a vengeance. Sawyer is in the process of fundraising and preparing his team for the fight. The country needs more heroes like him.Share:








President Donald Trump (pictured above).President Donald Trump has consistently spoken out against The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). During his campaign, he made it clear he was the only candidate capable of effectively dealing with the problem. Since coming into office, he has not relented. On day one, he’s consistently pushed to strengthen our opposition to the terrorist organization. Many would think that Trump’s much stronger position against the group would strike fear among its members. Unfortunately, it’s not fear that they’re expressing. Rather, it appears that they’re feeling emboldened by what they’ve seen so far. ISIS has just released their first “formal” comments about the United States since Trump took office. Their comments did not appear to indicate that they were threatened by the U.S. at all. In fact, they actually seemed to show the opposite. In their statement, they referred to our President as an “idiot” and called for America to “die of spite.” They also revealed how harmful the Democrat’s campaign to delegitimize Trump has been. Due to the left’s repeated attacks, the terrorists believe America’s demise is inevitable. The so-called “Islamic State.”AdvertisementAccording to a translation provided by Reuters, the so-called “Islamic State” slammed the United States, saying, “America you have drowned and there is no savior, and you have become prey for the soldiers of the caliphate in every part of the earth, you are bankrupt and the signs of your demise are evident to every eye,” showing absolutely no respect for our country. They also directly challenged the President, claiming, “there is no more evidence than the fact that you are being run by an idiot who does not know what Syria or Iraq or Islam is.” They added, “die of spite America, die of spite, a nation where both young and old are racing to die in the name of God will not be defeated.”Their statements are slightly unexpected. Since Trump has taken office, he’s repeatedly spoken about his hatred of ISIS. In his recent address to Congress, he was extremely vocal about his desire to have them utterly “demolished and destroyed.” During his speech, he referred to ISIS as “a network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians and men and women and children of all faiths and all beliefs.”President Donald Trump condemns ISIS during his address to Congress.AdvertisementHe also made sure to refer to the problem, “radical Islamic terrorism,” explicitly, which was something the former administration failed to do. “We cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America,” he added. “That is why my administration has been working on improved vetting procedures, and we will shortly take new steps to keep our nation safe — and to keep out those who would do us harm.”Further, he noted that he was determined to work with other foreign powers to ensure their defeat. “We will work with our allies – including our friends and allies in the Muslim world – to extinguish this vile enemy from our planet,” he said.Part of his plan regarding ISIS is to ensure that they don’t carry out any attacks on our soil. In order to accomplish this, the President has attempted to temporarily suspend immigration from several high-risk countries. He has stated that it is “reckless” and “not compassionate” for our country to allow “uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur.”The six countries that he’s targeted are Iran, Syria, Somalia, Libya, Yemen, and Sudan. All six countries were labeled as “countries of concern” by the Obama administration. He decided to use the previous President’s list to determine which countries to focus on. However, his efforts to keep the country safe were met with extreme opposition. Several activist judges ended up issuing a hold on his order, preventing his order from protecting American citizens. AdvertisementMap showing counties affected by Trump’s executive order.During a White House Press Briefing, Press Secretary Sean Spicer reiterated the importance of destroying the terrorist organization. “This presidential memorandum is a profound statement that the president’s clear objective is to defeat and destroy ISIS and that we’re going to do it systematically. This is not only a necessary step for America’s national security, it is also a humanitarian imperative.” He also warned reporters, “if ISIS is left in power, the threat it poses only grows. We know it has attempted to develop chemical weapons capabilities. It maintains a goal of recruiting home-grown terrorists and its attacks against our allies and partners continue to mount.”The efforts by Democrats to humiliate and delegitimize the President may be to blame for the terrorists’ courage. By constantly bashing Trump, liberals are making our enemies feel less afraid. If vast numbers of our own citizens don’t view the leader as legitimate, how could our enemies ever do so? If the goal is to be taken seriously, the left needs to work with the current administration, not against it.ISIS has been responsible for a number of recent attacks around the world. In Russia, an explosion earlier this month caused massive chaos in a St. Petersburg subway station. According to reports, the deadly attack, which killed roughly 14 and injured many others, was carried about by a suicide bomber. The suspect, Akbarjon Djalilov, was a Russian national born in Kyrgyzstan.AdvertisementThe scene of a Russian terrorist attack conducted by a suicide bomber at a metro station.Police determined he was the attacker by examining DNA evidence he left on a second bomb planted at another station. Law enforcement officials say the second explosive device, which was larger than the first, was hidden in a fire extinguisher. It was loaded with about roughly a thousand kilograms of TNT, but was fortunately defused. According to investigators “criminalists found his DNA on a bag with a bomb left at the Ploshchad Vosstaniya metro station.” They mentioned that they also used CCTV footage to support their conclusion. Although ISIS has not yet claimed responsibility for the bombing, despite celebrating it, President Vladimir Putin suggested it was likely a terrorist attack. The Russian leader said, “the causes of this event have not been determined yet, so it’s too early to talk about possible causes.” He added, “the investigation will show. Certainly, we will consider all variants, common, criminal, first of all, of a terrorist nature.”In February, a deranged man wielding a knife was shot by soldiers guarding the Louvre after threatening people nearby. He allegedly shouted ‘Allahu Akbar’ as he lashed out at officials for not being allowed to enter the building wearing two backpacks. Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve noted that the incident was “clearly of terrorist nature,” but acknowledged that there weren’t any explosives found. President Trump condemned the attack and urged the U.S. to “get smart,” blaming the horrible event on “radical Islamic terrorism.”A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017Despite the President’s intense focus on the problem in the Middle East, ISIS is feeling emboldened. This could largely be explained by the domestic campaign against Trump by the authoritarian left. Still upset that they lost the election, they seem willing to attack the President at all costs, even if it jeopardizes our own national security.Share:








China’s ruling party is going after Christians.Amid cries of Islamophobia and crimes against Muslims, liberals aren’t talking about the real religious persecution going on. Christianity is being targeted, not only in the United States but also throughout the EU as they are slowly giving way to refugees. Christians in Asia are under attack as well. China has taken the next step to “keep track” of them. In a clear case of government harassment, they have begun installing surveillance cameras in Christian churches throughout the country.China’s Christians have actually been under direct scrutiny since 2012 when Xi Jinping took over as the Chinese Communist Party General Secretary. Naturally, the Party does not view Christianity favorably. They have slowly but surely been tightening restrictions on the religion. One of their methods involves removing crosses from all across the country. Beginning in 2014, the persecution campaign was focused mainly on Wenzhou. The city, in the Zhejiang province, has the largest concentration of Christians on China’s mainland. Out of 8 million residents, approximately 1 million are Christian.AdvertisementUsing the gentle term of “beautification,” officials have torn down more than 2,000 crosses in the city. The removals are usually followed with fake charges of the church being illegally constructed. This provides a “reason” for the cross demolition.Last year, a surge in removals caused protesters to renew their efforts to stop the process. China responded, sending officials to quelch any dissenters.  China Aid, a religious freedom group, reported that there were violent beatings of anyone attempting to stand in the way. They described authorities outfitted in riot gear prepared to use any force necessary. The government increased the cross demolition teams to as many as 100 people, more than enough to stop those trying to defend their religious freedom.When members protested the removal of crosses, China sent bigger crews to stop resistance.AdvertisementProtesters anonymously told reporters that the officials “ordered us not to resist” and threatened to tear down the whole church. Demolition crews beat people, some were sent to hospitals for their injuries.The cross removals were just one method used by the Communist Party. Catholic priests and nuns were also forced to take “reeducation” classes. They were taught the “central theme of the National Congress of the Communist Party.”Gu Yuese was arrested and jailed early last year. He was the pastor of Chongyi Church, China’s first Christian “megachurch.” They have a membership of 10,000 people. His imprisonment is a clear statement from the government.A Congressional report cited 2015 as the worst year on record in China for human rights violations. The report noted that conditions began going downhill as soon as Xi took office and that frustration among China’s religious population was “running higher than at any time since Chairman Mao’s death in 1979.”AdvertisementHuman Rights Watch (HRW) in New York has spoken out against the abuses. Their 2016 World Report stated that the Communist Party “systematically curtails a wide range of fundamental human rights, including freedom of expression, association, assembly, and religion.”More and more Christians are electing to practice their faith secretly. Fearing for their safety, underground religious groups are growing. The people who are still attending open church services will find their freedom being trampled on in a new way now.Surveillance cameras are being installed in Christian churches in the Zhejiang province. The order for the project came out at the end of last year and implementation began in January. China Aid states that churches were ordered to put up the cameras themselves. Locations for cameras included gates, offering boxes, and pulpits. Any churches who did not comply received a visit from the government.These new cameras will allow the government to monitor church activities.AdvertisementA church member described the terrifying scenes. “Government officials came to the churches and put up cameras by force. Some pastors and worshippers who didn’t agree to the move were dragged away. Some people needed to be treated in hospital after fighting the officials.”These new cameras will allow the regime to monitor attendance, support, and exactly what is being said during services. The government is masking their new campaign weakly, claiming security risks and the need for anti-terrorism measures. The fact that China has never experienced an act of terror from its Christian community does not seem to matterThe churches are not happy with the cameras but, similar to the crosses, the government doesn’t allow for much protest. One church member said;“I don’t support the government’s decision and I hope they will not put monitoring equipment inside our church. We Christians do good deeds and we don’t do anything to endanger the public. I don’t understand why the government wants to monitor us.” He also expressed that he believed the plan would backfire.“The government’s pressure on us will not deter us from our beliefs and will not affect the proliferation of our religion. The tougher the persecution, the more people will be encouraged to follow the religion.”The Communist Party is dedicated to squashing religious freedom and keeping China’s citizens controlled. Christians there have very few options when trying to protect their rights. The people who do object are taught a firm and often violent lesson.Share:








The Muslim Brotherhood is operating secretly in Sweden, a new report says.A report has been issued in Sweden documenting decades of activity in the Nordic nation by the Muslim Brotherhood, which originated in Egypt. The report, commissioned by the Swedish Civil Contingencies Agency, met with fierce backlash from Swedish academics. 20 Swedish researchers wrote a condemnation of the report, calling the research “substandard” and claiming it lacks evidence and sources.In Sweden, any facts that contradict the government sanctioned and politically correct narrative will be met with aggressive resistance. Given what is known about the Muslim Brotherhood’s activities worldwide, the claims in this new report are not strange, and it is possible that these Swedes are denying reality, or failing to think creatively about a kind of problem with which they are unfamiliar.Swedes need to get real, and quickly, if they want to conserve what they have.AdvertisementAccording to the report, the Muslim Brotherhood is well-established in Sweden and has been operating there since the late 1970s. The organization has a number of Muslim-Swedish organizations operating as front groups, as is standard practice for the Brotherhood. They are all linked to the Islamic Association in Sweden, which the Brotherhood formed in the 1990s as a front group for its activities.The Islamic Association in Sweden has founded other Islamic organizations in the country, such as Ibn Rush, Sweden Young Muslims, and Islamic Relief. Through these organizations the Muslim Brotherhood taps into taxpayer funding and gains influence in many corners of Muslim-Swedish society. The authors of the report conclude that the Muslim Brotherhood is “building a parallel social structure, which poses a long-term challenge in terms of Sweden’s future social cohesion.”The Muslim Brotherhood has been labelled a terrorist organization by Russia, Bahrain, Egypt, Syria, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. Its slogans include “Islam is the Solution,” and “Allah is our objective; the Qur’an is the Constitution; the Prophet is our leader; jihad is our way; death for the sake of Allah is our wish.”The symbol of the Muslim Brotherhood: two swords, Quran, the words “And prepare.”AdvertisementAccording to the report, the Muslim Brotherhood in Sweden encourages:“…a system of ‘cultural pluralism’, where every minority group is on the same level as the majority group… The ideal is… that Sweden should be organized in different ‘groups’, each group having the right to practice its particular values. The Swedish population should, even though it is in the majority, be a group among other groups: all groups should have the same status.”This is the same rhetoric the Muslim Brotherhood uses in other countries, encouraging a protected status for themselves that allows them to advance their own agenda of total domination. The Brotherhood’s English language website names, as one of its pillars, the call for the “introduction of the Islamic Shariah as the basis controlling the affairs of state and society.”A recent propaganda video funded by the Swedish government tells the viewer that the old Swedish identity is now irretrievably lost, and that Swedes must accept the “culture, language, and habits” of the New Swedes who will “claim their space.” Not only must the New Swedes integrate, but the “Old Swedes” must also integrate to the culture of the immigrants. It ends with the words “The New Country” and shows a woman in a hijab.AdvertisementThe face of the “New Sweden” according to the Swedish government.If the Swedes accept the mindset that they must allow their society to be remade with new cultural practices, this leaves the door wide open for a fanatical force like the Muslim Brotherhood to assert itself.The basic claims of the report should not be so controversial. The main group discussed in the report besides the Brotherhood is the Islamic Association In Sweden, which states on its own website that it is a member of the Federation of Islamic Organizations in Europe, widely understood to be an umbrella organization for Muslim Brotherhood organizations in Europe.Swedish academics would do well to understand that the Muslim Brotherhood deliberately operates in a secretive manner. Experts on the matter in the UK have written that “from its foundation the Muslim Brotherhood organised itself into a secretive ‘cell’ structure…This clandestine, centralised and hierarchical structure persists to this day.”The Swedes are used to open and transparent organizations, as Sweden is one of the most high-trust societies in the world. For an organization like the Muslim Brotherhood, which has as its goal to usurp the secular government and establish Sharia law, it would be rational to wear the cloak of secrecy.AdvertisementThe Muslim Brotherhood was born in Egypt, where it temporarily held power after the Arab Spring.The connection between the Muslim Brotherhood and terrorism is well established, but the larger goal of the Muslim Brotherhood is to establish an Islamic empire, a global caliphate, with Sharia as the law of the land. Violent Jihad is just one method of attaining this goal.In January 2015, the Muslim Brotherhood released a statement in Egypt calling for jihad and martyrdom from its members: “It is incumbent upon everyone to be aware that we are in the process of a new phase, where we summon what is latent in our strength, where we recall the meanings of jihad and prepare ourselves, our wives, our sons, our daughters, and whoever marched on our path to a long, uncompromising jihad, and during this stage we ask for martyrdom.”Hamas, the governing body in the Gaza Strip that wants to establish a Caliphate in Palestine, is one of the offspring of the Muslim Brotherhood.Sweden is an incredibly left-wing, feminist, “progressive” country. Consider that the goals of the American left and the Swedish left are little different, but in Sweden they simply face much less opposition. So we can see what it looks like when these leftist ideas gain total dominance in a country. Sweden is still in many respects a nation of great excellence, but the deterioration is evident. Simply look at Malmö, Sweden’s southernmost city, which is plagued by grenade warfare between immigrant gangs.Around 300 people have traveled from Sweden to the middle-east to join ISIS and similar groups, and now an estimated 150 people have returned. The Swedes are debating how to deal with these returning fighters and whether they can be “integrated” back into society. Obviously, this is a suicidal level of delusion, as none of these people should be welcomed back into the society ever again. And the Swedes should be asking themselves why hundreds of Muslims are leaving Sweden to join ISIS in the first place. Sweden desperately needs a dose of reality.Share:








Recruiting jihad supporters via social media increased the group’s worldwide reach.Twitter and other social media platforms often appear harmless. These fun ways to communicate may waste time when one should be working, but is there any real danger lurking on social media?A top ISIS recruiter found a way to use Twitter to connect with jihad supporters worldwide. His use of social media to spread the message of ISIS would turn social media into a powerful tool. Becoming a social media influencer would also end in this hacker being killed by a drone from the U.S.Junaid Hussain would go from a young hacker to a wanted man. The life of this computer wiz turned terrorist recruiter almost seems like something out of a movie.AdvertisementHussain made history, not because of his academic skills or computer mastery. He would become the first hacker deemed a security risk that needed to be killed by the government of the United States.In a classic techie drama, Hussain would be killed by a drone operated remotely. This was his fate after he was able to turn something as simple as a tweet into a dangerous weapon. He was not using traditional guns or bombs to hurt others; he was going to Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp to find supporters.Crowdsourcing has become very popular on social media. This is when an individual or small group takes to the internet to find other like-minded people to offer ideas or services to support their venture. Hussain was one of the first people to crowdsource terrorism.His efforts would start with gathering the support of online friends for change via jihad. He often spent time trying to downplay some of the more violent acts of ISIS to gain supporters. Jon Nichols, a journalist that spent six years monitoring online jihad propaganda, would describe these efforts as:Advertisement“[We say], ‘You shouldn’t join ISIS because they chop off heads,'” Nichols said, “And they go, ‘Well, I shouldn’t join the West because there’s decades of history of you screwing us and you bombing our wedding parties from the sky.’ From that perspective, which is the greater Satan there?”Hussain became a master storyteller. He learned to tailor his narrative about the benefits of ISIS to the disenfranchised. For those hackers sitting at home playing video games, he would offer a chance to make their video games real.Joining the efforts of ISIS was an opportunity to be a part of something bigger. In one of his more memorable tweets, Hussain would push his followers:“Don’t play call of duty… be the call of duty.”AdvertisementOne reason his methods worked so well was the way he changed the approach to recruiting. He was not looking for people to drop everything and gear up as the stereotypical bearded ISIS soldiers. His online network would be compared to the work of the hacker group Anonymous. Nichols would share:“It’s a decentralized network where all you have to do to be Anonymous is say ‘I’m Anonymous. All you have to do to be ISIS is say you’re ISIS…you’ll find a community and you’ll find support. A lot of the other terrorist groups were more centralized and their narrative was more tightly controlled.”Becoming a part of jihad meant many disconnected youths could find a community. Hussain would urge them to act, not in a big international way, but instead, find ways to further the jihad message in their towns or cities. Hussain had figured out a way to make joining jihad an adventure.The fact that Hussain had already gained some notoriety as a hacker working against the system only added to his online persona. He would find an audience in the media when his hacks targeted former Prime Minister Tony Blair. After hacking Blair’s assistant, Hussain would post personal details via Team Poison. This hack landed him in prison for six months.Tony Blair would fall victim to hacking that would put his personal security at risk.AdvertisementOnce he served his prison term, Hussain fled to Syria to continue his online work. Security experts would describe him as:“…the most complex terrorist threat we’ve faced, period. We’ve seen terrorist groups use social media platforms to bombard vulnerable populations, kids who may be on the fringe. They just want to figure out a way to turn you into a human weapon.”It is easy to dismiss online activities as not being a real threat. This is not the case in the recruitment efforts of jihad supporters. Hussain’s influence and efforts have been linked to the Garland, TX attack. There is evidence that his tweets and other social media efforts motivated this attack.The attack in Garland, TX has been tied, via Twitter, to Hussain’s group.The reach and influence of Hussain’s social media efforts were reinforced by the fact that many jihad groups suddenly paid just as much attention to these efforts as they did fighters on the ground. They were willing to pay top dollar for the right social media influence.According to top security expert Josh Corman:“One of the more disturbing things I learned was that ISIS was paying dollar for dollar the same payroll for someone training combatants as they were for someone doing social media. That just shows you how important it is to them and how much they treasure and value the recruitment capabilities of web pages and social media.”Hussain took his efforts far enough to create a “kill list.” This list contained personal information about 1,300 U.S. government employees and military. The viral tweet attached to the list would say to “…kill these people where they live.”Between the link to the attack in Texas and the “kill list,” Hussain became a public enemy. This would lead to the drone-based assassination. Social media and the efforts of Hussain have changed the way officials look at terrorists.Share:








Prominent bishops in Nigeria gathered to express concern at a recent spat of killings committed by Muslim herdsman.Islam’s growing dominance threatens global stability. Millions of Christians face persecution by Muslim zealots. Islamists in northern Nigeria slaughtered over 800 “non-believers” in December alone. The President of the Nigerian Catholic Bishops’ conference is now begging the government for protection. “We are particularly saddened by the constant and wanton destruction of lives and properties,” said Archbishop Ignatius Kaigama. Yesterday, it was Southern Kaduna; recently, it was Zaki-Biam in Benue State and the other day, it was Ile-Ife in Oyo State…no one knows which community will be the next victim.”Christian farmers live in fear of attack by roving bands of Muslims. The constant clashes degrade the area’s peace. The wilds of northern Nigeria shield Boko Haram, a terrorist cell that many argue is more dangerous than ISIS. AdvertisementNigeria’s government is poorly-equipped to handle the country’s extremist crisis. Huge swaths of territory are, for all intents and purposes, outside of military control. Jihadists managed to kidnap hundreds of schoolgirls because of the government’s ineptitude. “The crisis here has persisted because of the way and manner the federal and state governments, as well as the security agents are handling it. The root cause of this crisis is the institutionalization of what could be regarded as structural injustice…[This] to my view, is a deliberate policy of injustice designed to shut our people out from the scheme of things and deny us our rights,” Bishop Joseph Bagobiri of Kafanchan told the Catholic News Services of Nigeria.Muslim herdsman in northern Nigeria have grown increasingly violent.Boko Haram’s poisonous ideology is infecting devout Muslim communities throughout northern Africa. Local government officials refuse to acknowledge radical Islam’s growing threat, likely because they’re too embarrassed to admit incompetence. AdvertisementNigeria is Africa’s most populous country. About half of it’s population identifies as Christian while 45 percent profess to be Muslim. The tension is stoked by geography. Muslims rule in the ungovernable north while Christians claim control of the south. If that order is disrupted, and Nigeria falls to terrorists, all of Africa is at risk. “Fifty-three villages burned down, 808 people murdered and 57 wounded, 1,422 houses and 16 churches destroyed,” Bishop Bagobiri told international charity organization Aid to the Church in Need when asked about the violence Christians suffered last December. While a few Christians have reportedly committed crimes in retaliation, most of the destruction in the region is being wrought by Muslim herdsman. According to the Huffington Post: “Revenge killings did take place…But the bishops strongly condemned the murder of Muslims at the hand of Christians, and such revenge attacks are very few now…The bishops have prevailed however, in the face of Boko Haram’s effort to provoke Christians into acts of retaliation and create chaos in the country. Of course, some Christians fight back if they are attacked.”Christians in Nigeria face persecution by radical Islamists.AdvertisementIslamic radicals desire to create a ruling caliphate in northern Africa that’s governed by sharia law. Anyone who resists indoctrination is an obstacle to be defeated. Christians are the obvious target. Boko Haram’s notorious attacks on schoolchildren are motivated by an intense hatred of Western ideals. Christians, with their love of freedom, embrace everything that jihadists despise. If Boko Haram, or any other Islamic group, actually manages to overpower Nigeria’s government and install themselves as rulers, it would be disastrous. The corruption that spoils Nigeria’s politics hinders the country from grappling with Islamists. Bishops came together to beg for government protection because Christians often have nothing to protect themselves beyond their belief. “We as a Church must evolve new ways on how we can face violence without losing faith,” Bishop Bagobiri said. ‘It is our prayer that God will give us his strength and the needed direction on how to make Christianity survive despite the constant attacks and persecutions we received. It is only God that can save us from our present situation…Our hope in Him is never in vain since he knows our problem and He will deliver us one day just as he delivered the people of Israel from the hands of the Egyptians.”Boko Haram’s deranged ideology is causing Nigeria to disintegrate. Terrorism needs to be eradicated; ISIS is not our only enemy. If we ignore the slaughter of Christians in Nigeria, what will we ignore next? Islam’s slow march to dominance cannot continue unchecked. Humanity demands that we unite to destroy religious extremism. Muslim fanatics are wreaking havoc across the world. It would be unconscionable to pretend like nothing is happening. Western attention is currently focused on the Middle East, perhaps to our detriment. Islamism in Africa is just as unpredictable and just as dangerous.Boko Haram rules huge swaths of northern Nigeria.“We live in a country that is multi-ethnic, multi-religious and complex in nature…that is why we must constantly appeal to the sensibilities of our political leaders not to be seen to promote the interest of any particular group but to be neutral and seek the common things that will promote unity, fairness and equity in the country,” said Bishop Kaigama.Share:








An Idaho company built a $4.3 million dollar solar roadway that generates less than $1 of energy per day.There has been a lot of hoopla about green energy but, according to an Idaho initiative, it sure doesn’t pay. Solar Freakin’ Roadways took six-and-a-half years to build a $4.3 million road over existing asphalt. The point was to experiment with renewable energy and hopefully power a nearby water fountain and restroom The result was less than $1 of usable energy.It’s a fancy road. Built in the town center of Sandpoint, Idaho by start-up company, Solar Roadways, the street has LED lights for road markings instead of paint. The hexagonal panels look like a lit-up dance floor. The panels distribute heat that melt away snow and ice. In Idaho, where some cities can receive over 100 inches of snow per year, this is certainly a useful feature. The solar panels are made of a reinforced glass designed to carry the weight of a semi-truck and a tractioned surface, or so the marketing claims. Scott and Julie Brusaw, owners of Solar Roadways, began by designing a solar parking lot for their office space. When that worked well they moved to bigger and better things.A close-up view of the panels by Solar Freakin’ Roadways.AdvertisementBut from the get-go, critics called the idea a scam. For one, it’s too expensive. It would cost trillions to coat the entire United States roadway system. For another, it’s just not durable enough to withstand the constant erosion by constant dirt and rocks. Building the panels under the asphalt might work a little better but would likely lose sunlight exposure. The LED lighting is novel, some roadways have them already, but not that useful. Besides, it can be more difficult to see during full sunlight.Regardless of opposition, the prototype was installed by the company on October 3 of last year and was supposed to be the future of American roadways. The hexagonal tiles are 4 square feet each and designed to hold a 44-watt solar panel. This is to say, 170 tiles could power an entire household.But, according to The Daily Caller, the experiment was an “epic fail.” After spending millions in funding and nearly seven years in development and construction, 25 of the 30 panels broke within the first week.AdvertisementJulie Brusaw had foreseen some manufacturing failure and told Business Insider in October, “We had a manufacturing equipment failure which caused some of the LEDs and solar cells to fail so we are going to have to swap them out for the first time as soon as we make new panels,” she said.Try swapping out virtually all of them. The original design for the Idaho street also included a “solar footpath,” consisting of 30 panels. But 18 of them suffered manufacturing damage and never made it to their destination. Shortly after that, four panels on the road were damaged in a rainfall and only five panels remained functional. Officials cite drainage issues, bad manufacturing, and design flaws.Solar paneled roadways are the new technology proposed by companies in U.S. and Europe. The idea is that the energy they collect can power nearby facilities.Then there was that one day in late March when the whole thing broke down and had to be repaired. Then, the electrical box converting the energy caught fire and the fire department had to come out.AdvertisementThe project was given $750,000 just for research from the U.S. Department of Transportation. The government also gave them another $850,000 to develop it. The company crowdfunded $2.2 million to finish the project.The entire point of the road was to create solar electricity. But the roadway generated an average of 0.62 kilowatt hours (kWh) of electricity. That’s on average. On March 29 it generated 0.62 kWh and on March 31 the panels created 1.06 kWh. To put that in perspective, a typical microwave uses about 1 kWh. Basically, the solar panels created about 90 cents of electricity.This isn’t the first time something like this has happened. In 2014, the Netherlands created a similar solar-paneled road. The cost was around 3 million Euros and used crystalline silicon cells embedded into concrete. They had more success than Solar Roadways although their solar road didn’t generate much either. The Netherlands project inspired the Brusaws to begin their work. They stated that if they redid all the roadways in the United States, the country would generate three times as much energy as it currently uses and would cut greenhouse gas by 75 per cent. It is certainly an ambitious claim. But when they can’t get one stretch of city street done…well, the concept sort of loses credibility.So it seems we are nowhere near a renewable energy source. Harnessing the power of the sun that bakes our roadways seemed like a great idea at the outset. But so do a lot of things. Until someone can come up with a workable way of doing it, it’s all a pipe dream.Share:








Ben Carson, Secretary of the Housing and Urban Development Department (pictured above).During the Obama administration, Democrats managed to get away with completely inappropriate actions, including misconduct. The former President’s failure to hold his administration accountable has had lasting consequences. One department particularly affected was the Housing and Urban Development Department (HUD). Fortunately, HUD is under new management. Dr. Ben Carson, the renowned neurosurgeon and former Presidential candidate, was appointed by President Donald Trump to fix the broken department. One of the doctor’s first acts as HUD Secretary was to audit the very department he is now heading, giving him an opportunity to utilize his razor-sharp attention to detail. His discovery, which revealed over $500 billion worth of financial errors, was incredibly disturbing.Ben Carson is responsible for leading an audit of HUD that found $500 billion worth of errors.AdvertisementAccording to a recent report released by the Inspector General tasked with the investigation, there was approximately $520 billion in errors. The auditors stated, “the total amounts of errors corrected in HUD’s notes and consolidated financial statements were $516.4 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively.” However, the investigators noted, “there were several other unresolved audit matters, which restricted our ability to obtain sufficient, appropriate evidence to express an opinion.” Specifically, they claimed that there were a number of issues relating to several different factors. First, they noted, that the Office of General Counsel’s “refusal to sign the management representation letter” affected their report. Second, the auditors argued that the “HUD’s improper use of cumulative and first-in, first-out budgetary accounting methods of disbursing community planning and development program funds” further hindered their investigation. Third, they mentioned that “due to inadequate support,” they could not audit the “$4.2 billion in non-pooled loan assets from Ginnie Mae’s stand-alone financial statements.”Ginnie Mae is the Government National Mortgage Association, an organization that was founded in 1968 to promote home ownership. Fourth, they claimed that “certain HUD assets and liabilities” were “improperly accounted for.” Finally, the report stated that another problem was the fact that there were “material differences between HUD’s subledger and general ledger accounts.” Their report concluded that in total, there were “11 material weaknesses, 7 significant deficiencies, and 5 instances of noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.”An error of this magnitude is completely unacceptable. There must be disciplinary action. Trump should call for a deeper investigation to figure out who was responsible for this incredible oversight. He should not be alone. Congress should use their power to set up a committee to investigate and punish the individuals responsible. Massive fraud like this might not be exclusive to HUD either. AdvertisementIt’s already been shown that under Obama’s leadership, at least one department was guilty of it. If that’s true, what other departments have billions of dollars worth of mistakes? There really needs to be a thorough audit of our entire federal government to figure out what departments are making dangerous financial errors like HUD. Failing to do so makes it possible for other errors like this to still exist.Former President Barack Obama.Despite Carson’s great work, his appointment was extremely controversial. Earlier this year, he was affirmed by a 58-41 vote in the Senate. His confirmation left a massive number of liberals outraged. In an article written by Slate, one liberal claimed “Carson’s lack of expertise in housing issues is a mockery of HUD and its far-reaching urban policy efforts,” noting that “the large-scale inequality unfolding in our cities necessitates an equally forceful response that Carson’s leadership will almost certainly not provide.” TIME went so far as to claim that his nomination was “an offense to America.”Guillermo Mayer, president and CEO of the San Francisco nonprofit and legal advocacy group Public Advocates, has also spoken out against Carson. He argued that the HUD secretary “is a perfect example” of someone “wholly unprepared to spearhead the agencies they’ve been chosen to lead or have views in opposition to those agencies.” According to him, “this is the time for somebody to be leading HUD who understands the agency and can advocate for its beneficiaries.” But he doesn’t believe Carson is qualified to do so, stating, “more than five million families are directly impacted by HUD. To have someone in charge who, from what we observed, didn’t realize the proposed Trump budget was going to cut the budget of the programs that he was promoting on his listening tour, is troubling.”AdvertisementUpon hearing that Carson was approved to be the HUD Secretary, Mayer decided to set up a “watchdog” group to track everything that the former surgeon does. “CarsonWatch,” which is the name of the group, is a collaborative effort between the Poverty and Race Research Action Council, the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, PolicyLink, and Mayer’s organization, focuses on ensuring housing and civil rights issues are not ignored by the department’s new leader.Carson was not the only appointment the left has freaked out about. The Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, also received an incredible amount of backlash after being appointed by an extremely narrow margin. Vice President Mike Pence actually had to break a 50-50 tie, making her the first Cabinet nomination in history to have to be approved in that way. Like Carson, many opposed her because they claimed she was wholly unqualified for the position, despite spending nearly 30 years working to improve education. The filmmaker Michael Moore suggested that her “mission” was to “destroy public schools.”In Michigan, her mission has been to destroy our public schools. Here, the for-profit charter schools business is a billion-dollar industry!— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) January 18, 2017AdvertisementRobert Reich, the well-known Berkeley professor, and unapologetic conspiracy theorist, publicly objected to her nomination on similar grounds. Specifically, he said, “DeVos knows nothing about public education, cares nothing for public education, has never even been publicly-educated, and appears to have learned nothing in her briefings for the hearing. If she’s confirmed, anyone can be confirmed for anything.” Other liberals claim she was only nominated because of the money she’s donated to education reform. While it’s true that she put her money where her mouth is, it seems absurd to suggest she bought the nomination. Rather, she was nominated because of her passion for education reform. She’s so passionate about it that she’s willing to donate money. Naturally, liberals tend to be opposed to donating money, preferring instead to have it forcefully taken by the government.However, despite the vast opposition, many were quick to come to her defense, including liberals. Joseph Lieberman, the Democratic nominee for Vice President in 2000, argued, “she doesn’t come from within the education establishment. But honestly, I believe that today that’s one of the most important qualifications you could have for this job,” adding, “we need a change agent.”Although the left continues to complain, Carson seems to be an incredible leader. He’s using his wisdom gained as an accomplished medical practitioner to surgically remove waste and abuse within the department. These findings are yet another example of liberal corruption. During the Obama administration, it’s clear that Democrats were not held accountable for their behavior. Now that Trump is in charge, action must be taken in order to prevent this from happening again in the future.Share:








Sean Hannity has pledged to sue Obama if the unmasking claims prove to be true.“Fair, balanced…furious.” Perhaps that should be the new slogan for Fox News. If this sounds like an attack, it isn’t. If a news agency the size of Fox is not outraged by the incredible lack of respect for the Constitution of the United States of which their existence stems, then they may as well be CNN. If this all sounds a bit too dramatic for many of those who are hearing it, it certainly does not to Fox’s Sean Hannity. He has made a vow to sue Obama if reports that he was spied upon by his administration’s CIA prove to be factual.Truthfeed News is reporting that Obama and his administration seems to “have weaponized their security departments” and engaged in spying on a number of American citizens who were supporters of President Donald Trump. It was GotNews who first suggested that Hannity could be one of the people who was spied upon. Considering that the media on both sides have been wrong about things like Russia-gate, basing too much on one claim can be dangerous. That said, Hannity has good reason to fear that the report is true considering the facts that have been thus far obtained regarding the Obama Administration.Sean Hannity is ready to go to court over the assault upon his rights.AdvertisementAccording to GotNews, Barack Obama‘s CIA Director John O. Brennan zeroed in on Trump supporters for what is being cited as “enhanced surveillance,” i.e. spying. It as if the lessons learned from Edward Snowden were ignored by everyone and our Fourth Amendment sits in an even more tattered state than we had feared. This information is said to have come from “intelligence sources,” though no further information is known regarding their identities. The offense is said to have taken place between November the 8th and the day of Trump’s Inauguration in January.The main focal point of the surveillance was General Mike Flynn (who may have been exposed illegally, which ruined him), a fellow billionaire by the name of Erik Prince, “and Fox News host Sean Hannity.” It is that last quote that may land Obama in court and sued from the radio and TV host. It is believed that he was chosen for such spying due to his alleged ties with Wikileaks founder and truth icon, Julian Assange. It is even said that it was none other than Hannity himself who was one of the people unmasked by Susan Rice, the then-Natioanl Security Advisor for President Obama.With all of the backroom deals and illegal activity, the fact that Trump STILL won shows how much America really believes in him.Erik Prince is the founder of Blackwater, and he had been a C.I.A. asset in the past, so while not justified, spying on him at least makes a modicum of sense. What makes it suspicious is that not only is he now a citizen and protected by the Constitution from such assaults on his liberty, but also due to the fact that it amounts to targeting someone just because they spoke badly about an agency. In this case, he is reported to be one who condemns the “bloat and incompetence” of the C.I.A. He feels that Brennan was a disaster for the agency and that more could have been done to save innocent lives in Afghanistan. He was made a target likely for this very reason, and that is illegal.AdvertisementWe know also that Prince was mentioned (along with anyone sporting a “TRUMP” bumper sticker) as having “Russian ties” from the Washington Post. No proof of that exists, however, only mounting evidence against the Democrats. What Trump and those close to him faced was rightfully called by its actual name by Judge Napolitano. He called the actions of Susan Rice, “espionage.” As more and more of the facts flood in, there is no other word that can be applied to this action or series of actions. How is Prince condemning mass death from the C.I.A. a matter of national security worthy of unmasking? If it was done over Russian ties, imagined or real, who authorized Rice to know about it? She is only to be seeing such data as a staffer, not procuring it.Hannity has a particular interest in getting to the bottom of “Rice-gate” since he may have been unmasked.As for Hannity, his plight is even more frightening. To the best of anyone’s knowledge, the radio host is not about to be exposed as a real life Jason Bourne anytime in the near future. He is not involved with the C.I.A. and has never been thought to be tied to anything nor anyone that would warrant such an unmasking. While he is a Republican (almost to a fault), he is certainly not someone who the left has any legal authority to investigate or snoop on. He is an American journalist, radio host, and news analyst. It does not matter if every member of Congress drifts off to sleep each night cursing his name, he has rights. These rights can not be taken away just because Susan Rice or anyone else decides that they should be gone.Those on the far side of the conspiracy realm may suggest that Hannity likely knows a great number of things that he should not, given his status, and therefore he needed to be monitored. Pretending that such ill logic is sane, that is why we have warrants. If something dangerous or otherwise related to national security should be suspected, there are legal means to get a warrant and to have him investigated for any such conspiracy. Not only has nothing like that been so much as hinted towards, but no warrant has been produced to show its legality, even if such were the case.AdvertisementDemocrats are hoping CNN can help them “ignore” the Rice scandal. This is actually what they said to do…”ignore” it.It all boils down to the Fourth Amendment right to be left alone and the First Amendment right to free speech. If Sean Hannity can be spied upon for his views, how many others can be for theirs as well? Leftists who are laughing or joyous at the news, do not be, for it could easily be your candidate that this is done to in the future. For that matter, is this so very different from what destroyed the run of Bernie Sanders, the most popular politician (by numbers) in America? This is not a left vs. right argument, but rather a fight between those who want the government to obey the Constitution and those who just want to be spied on and/or blackmailed someday. There are not many people in that second camp, no matter what party they support.Share:








Harvard students would rather risk it with ISIS than say anything positive about Donald Trump.In interviews, Harvard University students assert that Donald Trump is more of a threat to the American people than ISIS. Unable to point to things that he has done, they claim his rhetoric is more harmful to the country than the radical Islamic self-proclaimed caliphate that has killed thousands of their own people and inspired violent and illogical acts of terrorism across the world.A citizen, and socially-conscious individual, applying to college would hope that there are some that are not totally entrenched in social justice warfare. They would hope that this is specific to the liberal-arts colleges like Wesleyan, Skidmore, or Kenyon. They want to see that the countries truly great universities, who have presidential legacies, prioritize the constructive types of knowledge and only admit people who were able to take the social justice discourse for what it is, but move past it, setting their sights on issues larger than social commentary.A prospective applicant would expect that in college, they would be challenged by differing view-points and thus hone their ability to make an argument, be persuasive, and think logically. An applicant would imagine that their prospective peers would rise above the opinions expressed in the Twitter-sphere by faceless and thoughtless couch-potato pundits in less than one full paragraph.AdvertisementA prospective student would be mightily disappointed.It is commonly held that the Universities in America are hyper-liberal. A student in any college in America is more likely to study gender-identity, politics of race, and the benefits and inescapability of globalism, then they are to study nationalism, basic economics, or the economics of agriculture. Meaning, they are more likely to be ensnared in the sophistry of identity politics than to be taught real-world skills or socially constructive information.This is perfectly exemplified in two instances that made the news this week.AdvertisementThe first is from a report by Campus Reform, which calls itself a watchdog for the nation’s higher education system, to ‘expose bias and abuse on the nation’s college campuses.’This is a much-needed enterprise as the bias towards liberal ideology is overwhelming in academia.The video released by Campus Reform contains on-campus interviews with Harvard students who wander between buildings of their Ivy League school. The interviewer poses the question: What is more dangerous to American citizens, Donald Trump or ISIS?The students all answer: Donald Trump.AdvertisementTo fully grasp the deluded and diluted pre-fab mental maneuvers that a person would have to make to incant this ill-informed ideological invocation would require hands enough to cross the world.Donald Trump is very sorry he hurt your feelings.The students claim that the way Donald Trump speaks is harmful to the community. They say he gives voice to a community of people who have been put in the ideological corner of the country, which one student considers a bad thing. In the video the student doesn’t specify exactly who is in this “ideological corner.”Another student claims to not see terrorism as a problem, or a danger, to American lives.Outside of obvious political bias, one wonders whether these people truly know the terror of ISIS and what it would mean for them to hold any more space on the international stage. As Ivy League students we could hope that they would at least recognize the archaeological and historical atrocities of ISIS. The destruction of the ancient city of Palmyra, Mal Elian Monastery for instance, where they dug up the bones of a Catholic saint, and Mari, a city from roughly 2500 BC, which still stood, until ISIS bulldozed and looted its last remaining temple. As Ivy League students, as scholars, these people should care about such atrocities.AdvertisementThe ancient temple to Baal in the Syrian city of Palmyra before it was destroyed by ISIS.This week another student made news with his college application. High school student Ziad Ahmed responded to the essay prompt, What matters to you and why? by writing #blacklivesmatter 100 times. He was accepted into Stanford University, located in California, which is considered one of the country’s most prestigious universities. Ahmed’s parents are both college professors.Ziad Ahmed pictured with Mrs. Clinton.When Ahmed was asked to explain himself, “My unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application.” We are left to wonder how a hashtag is progressive. But leave that to those Ivy League types.Is there any answer except that these people are being failed by the college that they pay exorbitant prices to attend? The annual tuition at Harvard University is around $63,000. Stanford University’s is $64,477. The median American income is $46,326. The average graduate from the class of 2016 owes $37,172 and is entering a poor job market.Due to all of these economic factors, college is seen as a losing situation by an increasing number of people. Entering the job market early or attending technical school is appealing to more and more young people. The justification of the money – learning from great teachers and exposing yourself to diverse viewpoints and perspectives – no longer holds water.Share:








As part of its five year plan for transgender equality, an LGBT group is lobbying the British government to add a gender neutral option to the passport application.An LGBT group is lobbying for the British government to add a new item to the passport application. They want to add “X” as a check-box option for those who don’t want to answer the “gender” question. And that’s not all.Stonewall Trans Advisory Group (STAG) is an LGBT rights group that this week has launched a five year campaign called, “A Vision for Change.” The plan wants to ensure gender equality for all trans people in Britain.“It aims to ensure all transgender people in Britain can live full, authentic lives at home, at work, and in public, free from discrimination or abuse,” the document reads.AdvertisementThere are close to 650,000 transgender people in Britain—about 1% of the population. The group will lobby for public policy change for the entire 1%. The document was reviewed by over 170 transgender people in the country, as well as parents of trans children. On the passport issue, Bex Stinson of Stonewall asserts that trans people can face difficulties at customs if the passport gender does not match the gender of the traveler.“This can lead to distressing questions,” Stinson said.These questions about the traveler’s identity, from suspicious customs agents trained to find inconsistencies, can get highly personal. It can get even more complicated if there are children with them—whether adopted, in vitro, or from previous heterosexual relationships. Some trans people choose not to travel at all just because they don’t want to deal with airport personnel.“This situation would be avoided if ‘X’ markers were available for UK passport holders,” Stinson said. “This is just one of the many calls made in A Vision for Change, a five-year plan to secure full equality for trans people in every area of their lives.”AdvertisementAfter exiting the European Union, British passports will have to be redesigned anyway. LGBT advocates think this is a great time to add in a new option.But it depends on where the traveler is headed also. In some countries, such as Muslim majority nations or others with less acceptance of transgender issues, an “X” may mark the spot for discrimination. Stonewall representatives simply say that a traveler that intends on traveling to such countries should simply take the matter into consideration when filling out the application. In other words, personal choice.“Some trans people find it very validating of their identity to have that gender designator,” said Tara Stone, one of STAG’s advisors. “In terms of getting access to other things in daily life, having a piece of identification that marks out your gender is actually really useful.”Other changes by the five year plan include legal recognition of non-binary gender on all official documents. HSBC, one of the largest banks in the UK, has now added the option for account holders to identity themselves with other designations besides Mr. or Ms.Advertisement“Trans inclusion at work, in schools and sports are other key areas the document addresses. We also want to see better media representation of all trans people, and amends to other legal documents like the Gender Recognition Act, to ensure that all trans and nonbinary people are adequately protected in law,” Stinson stated.This comes right as Brexit has required British authorities to redesign the British passport anyway. Australian passports have included an X since 2011. The government also explains that it is investing 3 million in addressing related issues, like bullying of non-binary people. The official objectives of the Vision for Change proposal include:1. A reformed Gender Recognition Act to secure all trans people the right to self-determination and the removal of barriers that prevent some from having their gender legally recognized if they are unsupported by their family.2. A reformed Equality Act that will protect all trans people. The protected characteristic should be changed from ‘gender reassignment’ to ‘gender identity’ and the use of the terms ‘gender reassignment’ and ‘transsexual’ should be removed. Trans people must be able to understand when their rights are infringed, and to be able to take appropriate action.Advertisement3. Removal of the spousal veto and replaced with a mechanism that protects trans people and does not delay access to legal gender recognition.4. Judicial clarity of ‘sex by deception’ cases to define the legal position on what constitutes sex by deception based on gender, and to ensure trans people’s privacy is protected.5. Legal recognition of nonbinary people and for national and local government documents and procedures to accurately reflect gender identity, including a non-obligatory ‘X’ category on forms and passports.6. Reform of the asylum system, to ensure that trans asylum seekers are not placed in detention where they face serious risks.So it seems that the country, mere decades away from being a Muslim-majority nation, is to become an advanced gender-neutral one as well. What are the odds?Share:








South Carolina’s Representative Trey Gowdy is now one of the top Republicans that’ll be leading the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into the fake news Russia conspiracy.Here is him speaking on it:On Thursday, Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) said he would recuse himself after accusations were filed against him in the Office of Congressional Ethics. Nunes said that the charges were “entirely false and politically motivated.”Now, Trey Gowdy will take the lead alongside Rep. Mike Conaway (R-Texas).Here is what Nunes said today:“I believe it is in the best interests of the House Intelligence Committee and the Congress for me to have Representative Mike Conaway, with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney, temporarily take charge of the Committee’s Russia investigation while the House Ethics Committee looks into this matter,” Nunes said in a statement Thursday morning. “I will continue to fulfill all my other responsibilities as Committee Chairman, and I am requesting to speak to the Ethics Committee at the earliest possible opportunity in order to expedite the dismissal of these false claims.”*** SHARE THIS 1 MILLION TIMES! Let’s make the Democrats scared. Trey Gowdy is coming for them and they are not going to know what hit them. (h/t Greenville Online)








Donald Trump Jr. is going to run for political office. He just told members of an elite gun club that he wants to become the governor of New York.According to Page Six, Don Jr. spoke to the members of the F6 Labs gun club in Hicksville, NY. He said that he wanted to be just like his father President Donald Trump.He’ll do so well. Do you remember when he did this for a random citizen?A guest that heard Don Jr.’s speech told Page Six that “Don Jr. said he is interested in running for office, such as governor of New York, but the position of mayor of New York would be less interesting to him.”Apparently, helping his father on the campaign made him think: “Do I want to be behind the scenes and be a mouthpiece and fight back against crazy liberal media? Maybe.” He then said that he loves politics: “Going back to doing deals is boring after 18 months. The politics bug bit me.”There are rumors that he is going to be running to take the governorship away in New York.Let’s give him a warm welcome and a ‘GOD BLESS’ as he follows in his father’s footsteps.*** SHARE THIS AND LET’S LET HIM KNOW WE WANT HIM TO RUN!! Let’s make New York Great again, y’all!Thanks for reading. (h/t Page Six)








This is ridiculous. I’m sure you have seen it. The entire mainstream media is calling for America to go to war in Syria again.Just look at the top new stories. All Fake news CNN basically assessing that Trump should pursue a military option in Syria.Let’s also get this out of the way. Assad is not a great leader but he is the only secular ally that we have in that region. Why do we want to depose a secular dictator in the middle east again? It hasn’t worked out well for us.Look what this Ex-UK Ambassador had to say about this.*** SHARE THIS EVERYWHERE!This Syrian story needs to be investigated. We should not be beating the drums of war.And the presence of this video showing Syrian White Helmets staging an attack should make anyone take pause at any videos or news coming out of that region.Watch this video before Youtube deletes it:*** SHARE this, patriots! Trump needs to see this. He needs to know that he shouldn’t go into Syria blind. We cannot let the neocon globalists get our President stuck in a conflict with no way to victory.Thanks for reading.








This is no laughing matter. Ben Carson is the first neurosurgeon to seperate conjoined twins. He is a frickin’ American legend.*** And he just did something legendary!President Trump picked Ben Carson to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development – which grew a ton under Barack Obama.As one of the first acts of HUD Secretary, Carson then ordered an audit to be done on the agency.Here is what he found:Now. Doesn’t that sound like our former commander-in-thief?“The total amounts of errors corrected in HUD’s notes and consolidated financial statements were $516.4 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively,” the auditors wrote.“There were several other unresolved audit matters, which restricted our ability to obtain sufficient, appropriate evidence to express an opinion. These unresolved audit matters relate to (1) the Office of General Counsel’s refusal to sign the management representation letter, (2) HUD’s improper use of cumulative and first-in, first-out budgetary accounting methods of disbursing community planning and development program funds, (3) the $4.2 billion in nonpooled loan assets from Ginnie Mae’s stand-alone financial statements that we could not audit due to inadequate support, (4) the improper accounting for certain HUD assets and liabilities, and (5) material differences between HUD’s subledger and general ledger accounts. This audit report contains 11 material weaknesses, 7 significant deficiencies, and 5 instances of noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.”It’s time to start operating, Ben Carson! Tear down the corruption in the HUD department. It just seems that the more light is shined on Obama’s government, the more we get to see how corrupt Barry really was.Remember when Ben Carson DESTROYED Elizabeth Warren?You can read the entire report here.*** SHARE this everywhere! The mainstream media is literally not reporting on it. It’s up to us to get this news out about this.Give Ben Carson a ‘GOD BLESS’ in the comments, y’all! (h/t Daily Wire)








When the libs can’t say something nice, they shouldn’t say nothing at all!  Or maybe they should just keep their mouths shut all-together.But no, when they’re losing every other argument (Supreme Court Justice, Russia, health care…etc.) they revert to their middle school selves and come out swinging at our beloved First Lady, Melania Trump.Once again, CNN proves that, if it’s about Trump, even indirectly, they just shouldn’t say nothing at all.  I mean, seriously, folks!  When I watch this video, I feel like I’m back in my middle school cafeteria, listening to all the “mean girls!”“It’s not a criticism…” says Michelle Kosinski, CNN’s Senior Diplomatic Correspondent.  “The entire conversation in that room was about Melania Trump’s appearance….” “She was obviously reading, with some difficulty, which is not her fault….” Blah, blah, blah.   I mean, Regina George lately?Clearly, Michelle Kosinski is quite enamored with the Queen of Jordan, as she goes on and on about all her accomplishments, saying nothing about Melania’s!  So, in the spirit of fighting back, let’s go over just a few:  she speaks 5 languages, she’s started 2 businesses and she’s been a successful model.Take that, you Regina George!








During his last year in office, Obama added massive numbers to new regulations to our already over-regulated laws.But, thanks to Donald Trump, many of those regulations are on their way out!  According to Breitbart.com, Obama applied 18 pieces of regulation to every new law, and added record levels of RED TAPE.But all that red tape, and all those regulations, have been killing small and large business alike, in this country.  And that, in turn, has hurt employment.  Trump promised to fix that, and he’s already started:  MASSIVELY!  Trump has proposed that for every new regulations proposed, 2 separate regulations must be cut. And he has created regulation watchdogs, too!  Trump said, “every regulation should have to pass a simple test: Does it make life better or safer for American workers or consumers? If the answer is no, we will be getting rid of it and getting rid of it quickly.”Like and SHARE this if you are sick of all the RED TAPE!








We all know that Obamacare is confusing.  No doubt about that!  But what’s easy to understand is that it’s a DISASTER…and getting worse by the day.To make things worse, there’s a complicated provision that could cost Americans billions, and it’s probably UNCONSTITUTIONAL!  It’s called Cost Sharing Reductions, or CSR’s.According to Robert Donachie, Finance and Health Care Reporter at the Daily Caller, CSR’s are basically where a person can’t afford to pay their very high deductible, so the insurance company pays it for them.  Well, under Obamacare, the Federal Government then reimburses the insurance company that money…but where does that money come from?In 2014 the House Republicans sued the Obama Administration, taking the position that Congress had to appropriate funds for those reimbursements, which it never had done. In 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia decided that the case had merit and allowed it to move forward.  The Obama Administration appealed and that appeal continues today.Cut to January 2017 and the Obama Administration is no more (thank God!).  The problem is, because of  Obama’s appeal, and numerous Republican-led delays, the possibly unconstitutional reimbursement system continues TO THIS DAY!The problem is: what do do now.  If the Trump Administration continues Obama’s appeal, and they lose, Trump will be one step closer to finally relieving America from Obamacare.But, if Trump doesn’t pursue Obama’s appeal,  and doesn’t fund the potentially unconstitutional Obamacare reimbursement scheme, insurance companies won’t get reimbursed.Insurance companies aren’t just gonna eat it, they will pass this mess, and the financial consequences, on to US, in the form of ever increasing premiums that many of us already can’t afford.Even if we assume that Obama was trying to help when he instituted Obamacare, it was destined to fail and it HAS failed.  And we, the American people, desperately need help from the consequences.








President Trump just managed to drop ANOTHER bombshell on America.Today he gave a private Oval Office interview to the New York Times of all people! Crazy, especially considering their history of lying.However, he dropped a MAJOR bomb on the reporter today. When the reporter asked, “Do you think think Susan Rice committed a crime?” Trump responded with,Oh Hell yeah! They were trying to get him in some sort of stupid “GOTCHA” question but he totally owned them.President Trump kept it plain and simple. Susan Rice is a career criminal. PERIOD. Obama was probably in on her crimes. PERIOD.And considering this story is basically Watergate on Steroids, he made it very clear how big this thing really is.“I think it’s going to be the biggest story. It’s such an important story for our country and the world. It is one of the big stories of our time.”NAILED IT! This is the biggest story of our time. Soon, everyone will realize the “Russia scare” was all part of Obama’s tactics to cover up his own traitorous actions.If you are confident that Trump will be 100% vindicated and Obama, Susan Rice, and their whole criminal gang will go down, then do your part and help Trump get this Shared out all over the place!








President Donald Trump really wanted to make peace with Syria, but even his kindness has its limits.Yesterday, the Assad regime in Syria dropped Sarin gas on their own civilians. Trump TRIED to offer to work with Assad to fight ISIS, but this was the last straw.That’s why our president held a Press Conference today were he made this ultimatum to Syrian ESPECIALLY Assad,WOW! That message was loud and clear.And as if to add even more clarity, Trump also made it official that his opinions on Syria and Assad have now changed and there WILL be ramifications for his actions.Now, previously Trump had proposed letting Assad stay in power to stabilize Syria after we beat ISIS. From the sounds of it, that option is OFF the table.Thank God we finally have a President who won’t simply draw a “line in the sand” and then not do anything about it. Bashar Assad is in for a world of hurt now.Let’s help prove to the Lying Liberal Media that our President IS worried about the people of Syria and end their LIES about. Share this everywhere to help protect Trump’s legacy!!








Today President Donald Trump made a MASSIVE shakeup to his National Security Council. He decided to REMOVE Steve Bannon from the NSC after MONTHS of Controversy.Of course, you can bet the Mainstream Media was HAPPY to report on this. They HATE Bannon. What they won’t tell you is the real reason WHY President Trump axed him…According to a senior White House Official who spoke to Daily Mail, Bannon’s job on the NSC was to “de-operationalize” Gen Mike Flynn when he took over so he didn’t get caught up in Susan Rice’s “projects.”Well, now Mike Flynn is a distant memory and Susan Rice and all of her policies have been disgraced. Basically, there is no more need for Bannon on the NSC.To top it off, Trump even told Gen. McMaster when he took over for Mike Flynn that he was welcome to change the staff and even remove Bannon from the Council if he saw fit to do so.So, yes. Steve Bannon is gone. But it’s NOT because of the Leftists and their propaganda. It’s because Donald Trump didn’t need him in that role anymore. Plain-and-simple.








Former National Security Advisor Susan Rice is now tied to the “unmasking” scandal that rocked this country for the past week. The House Intelligence Committee has now officially gotten Susan Rice to testify.According to the WSJ, Rice is on a list of witnesses that were drawn up as part of the probe into the scandal. House Republicans and Democrats both agreed on the list of 30 witnesses.Here’s what Rand Paul said:Earlier on Tuesday, Rice said that she didn’t use the info on Trump’s associates for political reasons. She says that she didn’t leak anything about Mike Flynn.Here is the woman herself saying that she “didn’t leak nothing to nobody”:The next questions is who did the leaking. Susan Rice is going to have to answer for the unmasking scandal. Trump is going take all of these people down. Just you wait.*** SHARE the good news! Get this out there. SHARE it 500,000 times. The mainstream media doesn’t want this getting out. (h/t Zero Hedge)








Obama is in BIG trouble now. First we found out he was spying on Trump. Then we learned that Susan Rice was behind the unmaskings. Now a CIA officer has stepped forward with GROUNDBREAKING info!Uehlinger told Breitbart News,“Even though at this point, there seems to be no evidence of breaking the law, this ‘unmasking’ of people was ill-advised at best. I think it really shows that abuse of power and the fact that many people in the Obama administration were willing to violate the spirit of the laws designed to protect Americans, perhaps rather than the law itself.”This is not some minor breakthrough, either. It could be tantamount to treason. According to Mr Uehlinger, Trump needs to step away from his policies and get to the bottom of the IMMEDIATELY.“While I understand, you know, it’s important that the Trump administration has to move forward with its domestic agenda, but these allegations demand to be further investigated.”I, for one, agree with this CIA officer that Susan Rice and Obama need to be investigated and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Share this if you feel the same!








If nothing else, President Donald Trump is a man of his word. He said he was gonna Drain the Swamp and he IS and he said he was gonna donate his first check and, by George, he’s done it.The donation was very public after Sean Spicer brought out the new Secretary of Interior Ryan Zinke and had him present the check live on camera.Trump was expected to give the money to a charity, so him donating to the Government came as a big surprise. Still, it’s hard to complain.So once again President Trump has shown us how honorable AND generous he can be by keeping his word.You know what? I’d bet you the mainstream media are gonna bury this story so deep that nobody will EVER find it. I think you, me, and everyone we know oughta share this out and let the world see that TRUMP IS GOOD!








Donald Trump was 100% right! Barack Obama DID make a massive rule change right before leaving office just to get away with spying on President Trump.There was a longstanding rule that forced intelligence agencies to censor the names of Americans intercepted during monitoring on foreign nationals before passing them on.According to the new report from Circa.com, however, Obama made a last minuted switch up that allowed him to target Trump and his team!Obama changed a key rule that allowed him to unmask and then share the names revealed with all of his top staff including, but not limited to, Susan Rice, John Brennan, and Loretta Lynch.The report also alleges that some of the intercepted reports gathered between November and January concerned figures in Donald Trump’s transition team who were communicating with foreign nationals.Luckily, however, the NSA is expected to hand over a full and detailed report to Congress soon revealing who and to what degree Obama abused this rule to spy on.One source said,“Wholesale access to unmasked incidental NSA intercepts essentially created the potential for spying on Americans overseas after the fact, which is exactly what our foreign intelligence arms are not supposed to be doing.”This is a very SERIOUS accusation. If it is all true, and it seems more and more likely that it is, that means Obama violated the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution that protects Americans from unlawful and unreasonable search and seizures.Of course, you and I both know the media will do their best to cover this up. That’s why it’s up to us to SHARE this truth everywhere!








Today is a very great day. The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and Judge Neil Gorsuch just got a MASSIVE win for joining the Supreme Court.The Senator from Indiana released this statement,“After meeting with Judge Gorsuch, conducting a thorough review of his record, and closely following his hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I believe that he is a qualified jurist who will base his decisions on his understanding of the law and is well-respected among his peers.”He now joins the ranks of other Democrats willing to see reason and work with Republicans including Sens. Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND).To make this win even sweeter, Sen Donnely’s declaration came just HOURS after Chuck Schumer said he didn’t think Gorsuch could get enough Democrats to support him. JOKES ON YOU!Sure, he still needs 8 more Dems to reach the 60 vote threshold, but there is time.You can bet President Trump is pretty excited. He released a special Weekly Address this week and it’s all about Gorsuch:If you are excited to see Gorsuch winning so much AND Democrats FINALLY willing to do the right thing and actually work with Republicans, then you gotta help us spread the joy and SHARE this out everywhere!Paul Ryan is done with. Because he betrayed the party and for that, cannot stay in office long. Trump with good people to back him can take this all the way. Democrats have to realize They need to stand together with Trump, because we all know Schumer is done for as well as Pelosi. With the sex scandals, and child trafficking, and the scam Pelosi and her son did that nobody is reporting on. I find it odd, but predictable to assume it would all go away and we would forget. the problem is we did not forget. I am sure the next couple weeks will be remembered for a long time.








On March 27, 2017 one family’s peace was disturbed, at their own home, by three would-be burglars.  But these burglars did not get away with their terrifying crime.Instead of the pillaging and who knows what else these three would-be felons intended, they ended up at the wrong end of a firearm allegedly held by 23 year old Zach Peters, according to Amber Randall of The Daily Caller News Foundation.Listening to the 911 call, you can hear that the alleged family defender has compassion for the intruders, three teenage boys who clearly were not taught, or never learned, rules and respect.  But what he allegedly did was self-defense, plain and simple.Now, none of us wants to hear about three teenagers losing their young lives.  But was the 23 year old alleged family defender supposed to potentially lose his?  According to the grandfather of one of the alleged burglars, Leroy Schumacher, they did not deserve to die for their crime, reports KTUL.Of course, we understand that this grandfather is grieving.  He admits his grandson and the two other teens made a “bad decision,” but says they “did not deserve to die, ” reports KTUL.Again, of course he is grieving.  But anyone knows, or should, that if you break into someone’s home, their place of peace and privacy, you could end up on the other end of someone’s Second Amendment right to protect themselves, their loved ones and their property.We will be praying for all involved, and all of their loved ones.  AND, we will also insist on maintaining our Second Amendment!LIKE and SHARE this article with everyone you know who supports the Second Amendment.  And COMMENT, #SupporttheSecondAmendment.








Mark Cuban may look like a fool most the time, but after what he said about Trump today there is not a person in the world who will listen to him again..Now Cuban is not great at reading people. After all, his logic assumes that Donald Trump is too dumb to work with Putin. Oh yeah? Well he still beat you and Hillary!9) No chance this is a DJT led conspiracy. He isn't detail oriented, organized or big picture enough to pull off any time of conspiracy— Mark Cuban (@mcuban) April 1, 2017This tweet chain was all part of his BS conspiracy, totally made up, about how Trump REALLY won the election.Just to remind all y’all, Mark Cuban volunteered to run as both Trump’s and Hillary Clinton’s Vice President. Neither said yes.I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017Also, just a few weeks back Cuban spoke directly to Breitbart where he complimented Trump’s economic policies.See? There are 2 lessons to be learned here:So thanks, Mr. Cuban. Your rambling has once again reminded us WHY we elected Trump in the first place. Maybe Cuban’s brain doesn’t work too well…Who the hell really knows?








This is a very dark day for the legendary FOX News reporter, Bill O’Reilly.The biggest suit wasThe other 4 women got a total of $6 Million from him.To make it worse, both Wendy Walsh and Andrea Tantaros have also accused O’Reilly of sexual harassment. Neither of them have gotten a payout as of this article being written.Damn, that does NOT look good.So is this the end of The O’Reilly Factor? Well, from the looks of this statement released by 21st Century FOX, probably not:Notwithstanding the fact that no current or former Fox News employee ever took advantage of the 21st Century Fox hotline to raise a concern about Bill O’Reilly, even anonymously, we have looked into these matters over the last few months and discussed them with Mr. O’Reilly. ‘While he denies the merits of these claims, Mr. O’Reilly has resolved those he regarded as his personal responsibility. ‘Mr. O’Reilly is fully committed to supporting our efforts to improve the environment for all our employees at Fox News.See? So is Bill O’Reilly guilty or is this just another attack on a conservative pundit? That’s up to a court to decide.As of now, the best we can do is help SPREAD the Truth around Facebook and not let the Leftist Media write their own version of the story…I caught a SS of Mister O’Reilly during Lindsey Graham on.
No Question the MAN gave the 666 hand sign into the camera.
FOX news is just as corrupt as the Pope and Papacy.








How are those little pink knit caps the liberal feminists wore to try to disgrace our beloved American President at his inauguration supposedly now oppressing transgenders?  Well, apparently, transgender women are feeling sad because they don’t have real female reproduction parts (because God didn’t give them those!), so they feel that they can’t be a part of the modern feminist movement!  You’re kidding me, right?   And they are even blaming President Donald Trump for their allegedly being left out of their rightful part in the feminist movement, because, after all, it was Mr. Trump who made those comments we all remember and that the Democrats tried to make such a BIG DEAL! Well, obviously it wasn’t such a big deal, because he is now our PRESIDENT!  LIKE and SHARE if you think liberals are a bunch of CRY BABY, EXCUSE MAKERS!








When it comes to being all about the law with ZERO B.S., Trey Gowdy is the absolute KING! Today, he proved it again by taking down CNN with only 2 Words.The CNN hostess, Alisyn Camerota, tried to trick Gowdy by asking him if he was investigating the Russia-election claims and Devin Nunes at the same time. She was CLEARLY implying they were tied together.That’s when Gowdy fired back with this:Gowdy schooled Camerota by telling her,Alisyn, the trip to the White House that Devin took had nothing to do with Russia. So let’s don’t conflate the trip with the investigation.”He summed it up so simple, even a liberal TV show host could understand,“What Devin went to the White House about has nothing to do with Russia, so put that in a separate track. I was ready yesterday to start interviewing witnesses, all of them.”Great job, Mr. Gowdy! You absolutely OWNED those “Fake News” makers at CNN.Maybe they should take a lesson in honesty and hard work from this man. If you love Trey Gowdy, and I know you do, then let him know and Share this everywhere!








Modern day liberals have absolutely NO SHAME! I mean sure, the hippy movement was bad, but these new ones make hippies look like nuns! Don’t believe me? Just take a look at what they are doing to Kellyanne Conway, a HERO of women.So some liberals were out browsing the web and came across THIS picture of actor Patrick Stewart in drag:Something is happening in Hollywood tonight. pic.twitter.com/hhDTqOtBx5— Patrick Stewart (@SirPatStew) April 19, 2016Now, he did this back in 2016 and meant no harm by it. However, the leftists decided “Oh, he looks kinda like Kellyanne Conway.” So what did they do with it?This is not just sad, it’s plain disrespectful.We are talking about a hard working mother of 3 who STILL found time and energy needed to become the first woman EVER to manage a winning US Presidential campaign!While SNL and Stewart have not confirmed anything, you can bet that the Leftist TROLLS are working hard to make their dreams come true.Now, there is nothing wrong with making fun of public figures if it’s done FAIRLY, but we all know SNL will not do that. That’s why we gotta fight back and protect Kellyanne Conway from their abuse.The best ways to do this are STOP watching SNL and share this to let them know this is one step TOO FAR!NEXT PAGE==>They have no shame to continue to degrade people.  They are vultures who live off of making fun of others.  We want to tell Kellyanne she is a breath of fresh air  and we appreciate the truth from her instead of the constant lies that come from the Liberals, Demo-Rats and the Shadow Government. You are nothing but disgusting good for nothings.  Why not make fun of your Heros, OVomit and Killary or Slick Willie and leave the rest of the decent people alone. These people deserve it as they sold there souls long ago.  They took there 30 pieces of Silver and they will reap what they have sown.








The globalists have weaponized the federal government and did so when the IRS illegally attacked the Tea Party members. The EPA, using the climate change myth attacks farmers and ranchers. These practices have reached a level where the federal government is the decided enemy of the people.
The weaponization of the government in order to achieve complete repression of freedom, is no more apparent than it is when we look at the Susan Rice/Obama fiasco which was designed to destroy political enemies. Further, CNN gave the questions to Hillary Clinton in Debate #2.
it could not be any more clear that America is unquestionably now Amerika complete with the NDAA gulags and torture facilities thanks to the NDAA. This is the legacy of the “looney left”.
To quote Mike Adams, “Liberals are lawless and lean towards tyranny. Liberals lean towards tyranny and left on their own, they will always be tyrannical”. And there is an underlying Satanic evil which underlies all of this.
The “Animalizing” of America
At the 33:00 mark of the interview I did with Mike Adams, I shared my observations of the left in that they are not really Americans, “they merely live in our space. They lack empathy and appear to be operating without a soul.” To that point, Mike Adams offered up the fact that through the vaccines, the metals contribute to the stripping away of higher cognitive functions. He feels that if the brain was not poisoned by aluminum in the vaccines and copper in supplements that “nobody would pay attention to CNN.
Every time one gets a flu shot, they are getting a chemical lobotomy. The ingestion of massive amounts of fluoride in our water lowers IQ, there is a prevalence of lead which is linked to cognitive decline and the inability to process information…Copper causes mental delusions when taken in excess..copper makes one suggestible to programming.” And we wonder where George Soros gets the recruits he does for his anti-social, riot-filled activities…”I am testing multi-vitamins and I am finding copper in extremely high amounts.  Why does the FDA want people to have low amounts of vitamin D, which prevents cancer, while encouraging toxic, delusional-causing copper to be ingested at unsafe levels.” From my perspective, this is about programming and preserving the profit margin of the cancer industry.
Cancer for Profit
Mike Adams talked about the fact that there is a molecule predicts cancer which is why dogs can be trained to detect cancer. Conversely, there is a molecule that some produce that prevents cancer. It is much more prevalent in the young. Before this story continues, we must step aside for a moment and discuss cannibalism.
Cannibalism
Last month, I interviewed Steve Quayle and he talked about a subject, in relation to the globalists, that still haunts me today. Steven discussed the fascination and increased prevalence of the heinous practice of cannibalism.
Along these same lines, when I interviewed Mike Adams, late last night, and heard a different version of the same story, but nonetheless it was the same exact theme. To the best of my knowledge, Steve Quayle and Mike Adams are the only ones who are discussing this practice in such a bold manner.
Back to the story of molecules, blood and cancer. The longevity globalists are taking blood from children and using it for transfusions. The purpose should be crystal clear. Mike Adams went on to say that “they (the globalists) are willing to drain the blood of the young so they can live forever”.
THIS GIVES ME NEW MEANING TO THE ABDUCTION OF CHILDREN AND ITS RELATIONSHIP WITH PEDOGATE
I told Mike Adams of Steve Quayle’s statements about cannibalism and I wanted to know, whether or not, this is related. Mike answered in the affirmative. The use of aborted fetal cells in vaccines is a form of cannibalism. This constitutes the blending of the DNA of a dead baby with your living baby. And it’s not just human DNA, we are talking about the DNA of cows, pigs, African Monkeys, etc., and we find these ingredients in vaccines. This is how SV40 cancer causing agents got into the polio vaccine. This represents the hideous practice known as Chimera which is the blending of human and animal. Does it get any more Satanic than this? Adams stated that the new Ebola vaccine is about. It reprograms the cells for some predetermined purpose.
The Unwilling Anti-VAX Believers
As America catches on to the fact the fact that vaccines are pure poison, the globalists have to find a way to get their product into your body, and they have discovered the method. This comes through the practice of genetically engineered mosquitoes to combat the ZIKA virus.  When people become more knowledgeable about the dangers of vaccines, they won’t line up to be injected. What will the looney left do? They will turn the genetically programmed mosquitoes loose on the population. This is what Bill Gates is working on. Liberalism is a suicide cult.
Here is the complete interview. The last 15 minutes of this interview are some of the best radio that you will ever hear.

Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense Show
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US

 




This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information.






 



GREAT OPPORTUNITY

Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more


 The globalists have weaponized the federal government and did so when the IRS illegally attacked the Tea Party members. The EPA, using the climate change myth attacks farmers and ranchers. These practices have reached a level where the federal government is the decided enemy of the people.The weaponization of the government in order to achieve complete repression of freedom, is no more apparent than it is when we look at the Susan Rice/Obama fiasco which was designed to destroy political enemies. Further, CNN gave the questions to Hillary Clinton in Debate #2.it could not be any more clear that America is unquestionably now Amerika complete with the NDAA gulags and torture facilities thanks to the NDAA. This is the legacy of the “looney left”.To quote Mike Adams, “Liberals are lawless and lean towards tyranny. Liberals lean towards tyranny and left on their own, they will always be tyrannical”. And there is an underlying Satanic evil which underlies all of this.At the 33:00 mark of the interview I did with Mike Adams, I shared my observations of the left in that they are not really Americans, “they merely live in our space. They lack empathy and appear to be operating without a soul.” To that point, Mike Adams offered up the fact that through the vaccines, the metals contribute to the stripping away of higher cognitive functions. He feels that if the brain was not poisoned by aluminum in the vaccines and copper in supplements that “nobody would pay attention to CNN.Every time one gets a flu shot, they are getting a chemical lobotomy. The ingestion of massive amounts of fluoride in our water lowers IQ, there is a prevalence of lead which is linked to cognitive decline and the inability to process information…Copper causes mental delusions when taken in excess..copper makes one suggestible to programming.” And we wonder where George Soros gets the recruits he does for his anti-social, riot-filled activities…”I am testing multi-vitamins and I am finding copper in extremely high amounts.  Why does the FDA want people to have low amounts of vitamin D, which prevents cancer, while encouraging toxic, delusional-causing copper to be ingested at unsafe levels.” From my perspective, this is about programming and preserving the profit margin of the cancer industry.Mike Adams talked about the fact that there is a molecule predicts cancer which is why dogs can be trained to detect cancer. Conversely, there is a molecule that some produce that prevents cancer. It is much more prevalent in the young. Before this story continues, we must step aside for a moment and discuss cannibalism.Last month, I interviewed Steve Quayle and he talked about a subject, in relation to the globalists, that still haunts me today. Steven discussed the fascination and increased prevalence of the heinous practice of cannibalism.Along these same lines, when I interviewed Mike Adams, late last night, and heard a different version of the same story, but nonetheless it was the same exact theme. To the best of my knowledge, Steve Quayle and Mike Adams are the only ones who are discussing this practice in such a bold manner.Back to the story of molecules, blood and cancer. The longevity globalists are taking blood from children and using it for transfusions. The purpose should be crystal clear. Mike Adams went on to say that “they (the globalists) are willing to drain the blood of the young so they can live forever”.THIS GIVES ME NEW MEANING TO THE ABDUCTION OF CHILDREN AND ITS RELATIONSHIP WITH PEDOGATEI told Mike Adams of Steve Quayle’s statements about cannibalism and I wanted to know, whether or not, this is related. Mike answered in the affirmative. The use of aborted fetal cells in vaccines is a form of cannibalism. This constitutes the blending of the DNA of a dead baby with your living baby. And it’s not just human DNA, we are talking about the DNA of cows, pigs, African Monkeys, etc., and we find these ingredients in vaccines. This is how SV40 cancer causing agents got into the polio vaccine. This represents the hideous practice known as Chimera which is the blending of human and animal. Does it get any more Satanic than this? Adams stated that the new Ebola vaccine is about. It reprograms the cells for some predetermined purpose.As America catches on to the fact the fact that vaccines are pure poison, the globalists have to find a way to get their product into your body, and they have discovered the method. This comes through the practice of genetically engineered mosquitoes to combat the ZIKA virus.  When people become more knowledgeable about the dangers of vaccines, they won’t line up to be injected. What will the looney left do? They will turn the genetically programmed mosquitoes loose on the population. This is what Bill Gates is working on. Liberalism is a suicide cult.Here is the complete interview. The last 15 minutes of this interview are some of the best radio that you will ever hear.Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information. Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more








The American economy is on the brink. Our national debt has never been higher, and it continues to pump up the overinflated stock market. And while the stock market has given the naive some hope that all is looking well, that hope is misplaced. GDP growth in 2016 came out to a miserable 1.6%; the worst since the Great Recession. Oh yeah, we’re also facing the largest unfunded pension crisis in US history.In the following video, Right Wing News interviews Charles Thorngren from Nobel Gold precious metals about his thoughts on what America is going to look like when the bubbles finally burst. The real estate bubble is forming again, only now joined by subprime auto loans and student loans. How will America look like when prices crash everywhere? Will we be looking back at the years of the Great Recession with fondness? Only time will tell, but history has shown that social unrest always follows severe economic crashes. Can You Afford to Lose 40% of Your Retirement Account? Most of us can’t! Find out what you can do to protect yourself, while you still have time!SUBSCRIBE TO THE TOP STORIES OF THE WEEK IN THE NEWSLETTER HERESIGN UP FOR THE AMERICAN INTELLIGENCE NEWSLETTER ATAim4Truth.orgWWW.THELASTGREATSTAND.COMThe Economic Collapse reports:Have you ever thought about what comes after the bubble?  In 2008 we got a short preview of what life will be like, but most Americans seem to have come to the conclusion that the last financial crisis was just a minor bump in the road toward endless economic prosperity.  But of course the truth is that the ridiculously high debt-fueled standard of living that we are enjoying now is not sustainable, and after this bubble bursts it will be an extremely painful adjustment for our society.Since the last financial crisis, the U.S. national debt has nearly doubled, corporate debt has doubled, stock valuations have reached exceedingly ridiculous extremes, the student loan debt bubble has surpassed a trillion dollars, we are facing the largest unfunded pension crisis in U.S. history, and in many parts of the country (particularly the west coast) we are facing a housing bubble that is even worse than the one that burst in 2007 and 2008.And even with all of these bubbles, U.S. GDP growth has been absolutely anemic.  Even if you believe the grossly manipulated numbers that the federal government puts out, the U.S. economy grew at a “miserably low” rate of just 1.6 percent in 2016…In terms of GDP, the fourth quarter was revised up slightly, but there were adjustments for prior quarters, and overall GDP growth for the year 2016 remained at a miserably low 1.6%. We’ve come to call this the “stall speed.” It’s difficult for the US economy to stay aloft at this slow speed. As Q4 gutted any hopes for a strong finish, GDP growth in 2016 matched the worst year since the Great Recession.And corporate profits, despite a stock market that has been surging for years, are even worse. A lot worse. They’ve declined for years. In fact, they declined for years during the prior two stock market bubbles, the dotcom bubble and the pre-Financial-Crisis bubble. Both ended in crashes.Things have continued to get even worse early in 2016.  At this point, it is being projected that U.S. GDP will grow at an annual rate of just 0.9 percent during the first quarter of 2017.So anyone that tries to tell you that the U.S. economy is in good shape is simply not being honest with you.But even though things don’t look great now, they are going to look far, far worse after the biggest debt bubble in human history bursts.For example, what do you think that America will look like after half of all stock market wealth disappears?  In a recent note to his clients, John P. Hussman stated that his team is projecting that by the end of this current market cycle “roughly half of U.S. equity market capitalization – $17 trillion in paper wealth – will simply vanish”.And of course that projection lines up perfectly with what I have been saying for quite a while.  In order for key measures of stock market valuation (such as CAPE, etc.) to return to their long-term averages, stocks are going to have to fall at least 40 to 50 percent from their current levels.As this coming crisis unfolds, other asset classes will experience astounding downturns as well.  This week, Morgan Stanley (one of the too big to fail banks) released a report that said that used car prices “could crash by up to 50%” over the next several years…For months we’ve been talking about the massive lending bubble propping up the U.S. auto market. Now, noting many of the same concerns that we’ve highlighted repeatedly, Morgan Stanley’s auto team, led by Adam Jonas, has just issued a report detailing why they think used car prices could crash by up to 50% over the next 4-5 years.Housing prices are primed for a major plunge as well.  This is especially true on the west coast where tech money and foreign purchasers from Asia have pushed home values up to dizzying levels.  Half a million dollars will be lucky to get you a “starter home” in San Francisco, and it was being reported that one poor techie living there was paying $1400 a month just to live in a closet.  Many believe that some cities on the west coast will be quite fortunate if home values only go down by 50 percent during the coming crash.Everywhere you look there are bubbles.  In a recent piece, Daniel Lang pointed out some more of them…Eric Rosengren, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, recently made a startling tacit admission. We may be in the midst of yet another real estate bubble. Major financial institutions in this country are in possession of over $14 trillion worth of residential real estate loans. That’s well over $40,000 for every man woman and child in America.Low interest rates have fueled a bubble in subprime auto loans, and that bubble appears to be reaching its limits. There are now over 1 million ordinary and subprime auto loans that are delinquent, a number that hasn’t been this high since 2009.There is now well over a trillion dollars worth of student loan debt in this country; much of it owned by low income families. And there’s little hope that these students will ever see a return on their investment. That’s why at least 27% of student loans are in default. While more than one in four students are in default now, that number was one in nine a decade ago. And if current trends continue, there could be $3.3 trillion of student loan debt by the end of the next decade.At some point the imbalances become just too great and the system collapses in upon itself.In other words, we are heading for a massive implosion.And once the implosion happens, people are going to go absolutely nuts.  Anger and frustration are already rising to the boiling point all over the country, and it isn’t going to take much to push millions of Americans completely over the edge.In a recent interview with Greg Hunter, author James Rickards warned that when things get really bad in America we could actually see what he refers to as “money riots”…So, could we be facing a “Mad Max” world if the financial system totally crashes?Rickards says, “In ‘Road to Ruin,’ I talk about what I call the money riots.  There is a lot of reasons for rioting.  When you start shutting banks and the stock exchange and they say you can’t get your money, it’s only temporary, trust us, people will go out and start to burn down banks.  The government is ready for that also with emergency response and martial law. . . . Governments don’t go down without a fight. . . . You can see the shutdown coming because they will try to buy time until they come up with a solution, whether it’s gold, Special Drawing Rights (SDR), guarantees or whatever it might be.  There are only two or three possibilities here, but all of them will take time, and they will have to shut down the system. . . . People will not sit for that.  So, that means people will riot.  They’ll burn down banks.  They will smash windows, but what is the reaction to that?  The answer is martial law, militarized police, actual military units and you get something that looks like fascism pretty quickly.”I very much agree with his assessment.All it is going to take is another major financial crisis and this nation will go completely and utterly insane.Unfortunately, all of our long-term economic problems have proceeded to get a lot worse since the last time around, and so when things fall apart this time we will likely be looking at a scenario that is absolutely unprecedented in American history.A lot of people have become very complacent out there these days, but that is a huge mistake.Just because a crisis is delayed does not mean that it is canceled.  And because our leaders have kept making this economic bubble larger and larger, that just means that the coming crisis will be even more painful than it otherwise could have been. BE SURE TO CHECK THELASTGREATSTAND.COM FOR SURVIVAL GEAR!FREE DETAILED GUIDE TO SURVIVING ECONOMIC COLLAPSE OR MARTIAL LAW HEREIF YOU READ NOTHING ELSE, THE FOLLOWING POSTS ARE ESSENTIAL:Dr. Jim Willie Interview: Top 10 Risks to the U.S. Dollar (Video)Bill Holter: Paper Currencies Approaching Their Real Value: Zero (Video)Bill Holter: Global Economic System Is Going to Resemble Caveman Times SoonPeter Schiff: “Default or Not, U.S. Dollar Is Going to Collapse Either Way” (Video)Jim Rickards Discusses Looming Shut Down of the Entire US Economy (Video)Dr. Jim Willie: Worst Bond Crisis in 15 Years, World Quickly Losing Confidence in US Bill Holter: Between Now and Election Will Be Extremely Dangerous (Video)Dr. Jim Willie: We Are on the Brink of World War; Americans Totally Clueless - Pt. 1Dr. Jim Willie: We Are on the Brink of World War; Americans Totally Clueless - Pt. 2Bill Holter: Newly Solidified Chinese Superpower Will Replace Dead U.S. Dollar (Interview)Peter Schiff: Don’t Believe the Hype! The Real Economic Fallout From Brexit (Video)How Will the U.S. Conduct Trade With Worthless U.S. Dollars and No Gold? (Video)Why Did Illuminated George Soros Liquidate 37% of His Stock to Buy Gold? (Video)FOR MORE LINKS ON MARTIAL LAW:Reports of Active U.S. Military Drilling for “Authoritarian Rule of Law” (Martial Law)U.N. Soldier Says They Will Soon Occupy America: “Going Door-to-Door Taking Guns…” 1,500 Pages of New Documents That Reveal U.S. Government’s Martial Law Agenda (Video) Mainstream Media Blasts Alternative News Personality on FEMA Camps (Videos)Ron Paul: Undeniable Proof Martial Law Is Coming Because of the Economy (Video)Virginia Police and Homeland Security Doing Exercises for Marital Law Conditions (Video)Latest News on Government’s Preparing For Civil War or Martial Law (Videos)Martial Law Convoys Sent to Baton Rouge, Dallas, and St. Paul Before Shootings (Videos)Pentagon Approves U.N. Use Of Force Against American Civilians (Video)What Is the U.S. Government Endlessly Preparing For (Videos)Patriot Films Shocking New Video of a FEMA Camp Recently Discovered in TexasMajor Update to Military Movement and Actual Documentation of Their Plans (Video)United Nations Troops on U.S. Soil Prepared to Assist With Martial Law? (Videos)Obama Has Prepared FEMA for All Four Storms… Are You Prepared?13 States Obama Is Using for His Nefarious Secret Agenda (Video)Obama: Be Ready For EMP Attacks, Engineered Pandemics, Earthquakes, and Martial LawHow Likely is Martial Law in the US, and What Happens Under Martial Law Law Enforcement Preparing For Rioting on National Scale (Videos)All Armed Americans To Be Detained In FEMA Camps Starting In 2017? (Video)Beware of Martial Law: Obama Will Confiscate Firearms Of All 50 States in 2016Army Not Prepping for Battle; Training For Riot Control and Martial LawPentagon Says Preparing For Huge Civil Unrest in U.S. (Videos)Political Dissidents Homes Being Marked By FEMA Prior to Martial Law?Government “Threat List:” 8 Million People To Be Detained Immediately  SUBSCRIBE TO  THE TOP STORIES OF THE WEEK IN THE NEWSLETTER HEREFACEBOOK | GOOGLE+ | TWITTER | PINTEREST | STUMBLE UPON | TUMBLRFREE GUIDE TO ECONOMIC COLLAPSE OR MARTIAL LAW…AT THE OFFICIAL BLOG SITE BELOW!WWW.THELASTGREATSTAND.COMFACEBOOK | GOOGLE+ | TWITTER | PINTEREST | STUMBLE UPON | TUMBLER








Former marine Angelo John Gage tears a strip off of Tump about how he is being duped by the Deep State to go to war in Syria!This extremely well done video is being featured by both Infowars and WikileaksWe all need to be repenting of our sins and praying for God’s mercy and grace right now. Please read the Lord’s recent messages about prayer that He has given to prophet Glynda Lomax for the last three days in a row. Please also pray right now that He causes Trump to find this video! Also please pray for the talks between Xi and Trump to be fruitful!

















First, there was the denial about Trump’s communications being monitored. And now, there’s the second denial, this time involving former national security advisor to Obama, Susan Rice. There’s clear evidence that she had used our national intelligence apparatus to produce detailed spreadsheets of legal phone calls between Trump and his aides during the campaign.In the following video, Right Wing News how Obama administration brazenly and illegally misappropriated our national intelligence apparatus for political purposes. One former NSC director has said that this is a felony which could and should land her 10 years in prison. Another former director calls it a ‘potential constitutional crisis’ that national intelligence assets were used for politics. And the question we all should be asking Mrs. Rice is – Where’s the warrant?SUBSCRIBE TO THE TOP STORIES OF THE WEEK IN THE NEWSLETTER HEREWWW.THELASTGREATSTAND.COMYoung Conservatives report:Democrats are going to have difficulty trying to explain Susan Rice’s actions involving intelligence on the Trump team.They apparently wouldn’t be able to argue it didn’t happen.Why?Because the NSC has logs of of every time she looked at the information.From Washington Examiner:The National Security Council has uncovered computer logs that detail the instances former national security adviser Susan Rice requested and viewed records that included President Trump and his campaign staffers’ names in intelligence reports from July through January, according to a report published Monday.DO NOT MISS: Paging Barack Obama: The Grey Bar Hotel Is Calling (Video)Hence, the reason now that some are trying to justify her actions as ‘normal’ despite the fact that she denied even knowing about any of it.Yup, perfectly normal for her/Obama administration to be unmasking names and spying on Trump and even his family members for at least a year.But there is more, and if this report is true, she is in deep trouble.From Daily Caller:Former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice ordered U.S. spy agencies to produce “detailed spreadsheets” of legal phone calls involving Donald Trump and his aides when he was running for president, according to former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova.DO NOT MISS: Whistleblower: NSA Targeted Congress, Supreme Court, and Trump “What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,” diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday.MARCH 22nd:Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice had tough words in The Washington Post for President Trump and his administration on Wednesday, warning about the “profound dangers” of making false statements. In her first interview since leaving the White House, Rice joins Judy Woodruff to discuss the importance of U.S. credibility, as well as the intelligence probe into Russian interference.INSTAGRAM | FACEBOOK | GOOGLE+ | TWITTER | PINTEREST | STUMBLE UPON | TUMBLRWWW.THELASTGREATSTAND.COMFOR MORE NEWS BY VOICE OF REASON CLICK HERE!WHERE WAS THE WARRANT?Michael Doran, former NSC senior director, said there “was a stream of information that was supposed to be hermetically sealed from politics” but that somehow the Obama administration “found a way to blow a hole in that wall.”Doran charged that potential serious crimes were undertaken because “this is a leaking of signal intelligence.”“That’s a felony,” he told TheDCNF. “And you can get 10 years for that. It is a tremendous abuse of the system. We’re not supposed to be monitoring American citizens. Bigger than the crime, is the breach of public trust.”DO NOT MISS: Whistleblower Has Proof Obama Spied on 156 Judges and BusinessmenCol. (Ret.) James Waurishuk, who is an NSC veteran and former deputy director for intelligence at the U.S. Central Command was upset with how intelligence had apparently been used for political reasons.Waurishuk said he was most dismayed that “this is now using national intelligence assets and capabilities to spy on the elected, yet-to-be-seated president.”“We’re looking at a potential constitutional crisis from the standpoint that we used an extremely strong capability that’s supposed to be used to safeguard and protect the country,” he said. “And we used it for political purposes by a sitting president. That takes on a new precedent.”The logs are bad enough if they show a pattern of behavior over the course of a year, but if the spreadsheet report is correct, she may indeed be finally cooked.Sounds like the smoking gun…DO NOT MISS: NSA Whistleblower Releases Documents Proving Trump Surveillance DIFFERENT STORY ON APRIL 4th… SUBSCRIBE TO THE TOP STORIES OF THE WEEK IN THE NEWSLETTER HEREFACEBOOK | GOOGLE+ | TWITTER | PINTEREST | STUMBLE UPON | TUMBLERWWW.THELASTGREATSTAND.COMFOR MORE ON TRUMPGATE:Trump Asks Why Intelligence Committee Isn’t Probing The Clintons (Video)NSA Whistleblower Releases Documents Proving Trump Surveillance (Video)Trump Delivered Documented Evidence of Obama Wiretaps to House Panel (Video)Obama Wiretapping Bombshell Drops; This is as Serious as it Gets (Video)Trump Wiretapping Mystery Solved (Video)Obama Secret Service Agent on Wiretaps: ‘It’s Going to Blow Wide-Open’ (Video)“Wiretapping” Evidence Against Barack Obama is Overwhelming! (Video)We Are Not Ok; What Is to be Done? (Video)It’s Showtime – Trump vs. Obama (Video)FOR MORE ON THE “DEEP STATE” CRISIS:The Billion Dollar Spy Agency You’ve Never Heard Of (Video)Whistleblower Has Proof Obama Spied on 156 Judges and Businessmen (Video)Yes, Your Appliances Can Spy on You (Video)NSA Whistleblower Releases Documents Proving Trump Surveillance (Video)Laptop “Stolen” Containing Secret Trump Evacuation and Clinton Email Probe (Video)FBI’s Deputy Director and FBI Brass Conspire to Wage Coup Against Trump (Video)Deep State’s Obamanation Desperately Resists Trump’s Wrecking Ball (Video)FBI Insider Resurfaces; Offers Chilling Update on US Government Purge (Video)Updated: Interview with a Former NSA Deep State Operative About Today’s Events (Video)Is an American Coup d’etat in Progress? (Video)Will We See an “American Spring” 2017? We Better… (Video)Trump Must Execute the Nuclear Option—There’s No Other Way (Video)Tensions Are Heating Up Fast Between the “Deep State” and Trump (Video)What Exactly Is the “Deep State” People Are Talking About? (Video)FOR MORE ON OBAMA’S SHADOW GOVERNMENT:FBI’s Deputy Director and FBI Brass Conspire to Wage Coup Against Trump (Video)Congress Urged To Investigate Obama’s Silent Coup Against Trump (Video)Obama Should Be Facing 20 Years Behind Bars; Trump Does Absolutely NothingObama Is Officially the White House Turd That Refuses to Flush (Video)Democrat Leaders Turn On Obama and His Secret Shadow GovernmentObama’s Domestic Terrorism Manual Vows To Overthrow TrumpStill Think Obama’s “Shadow Government” is “Conspiracy Theory?” (VIDEO)Obama Is Commanding an Army of 30,000 Sycophants to Attack Trump (Video)Congress Moves to Stop Obama’s Coup Attempt Against Trump (Video)  SUBSCRIBE TO  THE TOP STORIES OF THE WEEK IN THE NEWSLETTER HEREFACEBOOK | GOOGLE+ | TWITTER | PINTEREST | STUMBLE UPON | TUMBLRFREE GUIDE TO ECONOMIC COLLAPSE OR MARTIAL LAW…AT THE OFFICIAL BLOG SITE BELOW!WWW.THELASTGREATSTAND.COMFACEBOOK | GOOGLE+ | TWITTER | PINTEREST | STUMBLE UPON | TUMBLER








The Real Deep StateIn this exciting part 2 episode on Deep Politics, Dark Journalist, Daniel Liszt’s interview former Canadian diplomat, UC Berkeley professor and author, Peter Dale Scott. Scott coined the term “Deep State” and has been writing about it for 50 years. His works include ‘Deep Politics and the Death of JFK’, ‘The Road to 9/11’ and ‘American War Machine’. His latest book, ‘The American Deep State’ studies the unelected, unaccountable, shadow government of the US.Professor Scott explains how the Mainstream Media is conducting a disinformation campaign to try to minimize his concept of the Deep State by characterizing it as a ‘conspiracy’ and denying his in-depth research on what he has described as a covert political system. According to Scott this system exists as a coalescence of interests that include private contractors for US intelligence agencies, media conglomerates, Wall Street forces and Big Oil funding, which work together to manufacture “Deep Events”, such as 9/11, the JFK assassination and their subsequent coverups, for motives of profit and control.The Deep State and President TrumpThe Deep State has looked at Trump with a weary eye since he becomes the Republican Nominee and have fought both his upset election and his smooth transition to the Presidency. This concerted effort has included unsubstantiated leaks about Trump’s personal life and conduct, damaging information about his high profile aides, and the concoction of bizarre narrative picked up by the media that President Trump is somehow in ‘collusion’ with Russia and its leader President Putin, even though they have provided zero evidence to support the wild accusation.The CIA & Cold War IIProfessor Scott opines that the real reason behind the Deep State’s efforts to bring down the Trump Administration may have to do with their deep desire, which became visible during the Obama Administration, to heat up a new Cold War II to ramp up some profits for the War Machine. He describes a program developed under Obama to ‘modernize’ America’s Nuclear Forces to the tune of One Trillion Dollars. This type of inflated budget will have a hard time being allocated without a Nuclear enemy in sight so these covert forces are busy developing an entire anti-Russia campaign with help from the media. He sees it as a dangerous game and makes the observation that since the time that President Kennedy resolved the Cuban Missile Crisis peacefully, there have been forces inside the Deep State that are willing to recklessly bring the world to the brink of Nuclear War!Strange Patterns in Deep Events 9/11 and the JFK AssassinationIn Professor Scott’s terminology, a ‘Deep Event’ like 9/11 is sometimes initiated by the Deep State to make a dramatic impact on public and foreign policy. Strange movements and price fluctuations of stocks and financial concerns prior to Deep Events like 9/11 and the JFK Assassination suggest foreknowledge by powerful covert groups of the impending historical tragedies to come. These patterns suggest that the hidden groups are interested in making a huge profit while initiating foreign wars and changing the very face of American society with an agenda that has not been voted upon or debated in any public forum.The major changes put in place after 9/11 have given us warrantless detention and a state of emergency that has been renewed under every president since George W. Bush. This state of emergency puts an army division on American soil for the first time under Joint Special Operations Command to quell domestic unrest should it arise. This subverts the laws relating to Posse Comitatus in the United States that explicitly state that federal personnel shall not be used to enforce domestic policies. Professor Scott sees this as a great breach of Constitutional Authority and believes that a campaign should be waged that removes the State of Emergency now in place.Compelling, fascinating, informative and shocking, you don’t want to miss this powerful Dark Journalist episode!Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








by: Mike Adams(Natural News) Independent media pioneer SGTReport.com is now the latest victim of the Google / YouTube “demonetization” censorship attack that’s explicitly targeting alternative media.“You Tube is changing the rules of the game, it’s not longer a level playing field. Not only are they flagging more and more videos as ‘not advertiser friendly’, for the past few days they have turned off ALL of the advertising on my videos,” writes  SGT Report. “They want to kill my channel and they want me to go away. I need your help.”SGT Report, along with many other independent media outlets, is now asking for Patreon donations as Google / YouTube demonetizes their videos, forcing them to look for alternative sources of operating revenue. But here’s the thing: SGT Report isn’t a Jiahid recruitment hub. They don’t promote terrorism. They simply have an independent point of view on politics and current events. For this reason alone, Google has demonetized them by labeling their videos “extreme.”Under fire for making money off “extremist” videos featuring Jihadi terror tactics, Google has used the issue to deliberately conflate the term “extremist” to block revenues from videos that merely offer an independent point of view on current events.In effect, Google has now decided that any website which supports President Trump is “extremist” and must be demonetized, censored or outright banned from its search results. To the Left-leaning tech giants, you see, any content that isn’t “progressive” is automatically considered “extremist,” even though advertisers who are horrified over Jihadi video content are often thrilled about supporting independent media.This may explain why GoodGopher.com, the independent search engine that indexes independent media, is becoming increasingly popular. Good Gopher indexes thousands of “alternative media” websites while protecting the privacy of users with no search term tracking of users.As part of an investigation into Google censorship, Natural News has spoken with several other independent media publishers and has confirmed they are all being targeted by Google / YouTube with demonetization censorship.One independent publisher which did not want to be named — they are afraid Google will further punish them for speaking out against censorship — told Natural News their revenues have plummeted 80% since YouTube began its recent demonetization sweep.All News Pipeline, a popular “current events analyst” site that warns readers about the coming financial collapse, details the war on the independent media in this article that decries the fake “fake news” label being used to silence independent journalism. ANP has also been targeted with censorship efforts from Google and YouTube, and the site relies on revenues from advertising storable food (Food For Liberty) and other preparedness items.Another independent publisher and pioneer in citizen journalism, Truth Stream Media, is turning to Amazon affiliate links to help boost its revenues. Yet even this is nothing but a stopgap measure, as TSM’s founders fully realize that Amazon is owned and operated by globalist Jeff Bezos, whose products (Echo, Kindle, Alexa) surveil customers in their own homes. Bezos is also owner of the Washington Post, a fake news publisher that deliberately and repeatedly fabricates fake news to smear the Trump administration. TSM is no doubt seeking better revenue sources that don’t enrich globalist organizations like Amazon.Natural News remains unaffected by the Google demonetization efforts, as we stopped publishing Adsense ads several years ago and never monetized YouTube videos. We also removed Google analytics code from our websites several years ago so that Google could not spy on our readers. A few weeks ago, Google blacklisted the entire Natural News website, removing 140,000+ pages from its index, based entirely on a fabricated technical excuse. After six days of punishment by Google, Natural News content was restored without explanation. This was clearly a “warning” from Google that if we don’t stop growing and reporting the truth, we will be silenced by any means necessary. (Google, Facebook, Twitter and Yahoo have all essentially declared a “war on truth” in order to silence voices they can’t control.) You can support Natural News, if you wish, by shopping for lab-verified organic superfood and household products at the Health Ranger Store.To accomplish the demonetization effort, YouTube’s servers use voice recognition technology to scan the audio of each video, translating audio into text transcripts. That text is then algorithmically compared to a manually chosen list of keywords and phrases that Google’s Left-leaning “social justice engineers” have decided are “extreme.”Instead of merely focusing on terror-related keywords like “Jihad” or “bomb-making,” Google has added keywords likely to flag independent, pro-America media outlets and Donald Trump supporters. Those keywords appear to include “patriot” or “storable food” or even “AR-15.” Other keywords are being flagged by the system in an effort to protect the monopoly profits of the pharmaceutical industry, which explains why terms such as “vaccines” and “mercury” are also being flagged by YouTube for demonetization censorship. (Yes, Google now censors discussions of science and medicine if the opinions of the scientists don’t conform to the corrupt medical establishment.)No doubt, Google will soon add words related to “climate change denialism” to its list so that any person who speaks words critical of the climate change hoax will also be financially punished and run out of business. At the same time, words of intolerance and hatred toward white people are openly allowed. Words that call for violence against Donald Trump are richly rewarded, and attacks on Christian religion seem to be applauded by tech giants like Google and Facebook. The Left, you see, is writhing with hatred and intolerance toward anyone who doesn’t immediately agree with them. This is deemed “tolerance” by the intolerant Left.See my related article: HATRED is tolerance; conformity is diversity; consensus is fact.As published on GovtSlaves.info, another independent media site likely to be targeted by Google, these censorship algorithms have brought an “Orwellian” brand of censorship and oppression to the web:The chief executive of News Corp, parent company of The Sun and Times Newspapers, has warned that digital algorithms at Facebook and Google have “left us perched on the edge of the slippery slope of censorship”… Thomson said: “The word Orwellian is flagrantly used and abused. But when it comes to the all-powerful algorithms of Google, Amazon and Facebook, otherwise known as GAF, Orwellian is unused. The institutional neglect has now left us perched on the edge of the slippery slope of censorship.”The upshot of all this is that Google has gone full Orwellian and is using the crisis of Jihadi video revenues to unleash a punitive demonetization scheme that’s intended to bankrupt anti-establishment voices. Like all Left-leaning technology companies, Google hates Christians but celebrates Islam. Google despises Trump supporters but celebrates Hillary Clinton, one of the most corrupt criminal minds in the history of U.S. politics. Google loves transgenders but hates straight white people. The list goes on…Now, Google is translating its twisted political biases into censorship algorithms in order to silence the voices it doesn’t like by denying them revenues. This is clearly deliberate and intended to exert a kind of Orwellian thought control over the entire population by forcing content creators to make a choice: You can either go along with the Google progressive delusions and be richly rewarded, or you can exercise independent views and be bankrupted.Through this scheme, Google doesn’t even have to overtly block videos that espouse conservative or libertarian views… it can simply demonetize them and let the reality of revenue loss achieve censorship on its own. No one can produce content for free, after all. Sooner or later, you run out of money to fund yourself.If Google gets it way, we are soon going to wake up and find ourselves living in a society where conformity is mandated, and non-conformity means financial devastation. Few publishers of original, independent-minded content can survive in an environment where the tech giants all conspire to silence the independent media through revenue demonetization. This only leads to a society rooted in conformist delusion, where obedience is demanded, independent thinking is punished, and free enterprise isn’t free unless you agree to censor your own thoughts, ideas and words to appease the totalitarian tech giants.In effect, Google is now mandating what can only be called “Liberal Fundamentalism” or a sort of “Jihad of the Left.” In other words, Google is now becoming the very kind of extremist organization they claim to be censoring. They are at war with the truth, and they are happy to unleash any form of online weapon to achieve their fundamentalist goals of total liberal domination.See The Civil War is Here by Daniel Greenfield for a more detailed analysis of this “Jihad of the Left” and why it’s such a danger to society.Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information. Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more








It should come as no surprise that a guy from New York City, who has run a major global real estate development business, knows more than a few well-placed bankers.And when that guy becomes president of the United States, it’s his chance to give them their due.Now, before you get your hackles up, this isn’t a Trump-bashing piece. All presidents come to Washington and end up helping their state’s businesses. Reagan’s defense and anti-ballistic missile defense system build up helped many of the aerospace companies and computer firms in his home state of California.Clinton helped make Tyson Foods one of the biggest chicken producers in the world. And Wal-mart was also a big beneficiary of Clinton largesse.So it comes as no surprise that Wall Street has unpacked its bags on Pennsylvania Avenue. Like the former CIO of Goldman Sachs as Treasury secretary.Lose the middlemenStill in denial about the bankers having a heyday in D.C. as well as NYC?Here are the six-month returns of some of the top banksters that ushered in the financial crisis and were bailed out by you and me:These big banks have outperformed the broad market three to five fold since the election. And it’s no coincidence.But this isn’t about morality. It’s about business. Actually, I’m kind of glad we’ve gotten rid of some of the ossified political hacks that were the middlemen for their corporate overlords and now we’re dealing directly with the overlords. At least it’s a change of pace.Investing is about performance. It’s about understanding what’s happening, regardless of your politics or desires and objectively observing what is going on. And then finding the opportunity there.That’s what I’m doing here.Do I like the debt-driven culture these banks have promoted? No.Are they a buying opportunity? Yes. But I think there is a better place to go with your investment dollars in this sector.Regional banks.Why regional banks?Because now that the banks are on their feet again and regulations will be in limbo for years to come, they have the chance to start blowing up the next big bubble. And I’m guessing that will be consolidating all the healthy, conservative regional and local banks.You see, the smaller banks weren’t the ones that caused the financial meltdown. They weren’t the ones lending to credit risks on one side of the trade while bundling those risks, selling them off and then shorting them on the other.Regional banks lend to local businesses, homeowners and individuals. They don’t have an arbitrage desk or a trading division. They make money the old way — pennies on the dollar, over and over again.For the “banksters,” as Bob Livingston calls them, they represent piggy banks full of responsible cash that will help their balance sheets (and stocks). It will also help the big boys leverage those assets into more trading money for their institutional side.Remember, the big banks cut their trading operations significantly once the bottom fell out of the global economy. But those days are gone and it’s back to business as usual, better business than usual.This is also a great opportunity to consolidate the banking landscape. If they gobble up enough smaller players around the country, they also rebuild their Too Big To Fail size while also becoming major players in small towns and big cities across America.Think about it like the auto industry. Here is a list of the defunct car companies in the U.S. that have been culled into the Big Three.Top targetsBefore I get to my investment picks, I want to say that the biggest statement you can make against the banksters is to move your business to smaller banks. I stopped using big banks decades ago and I have never felt cheated at keeping them as far away from my money as possible.Two other attractive qualities to regional bank stocks:Without further ado, four solid stocks to look at are, BB&T, Fifth Third Bancorp, U.S. Bancorp and Burke & Herbert Bank and Trust.All these are rock-solid regional banks that will prosper on their own or profit handsomely from any takeover.— GS EarlyThe post The banksters are back appeared first on Personal Liberty®.








“The rights of some individuals and businesses were compromised,” the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGA) said of a bungled Internal Revenue Service effort to “dismantle criminal enterprises.”Citing regulations under the Bank Secrecy Act, which requires reporting of bank transactions in excess of $10,000, IRS agents seized $17.1 million from Americans they believed were involved in criminal activity.Just one problem…According to a recent report from TIGA, agents were wrong 91 percent of the time based on investigations of 278 of the seizures conducted by the watchdog.“Most people impacted by the program did not appear to be criminal enterprises engaged in other alleged illegal activity,” TIGTA said in a statement. “The report also concludes that the rights of some individuals and businesses were compromised in these investigations.”Agents, it turns out, were simply seizing the funds of individuals they suspected of “structuring” deposits in amounts less than $10,000 without bothering to conduct proper investigations.“In most instances, interviews with the property owners were conducted after the seizure to determine the reason for the pattern of banking transactions and if the property owner had knowledge of the banking law and had intent to structure,” the report said.Individuals and businesses affected by the overreach often faced major financial difficulty as a result of the government ineptitude.On top of that, they were forced to work with often unhelpful IRS officials in efforts to retrieve the wrongfully seized money.“When property owners were interviewed after the seizure, agents did not always identify themselves properly, did not explain the purpose of the interviews, did not advise property owners of any rights they might have, and told property owners they had committed a crime at the conclusion of the interviews,” TIGA reported.The Institute for Justice, in a 2015 report, provided a prime example of how the IRS abuses negatively affected the agency’s targets:Lyndon McLellan runs a convenience store in Fairmont, N.C., and has done so without incident for more than a decade. All that changed in 2014, when the Internal Revenue Service used civil forfeiture to seize McLellan’s entire $107,000 bank account. He did not stand accused of selling drugs or even of cheating on his taxes; in fact, he was not charged with any crime at all. Rather, the IRS claimed that he had been “structuring” his deposits — that is, breaking them into amounts of less than $10,000 to evade federal reporting requirements for large transactions. McLellan, like most people, did not even know what “structuring” was, let alone that it was illegal. His niece, who handles the deposits, had been advised by a bank teller that smaller deposits meant less paperwork for the bank, so she kept deposits small.The government finally returned McLellan’s funds after a legal battle and public outcry, but the small-business owner was still forced to wait nearly two years before the government compensated the thousands he spent battling the wrongful seizure in court.The post IRS wrongfully seized millions of dollars from innocent Americans appeared first on Personal Liberty®.








Many Americans tend to regard their pension funds as ‘untouchable’ and are counting on it to support them through their retirement years. This is a mistake, because American pension funds are a ticking time bomb that could collapse any moment. Nearly all of them are woefully underfunded, to the tune of $1.9 trillion, compared to $292 billion in 2007. That’s a more than fivefold increase in just 10 years.In the following video, Right Wing News looks at the dismal state of pensions in the United States and asks, just how much longer can this continue? Already cracks are showing, as seen in the case of the Dallas Police and Fire Pension system. By the way, that $1.9 trillion in unfunded liabilities? Those are using highly optimistic assumed rates of return, if something a bit closer to Treasury yields were used, that figure would be closer to $6.0 trillion. Plus, given how exposed pension funds are to the stock market, when the market corrects itself, which is already happening, we may witness a mass implosion of pension funds all around the nation.SUBSCRIBE TO THE TOP STORIES OF THE WEEK IN THE NEWSLETTER HERESIGN UP FOR THE AMERICAN INTELLIGENCE NEWSLETTER ATAim4Truth.orgWWW.THELASTGREATSTAND.COMMichael Snyder writes:Are millions of Americans about to see the big, juicy pensions that they were counting on to fund their golden years go up in flames in the biggest financial disaster in U.S. history? When Bloomberg published an editorial entitled “Pension Crisis Too Big for Markets to Ignore“, it simply confirmed what a lot of people already knew to be true.  Pension funds all over America are woefully underfunded, and they have been pouring mind boggling amounts of money into very risky investments such as Internet stocks and commercial mortgages.  Just like with subprime mortgages in 2008, this is a crisis that everyone can see coming well in advance, and yet nothing is being done about it.DO NOT MISS: Trump Facing a Looming Government Shutdown He May Not Be Able To Stop (Video)On a day to day basis, Americans generally don’t think very much about pensions.  Most of those that have been promised pensions simply have faith that they will be there when they need them.Unfortunately, the truth is that pension plans all over the country are severely underfunded, and this has already resulted in local fiascos such as the one that we just witnessed in Dallas.But what happened in Dallas is just the very small tip of a very large iceberg.  According to Bloomberg, unfunded pension obligations on a national basis “have risen to $1.9 trillion from $292 billion since 2007″…As was the case with the subprime crisis, the writing appears to be on the wall. And yet calamity has yet to strike. How so? Call it the triumvirate of conspirators – the actuaries, accountants and their accomplices in office. Throw in the law of big numbers, very big numbers, and you get to a disaster in a seemingly permanent state of making. Unfunded pension obligations have risen to $1.9 trillion from $292 billion since 2007.And of course that $1.9 trillion number is not actually the real number.That same Bloomberg article goes on to admit that if honest math was being used that the real number would actually be closer to 6 trillion dollars…So why not just flip the switch and require truth and honesty in public pension math? Too many cities and potentially states would buckle under the weight of more realistic assumed rates of return. By some estimates, unfunded liabilities would triple to upwards of $6 trillion if the prevailing yields on Treasuries were used. That would translate into much steeper funding requirements at a time when budgets are already severely constrained. Pockets of the country would face essential public service budgets being slashed to dangerous levels.So where are all of these pensions eventually going to come up with 6 trillion dollarsThat is a very good question.Ultimately, even if financial conditions stay as stable as they are right now, a whole lot of people are not going to get the money that they were promised.DO NOT MISS: Dr. Jim Willie: Top 10 Risks to the U.S. Dollar (Interview)But things will get really “interesting” if we see a major downturn in the financial markets.  According to Dave Kranzler, if the stock market were to fall by 10 percent or more and stay there for a number of months, that “would cause every single public pension fund to blow up”.  And Kranzler is also deeply concerned about the tremendous amount of exposure that these pension funds have to commercial mortgages…Circling back to the mall/REIT ticking time-bomb, while the Fed can keep the stock market propped up as means of preventing an immediate nuclear melt-down in U.S. pensions (all of which are substantially “maxed-out” in their mandated equities allocation), the collapse of commercial mortgage-back securities (CMBS) will have the affect of launching a nuclear sub-missile directly into the side of the U.S. financial system.DO NOT MISS: Peter Schiff: “Default or Not, U.S. Dollar Is Going to Collapse Either Way” The commercial mortgage market is about $3 trillion, of which about $1 trillion has been packaged into asset-backed securities and stuffed into yield-starved pension funds. Without a doubt, the same degree of fraud of has been used to concoct the various tranches in these CMBS trusts that was employed during the mid-2000’s mortgage/housing bubble, with full cooperation of the ratings agencies then and now. Just like in 2008, with the derivatives that have been layered into the mix, the embedded leverage in the commercial mortgage/CMBS/REIT model is the financial equivalent of the Fukushima nuclear power plant collapse.I have previously talked about the ongoing retail apocalypse in the United States which threatens to make so many of these commercial mortgage securities go bad.  It is being projected that somewhere around 3,500 stores will close in the months ahead, and this is going to absolutely devastate mall owners.  In turn, it is inevitable that a lot of their debts will start to go bad, and pension funds will be hit extremely hard by this.DO NOT MISS: Economic Recovery? No, Get Ready For the Retail Apocalypse (Video)But the coming stock market crash is going to hit pension funds even harder.  Stocks are ridiculously overvalued right now, and if they simply return to “normal valuations”, pension funds are going to lose trillions of dollars.We are talking about a financial tsunami that will be absolutely unprecedented in our history, and yet investors continue to act like the party can last forever.  In fact, we just learned that margin debt on Wall Street has just hit another brand new record high…The latest data from the New York Stock Exchange show margin debt, or cash borrowed to buy shares, hit a record $528.2 billion in February, up from its prior high of $513.3 billion in January.Of course my regular readers already know that margin debt also shot up to dramatic peaks just before the last two stock market crashes as well…Prior periods when margin debt hit records occurred around stock market peaks, including 2000 when the dot-com stock boom went bust, and 2007 when stocks began to crater amid early signs of trouble in the housing market ahead of the 2008 financial crisis.DO NOT MISS: Bill Holter: Paper Currencies Approaching Their Real Value: Zero Margin debt jumped 22% from the end of 1999 before peaking in March 2000 at $278.5 billion, the same month stocks peaked. In 2007, margin debt shot up to $381.4 billion in July, three months before stocks topped.We are perfectly primed for the greatest financial disaster in American history, and yet very few people are sounding the alarm.This massive financial bubble is a ticking time bomb, and when it finally goes off it is going to wipe out virtually every pension fund in the United States.BE SURE TO CHECK THELASTGREATSTAND.COM FOR SURVIVAL GEAR!FREE DETAILED GUIDE TO SURVIVING ECONOMIC COLLAPSE OR MARTIAL LAW HEREIF YOU READ NOTHING ELSE, THE FOLLOWING POSTS ARE ESSENTIAL:Dr. Jim Willie Interview: Top 10 Risks to the U.S. Dollar (Video)Bill Holter: Paper Currencies Approaching Their Real Value: Zero (Video)Bill Holter: Global Economic System Is Going to Resemble Caveman Times SoonPeter Schiff: “Default or Not, U.S. Dollar Is Going to Collapse Either Way” (Video)Jim Rickards Discusses Looming Shut Down of the Entire US Economy (Video)Dr. Jim Willie: Worst Bond Crisis in 15 Years, World Quickly Losing Confidence in US Bill Holter: Between Now and Election Will Be Extremely Dangerous (Video)Dr. Jim Willie: We Are on the Brink of World War; Americans Totally Clueless - Pt. 1Dr. Jim Willie: We Are on the Brink of World War; Americans Totally Clueless - Pt. 2Bill Holter: Newly Solidified Chinese Superpower Will Replace Dead U.S. Dollar (Interview)Peter Schiff: Don’t Believe the Hype! The Real Economic Fallout From Brexit (Video)How Will the U.S. Conduct Trade With Worthless U.S. Dollars and No Gold? (Video)Why Did Illuminated George Soros Liquidate 37% of His Stock to Buy Gold? (Video)FOR MORE LINKS ON MARTIAL LAW:Reports of Active U.S. Military Drilling for “Authoritarian Rule of Law” (Martial Law)U.N. Soldier Says They Will Soon Occupy America: “Going Door-to-Door Taking Guns…” 1,500 Pages of New Documents That Reveal U.S. Government’s Martial Law Agenda (Video) Mainstream Media Blasts Alternative News Personality on FEMA Camps (Videos)Ron Paul: Undeniable Proof Martial Law Is Coming Because of the Economy (Video)Virginia Police and Homeland Security Doing Exercises for Marital Law Conditions (Video)Latest News on Government’s Preparing For Civil War or Martial Law (Videos)Martial Law Convoys Sent to Baton Rouge, Dallas, and St. Paul Before Shootings (Videos)Pentagon Approves U.N. Use Of Force Against American Civilians (Video)What Is the U.S. Government Endlessly Preparing For (Videos)Patriot Films Shocking New Video of a FEMA Camp Recently Discovered in TexasMajor Update to Military Movement and Actual Documentation of Their Plans (Video)United Nations Troops on U.S. Soil Prepared to Assist With Martial Law? (Videos)Obama Has Prepared FEMA for All Four Storms… Are You Prepared?13 States Obama Is Using for His Nefarious Secret Agenda (Video)Obama: Be Ready For EMP Attacks, Engineered Pandemics, Earthquakes, and Martial LawHow Likely is Martial Law in the US, and What Happens Under Martial Law Law Enforcement Preparing For Rioting on National Scale (Videos)All Armed Americans To Be Detained In FEMA Camps Starting In 2017? (Video)Beware of Martial Law: Obama Will Confiscate Firearms Of All 50 States in 2016Army Not Prepping for Battle; Training For Riot Control and Martial LawPentagon Says Preparing For Huge Civil Unrest in U.S. (Videos)Political Dissidents Homes Being Marked By FEMA Prior to Martial Law?Government “Threat List:” 8 Million People To Be Detained Immediately  SUBSCRIBE TO  THE TOP STORIES OF THE WEEK IN THE NEWSLETTER HEREFACEBOOK | GOOGLE+ | TWITTER | PINTEREST | STUMBLE UPON | TUMBLRFREE GUIDE TO ECONOMIC COLLAPSE OR MARTIAL LAW…AT THE OFFICIAL BLOG SITE BELOW!WWW.THELASTGREATSTAND.COMFACEBOOK | GOOGLE+ | TWITTER | PINTEREST | STUMBLE UPON | TUMBLER








Ever since his forced resignation in disgrace, Dan Rather has continued on a downward spiral. His career, such as it is, has been kept alive by appearances on the Rachel Maddow show on MSNBC, where he takes potshots at his former employer and President Donald Trump. It is a sad spectacle.Rather has now suffered another major embarrassment. The former anchorman of the CBS Evening News has been accused by a website devoted to exposing military corruption of falsely claiming to have been a member of the U.S. Marine Corps.The editor-in-chief of the website www.MilitaryCorruption.com, retired U.S. Army Major Glenn MacDonald, says he stumbled across a published photo of Rather in a dress blue Marine Corps uniform in his book Rather Outspoken and decided to investigate the claim. The photo caption, “as a young Marine,” clearly indicates Rather had been a member in good standing of the Marine Corps.But the truth, MacDonald says, is that Rather left the Marines before completing boot camp and the photo was obtained under questionable circumstances.It has been known for years that Rather was discharged before he finished basic training. Those facts were established by investigator B.J. Burkett in his book Stolen Valor.MilitaryCorruption.com took the story one important step further.“In our exclusive story, we interviewed a senior retired Marine noncommissioned officer who was in around the same time as Rather claimed to have been in the Marines,” MacDonald said. “He told us the photo in question probably was the result of a policy the Corps had then of putting a blue blouse (from dress uniform) and ‘white cover’ (the saucer cap) on each ‘boot’ several weeks into their training to make sure the Marines had head shots of members of each training cycle to use for the Marine yearbook each successful Jarhead received at completion of USMC boot camp.”That is the photo that Rather somehow obtained to use in his book so he could claim to be a “young Marine.”“Dan Rather has written several biographical books over the past 40 years, but this was the first time the Texan climbed out on a limb and portrayed himself in print as a onetime member of the Corps,” reported MilitaryCorruption.com “It was a risky move, as Dan knows he didn’t graduate from boot camp.”MacDonald said the photo used by Rather in his book was Marine Corps property, not his to use for self-promotion. So how did Rather get his hands on his photo, especially when he failed to graduate back in 1954?We left questions about this with Rather’s new website, www.newsandgutsmedia.com, but have not received a response.MacDonald tells AIM that the story has to be set straight for the sake of all of those who did serve. “I remembered all the Marines I had known over the years, some of them now dead, who would spin in their graves to know such a self-righteous phony was trying to trick Americans into thinking he was once part of their beloved Corps,” he said.MilitaryCorruption.com reports that Rather had been verbally referring to himself as having been a Marine, or in the Marines, and “he must have figured at this stage of his career that he could get away with publishing the photo and deliberately deceiving the public.”Ironically, Rather was forced out of his job at CBS after having been exposed by bloggers for using fake documents to misrepresent the military service of then President George W. Bush.In the case of the Dan Rather-as-Marine story, notes WorldNetDaily, Rather has published fake news about himself.Strangely, Rather was played by actor Robert Redford in the movie, “Truth” about the CBS phony documents scandal. Rather still insists he got the story right.Almost as bizarre as Rather, Redford played reporter Bob Woodward in a movie about the Nixon Watergate scandal and wrote a recent column for The Washington Post, “45 years after Watergate, the truth is again in danger.”In the column, which blasted President Trump’s treatment of the press, Redford said, “Sound and accurate journalism defends our democracy. It’s one of the most effective weapons we have to restrain the power-hungry.”The column appeared before Trump’s claim about being wiretapped by the Obama administration was confirmed in revelations about the Watergate-style surveillance of Trump officials implicating former Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice.http://www.aim.org/aim-column/another-dan-rather-scandal/More great articles here: http://www.aim.orgCliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org.View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid.








By Lisa Haven “We feel that the clock is very, very quickly running out. Again, we would have loved to see North Korea join the community of nations — they have been given that opportunity over the course of different dialogues and offers — but the clock has now run out and all options are on the table for us.” Rex Tillerson US Secretary of StateTick Tock! Not only are we on the brink of war with North Korea due to their persistence to ‘test missiles,’ but also with Syria. Recently, Trump responded to Nikki Haley, the US Ambassador to the United Nations, when she displayed pictures of children who were injured by nerve gas the Syrian president, Bashar Al Assad, dropped via warplanes on his people. Truth is, we are living in a ‘war-zone.’ From tension with North Korea to trouble in the Middle East, something is about to play out and fast…. More Critical Reads You Need to Hear by Lisa Haven! Click Here! Subscribe to My Website at www.LisaHaven.News Check Me out On YoutubeFor More Information See: https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3258532/north-korean-hackers-access-united-states-top-secret-nuclear-war-masterplan/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3257563/north-korea-fires-missile-as-donald-trump-warns-nuke-mad-despot-kim-jong-un-the-clock-has-run-out/http://dailycaller.com/2017/04/04/after-north-korea-launched-a-missile-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-issues-terse-response/http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/03/world/north-korea-hackers-banks/http://uproxx.com/news/north-korea-hackers-targeting-global-banks/https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/04/world/asia/north-korea-ballistic-missile-test-xi-trump.htmlhttp://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2017/04/06/6-apr-17-world-view-president-trump-plans-military-action-on-syria-after-horrific-nerve-gas-attack-on-civilians/








What started out last year as an investigation by the Obama administration into Russian interference in our presidential elections has turned into the latest scandal involving both former President Barack Obama and his national security adviser, Susan Rice. The media are in full panic mode, attempting to keep the focus of the investigation on President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans, while trying to shield Obama and Rice from the consequences of their actions.What has become clear during the past week is that the focus of the investigation should clearly be shifting from alleged collusion between President Trump’s associates and the Russian government, in order to influence the election—for which no evidence has emerged—to the role of the Obama administration in surveilling, incidental or otherwise, unmasking and leaking information about the Trump campaign and transition teams, for which all sorts of evidence has emerged.The question for the Republicans, who control every congressional committee as well as the executive branch, is whether or not they have the fortitude and integrity to ignore the pressure from the corrupt, liberal media and to expand or re-direct the investigation wherever the new evidence compels them to go.The latest development is the unmasking of former national security adviser Susan Rice. Rice was outed this week as someone who requested the unmasking of people associated with Trump’s campaign and transition team.As Accuracy in Media reported in a recent special report, “Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice has now been implicated in illegally unmasking Trump campaign and post-election Trump transition officials in monitored conversations, according to Bloomberg News and Fox News. The story was originally broken by Mike Cernovich, who has more of the details including the cover-up of Rice’s role by New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman, who was trying to protect Rice and Obama.”In fact, Cernovich later revealed that his sources were people inside both Bloomberg and The New York Times “who revealed that both Eli Lake (Bloomberg) and Maggie Haberman (NYT) were sitting on the Susan Rice story in order to protect the Obama administration.”The media went into full protection mode. A panel on CNN’s 360 With Anderson Cooper was confident that Rice had done nothing “improper.” Why? Jim Sciutto, CNN’s chief national security correspondent, who worked at the Obama State Department when Susan Rice was UN Ambassador, defended Rice, saying that this story was “largely ginned up, partly as a distraction.” CNN’s Don Lemon and Chris Cuomo also dismissed the story, with Lemon saying that the Susan Rice story is a “fake scandal ginned up by right-wing media and Trump,” and that he wasn’t going to be baited into covering it. What little coverage it received on the three broadcast networks’ evening news shows was focused on Rice’s claim that she had done nothing “improper.”Comments made in February and March by former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas, but only noticed and highlighted last week, did a lot to shift the narrative. But the establishment media refuse to acknowledge that shift, and are determined to keep Trump, House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) and Russia as the villains of what everyone agrees is an enormous scandal, if only they could agree on what that scandal is.“It was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people, get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can before President Obama leaves the administration,” said Farkas on MSNBC on March 2. She also said that “The Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about the Trump’s staff’s dealings with Russians that they would try to compromise those sources and methods, meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence” (emphasis added).Farkas’ comments appear to serve as confirmation that the Obama administration was spying on Trump’s staff during the 2016 election. That was reinforced through the reporting of Fox News’ Adam Housley, who wrote that “Susan Rice, former national security adviser under then-President Barack Obama, requested to unmask the names of Trump transition officials caught up in surveillance.” He added that “The unmasked names, of people associated with Donald Trump, were then sent to all those at the National Security Council, some at the Defense Department, then-Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and then-CIA Director John Brennan—essentially, the officials at the top, including former Rice deputy Ben Rhodes.” According to Housley, “The names were part of incidental electronic surveillance of candidate and President-elect Trump and people close to him, including family members, for up to a year before he took office.”Note that Farkas said “we” when referring to intelligence issues, and the Trump staff’s Russian contacts. As the former deputy assistant secretary of defense for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia, she left the Obama administration in 2015, yet she was boldly talking about intelligence matters and informing the Hill while out of office.As for leaks, she told MSNBC’s Mika Brzezinski, “That’s why you have the leaking: people are worried.”As that story was swirling, accusations that Rice had been requesting the names of intelligence officials listed in an intelligence report began to emerge, including a Wall Street Journal report that said Ms. Rice “examined dozens of other intelligence summaries that technically masked Trump official identities but were written in such a way as to make obvious who those officials were,” making the masking essentially meaningless. “Unmasking does occur, but it is typically done by intelligence or law-enforcement officials engaged in antiterror or espionage investigations. Ms. Rice would have had no obvious need to unmask Trump campaign officials other than political curiosity.”Former prosecutor and National Review contributor Andy McCarthy wrote that “the reported involvement of former national-security adviser Susan Rice in the unmasking of Trump officials appears to be a major scandal—it suggests that the Obama White House, of which she was a high-ranking staffer, abused the power to collect intelligence on foreign targets, by using it to spy on the opposition party and its presidential candidate.”He said that while it may not have broken the law, “The issue is not technical legality, it is monumental abuse of power.”Before Rice was outed for her involvement in the unmasking and possible distribution of the information obtained from the intelligence community, she had denied having any knowledge of “the intelligence community’s alleged incidental surveillance of Trump’s transition team” when she appeared with Judy Woodruff on the PBS Newshour on March 22.After the articles appeared this week citing Rice’s role, she went to the friendly confines of an interview with MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell. Rice acknowledged her role in requesting the unmasking of certain people picked up in the incidental surveillance, but claimed it was normal, and nothing improper or illegal was done. “Imagine if we saw something of grave significance that involved Russia or China or anybody else interfering in our political process and we needed to understand the significance of that, for us not to try to understand it would be dereliction of duty.”But Rice has a history of making provably false statements to protect Obama. Her comment about a “dereliction of duty” reminded me of her role in the Obama administration’s cover-up following the terrorist attacks in Benghazi. Yes, she lied on five Sunday talk shows about what led to the attacks on September 11 and 12, 2012. But in addition, our Citizens’ Commission on Benghazi identified another dereliction of duty: the Obama administration’s failure to send in the military to attempt to rescue the Americans who were under attack at the CIA Annex near the Special Mission Compound. Four Americans died in the attacks, others were wounded.Rice also lied for the Obama administration when she said that Bowe Bergdahl, a deserter in Afghanistan who the Obama administration traded for five high-ranking Taliban terrorists, had served in the military “with honor and distinction.” This latest controversy further highlights why I recently questioned Susan Rice as an appropriate person to criticize President Trump’s credibility, which she did in an op-ed in The Washington Post. Rice must be put under oath to explain what she did with the names that were unmasked, who she was communicating with about it, and what Obama knew and when he knew it.http://www.aim.org/aim-column/latest-obama-rice-scandal-comes-into-focus/More great articles here: http://www.aim.org Roger Aronoff is the Editor of Accuracy in Media, and a member of the Citizens’ Commission on Benghazi. He can be contacted at roger.aronoff@aim.org. View the complete archives from Roger Aronoff.








Wilmot Provio for The Conservative Tribune reports, A letter from a top GOP senator to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson revealed that Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was given access to classified documents at the State Department during her campaign, Fox News reports.Synopsis. Hillary Clinton was born on October 26, 1947, in Chicago, Illinois, going on to earn her law degree from Yale University. She married fellow law school graduate Bill Clinton in 1975. She later served as first lady from 1993 to 2001, and then as a U.S. senator from 2001 to 2009.Rex Wayne Tillerson is an American energy executive, civil engineer, and diplomat who is the 69th and current United States Secretary of State, serving since February 1, 2017. Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








By Lisa Haven Earlier this year it was revealed by Julian Assange, Wikileaks, via their Vault 7 release, that the CIA created a secondary NSA surveillance system—one with less oversight than that of the NSA. It was also discovered that the CIA could implant virtual forensic fingerprints on computers and frame someone for a crime they didn’t commit, through a project known as UMBRAGE. Furthermore, Wikileaks revealed how the CIA could remotely take over the controls on vehicles and cause undetectable assassinations. A few weeks later Wikileaks placed another nail in the CIA coffin with their release of Dark Matter, a program which proves they are implanting technology in iPhones during their creation. Meaning all the CIA has to do is access the “chip” to hear any and everything you are saying. Now, as of March 31st, Wikileaks dropped yet another section of the Vault 7 files with their latest release of Marble Framework. Here’s more on this report… More Critical Reads You Need to Hear by Lisa Haven! Click Here! Subscribe to My Website at www.LisaHaven.News Check Me out On Youtube For More Information See: https://fossbytes.com/wikileaks-cia-marble-framework-obfuscate-text-malware/https://wikileaks.org/vault7/?marble9#Marble%20Frameworkhttps://wikileaks.org/ciav7p1/








Here are the top news stories… Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US From the Hagmann blood sugar protocol to the Hodges joint protocol, Dr. Broer has helped hundreds of thousands of people. There is something for everybody at Healthmasters.com.FOR COMMON SENSE SHOW LISTENERS YOU CAN TAKE 5% OFF ALL NEW ORDERS. SIMPLY USE THE COUPON CODE “Dh5”








ROBERT DAVID STEELE NORWAY
INTERVIEW “CLINTON FOUNDATION
BIGGEST ORGANIZED CRIME
FAMILY I KNOW OF “



 In order to get the word out to a greater audience, Mr Steele has again invited me to share another Norway interview. This one is a bit over an hour and goes extensively into the deep state.Original channel is here.. Thank you for permission to share on my channelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5et5d…








What we know is that pizza, hot dogs and ice cream are coded language describing victims of child sexual abuse, according to the FBI. These elements alone seen in a film would mean very little. But, repeated over and over in a film about Catholic Church sexual abuse, they stand out like a sore thumb.Watch the video below as I review these scenes in the award winning film, Spotlight about the exposure of the Catholic Church sex abuse scandal by the Boston Globe in 2002.http://enterthe5t4rz.blogspot.com/








4-6-17  From “Clock has run out’ on N. Korea:US & Russia launches most powerful nuclear attack submarine yetYOU WILL HEAR THE FOLLOWING IN THIS BROADCAST:-World on the EDGE as North Korea launches ANOTHER ballistic missile
-AND FOX NEWS IS REPORTING North Korean missile launch WAS likely a failure
-North Korea WILL RETALIATE with ‘devastating attack’ if Trump ‘incites confrontation’
-US is stating the ‘Clock has run out’ on North Korea
-Michael Snyder of the Economic Collapse asks Is The United States About To Bomb North Korea?From The Alex Jones ChannelIs The United States About To Bomb North Korea? The White House Says ‘The Clock Has Now Run Out’China Using North Korea To Push For Nuclear WarChina is using North Korea to try and push for a global nuclear war to keep the globalist agenda alive.








While investors hang on every dovish word bluffed from a venerable Fed speaker’s mouth, the cognitive dissonance when something negative is uttered is stunning. Since Greenspan’s “irrational exuberance” moment, asset-gatherers and commission-takers have advised ignoring Fedspeak on stocks… historically, that was a mistake for investors.Having shocked a soaring market yesterday with the Minutes stating:“Broad U.S. equity price indexes increased over the intermeeting period, and some measures of valuations, such as price-to-earnings ratios, rose further above historical norms. … Some participants viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures.”Of course, business media was quick to assert this is nothing to worry about, however, as CNBC’s Mike Santoli reports, traders shouldn’t be so quick to dismiss these comments from Fed officials.History shows when worries about valuation appear in these official minutes, stocks often struggle in the following year.We found six mentions of an overvalued stock market in the minutes by searching the Fed’s website for the word “valuation” going back to 1996. According to Kensho, here’s the performance of the major market averages one year after the meeting when such a mention took place. Here are the specific mentions of high “valuation” in the minutes, according to the Fed’s website, along with the S&P 500′s subsequent return from the meeting when that mention was made.Meeting: April 28-29 — 2015 S&P 500 return 1-year later: -1.97%“However, some indicators suggested that valuations remained stretched for some asset classes. An estimate of the expected real return on equities moved down, reflecting an increase in stock prices and downward revisions to forecasts of corporate earnings, and corporate bond spreads declined somewhat.”Sept. 16-17, 2014 — S&P 500 return 1-year later: -0.57%“Some financial developments that could undermine financial stability over time were noted, including a deterioration in leveraged lending standards, stretched stock market valuations, and compressed risk spreads.”Jan. 27-28, 2004 — S&P 500 return 1-year later: +3.8%“A number of members commented that expectations of sustained policy accommodation appeared to have contributed to valuations in financial markets that left little room for downside risks, and the change in wording might prompt those markets to adjust more appropriately to changing economic circumstances in the future.”Dec. 11, 2001 — S&P 500 return 1-year later: -20.39%“Among those risks, members cited the apparently reduced prospects for additional fiscal stimulus legislation, the vulnerability of current stock market valuations should forecasts of a robust rebound in earnings fail to materialize, the possibility of further terrorist incidents, and especially the potentially adverse effect on consumer confidence and spending of additional deterioration in labor market conditions.”March 21, 2000 — S&P 500 return 1-year later: -24.88%“The divergence, at least until recently, in the stock market between the valuations of high-tech firms and those of more traditional, established firms was inducing a redirection of investment funds to business activities that were perceived to be more productive. While the associated capital investments undoubtedly had contributed to the acceleration in productivity, some members expressed concern that the historically elevated valuations of many high-tech stocks were subject to a sizable market adjustment at some point. That risk was underscored by the increased volatility of the stock market.”Dec. 17, 1996 — S&P 500 return 1-year later: 32.99%“The rise over recent years had been extraordinary and had brought market valuations to fairly high levels relative to earnings and dividends. In these circumstances, the members recognized the need to monitor with special care price movements in the stock market and asset markets more generally for their implications for consumer and other spending.”Of course, it’s different this time though and markets can only go up… because Trump tax reform… stimulus… earnings… right?








Knoxville, Tenn., could be the first city in the U.S. where Obamacare completely collapses, leaving tens of thousands of people without the option to buy a subsidized insurance policy.Humana, the city’s only remaining insurance provider on its Obamacare exchange, announced it is exiting the market in 2018. If that happens, Knoxville citizens will be in a rough spot. Unless another insurance provider fills Humana’s place, some 40,000 people in the Knoxville area will likely be left without the option to purchase an Obamacare-subsidized insurance policy, CNN reports.Knoxville is illustrative of one of the main problems with Obamacare: It doesn’t promote market-based competition. Insurers pull out of marketplaces where it is not cost-efficient for them to provide services, and, as a result, consumers are left with fewer options at higher prices.Tennessee is one of the largest casualties of the current health care system. Three insurers have pulled out of the state entirely, the state’s co-op failed and premiums continue to skyrocket annually by double-digits. Tennessee’s health commissioner has all but given up, describing the state’s health care system as “very near collapse.”As it stands, insurance providers have until July 1 to let state authorities know what plans they will provide, if any, on the exchanges in 2018. State officials expect a formal announcement from providers within two months.Knoxville citizens would still have the option of purchasing insurance on the private marketplace. Without the Obamacare subsidy to purchase insurance, it is unclear how many consumers would choose to participate in the private insurance market.To help struggling consumers in their state, Sens. Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker of Tennessee put forth legislation that would allow consumers to use Obamacare subsidies to purchase any state-approved insurance plan on the private marketplace. If the bill passes, it would remain in effect through 2019.








Over the years, I’ve helped thousands of people make better choices for their life and their health. People from all backgrounds say they feel sick, tired, and depressed. What’s truly scary is that people begin to accept that feeling as normal.
It doesn’t have to be that way. You don’t have to, nor should you, resign yourself to feeling perpetually run-down and exhausted. Some of the most effective ways to improve your health are simple and accessible to almost everyone. You don’t need a lot of money; you just need the drive to cultivate healthy habits. When people ask me what the best medicine is, do you know what I tell them? The best medicine is a prevention-based lifestyle. 
 6 Tips for a Healthy Lifestyle
The six simplest things you can incorporate in your life are sunshine, clean air, fresh water, sleep, exercise, and most of all— a clean, healthy diet. That’s it. Improving these six things can improve anyone’s health. They require no fancy equipment, no special training, no 16-disc instructional DVD set, no payment plan. You can start improving your life yourself, today, right now.
 1. Get Some Sunshine
Soaking up the sun has received a lot of bad press in recent years, and everyone now associates the sun’s UV rays with wrinkles and skin cancer. While it’s true that you shouldn’t spend all day in the sun, we’ve swung too far in the other direction, and people are quick to reach for chemically-suspect sunscreens or avoid the sun entirely. In reality, UV rays account for only about one-tenth of 1% of the total global burden of disease. You’re far more likely to get sick from too little sunlight.[1]
Moderate exposure to direct sunshine boosts the health of both your mind and body. In addition to enhancing your mental state, exposure to sunlight directly affects the body’s production of melatonin and can promote more restful sleep. Sunlight is also vital to the body’s ability to produce vitamin D, an incredibly important nutrient that supports cardiovascular health, bone health, and the immune system. In fact, sunlight is the best source of vitamin D, as the nutrient is relatively uncommon in food.
That’s not to say you should ignore the risk of UV-related cancer. As in all things health-related, you must find the right balance. Be smart about your level of sunshine exposure. Try to get at least 15-30 minutes of direct sunlight every day. Avoid sunscreens. At best, they prevent vitamin D production. Worse, many sunscreens contain harsh chemicals that can be absorbed through the skin and cause dozens of health problems. If you are out in the glaring sun all day, make use of shade and wear sunglasses, wide-brimmed hats, and loose-fitting, long-sleeved clothing to avoid sunburn. If you must use sunscreen, only buy organic, mineral and plant-based varieties.
 2. Breathe Clean Air
As the old saying goes, you can survive weeks without food, days without water, but only a few minutes without air. Given its extreme importance, it almost goes without saying that the best air is fresh and clean.
Clean air helps prevent respiratory ailments like asthma or allergies and supplies your body with the oxygen that all living cells need. Breathing dirty air can cause big problems.
A lot of people associate poor air quality with smog or industrial pollution. You may be surprised to learn that, according to the EPA, indoor air quality is usually 2-5x worse than that outside. That may be a best-case scenario; in the worst cases, indoor air can be up to 100x more toxic.[2]
Oddly, efficient construction may be to blame. It’s energy efficient for a building to be sealed up tight, but it also allows for the accumulation and concentration of air pollutants. These pollutants include the VOCs and chemical fumes that off-gas from furniture, paint, flooring materials, and other indoor building materials.
Don’t think an air freshener is going to “clean” the air. Most air fresheners just release an equally toxic chemical fragrance to mask odors.[3] Instead, get an air purification device for your home, preferably one that uses both HEPA and UV filters. You can also open the windows and get a few houseplants; they’re excellent, natural air filters that release clean oxygen. Better yet, go outside in nature and enjoy the fresh air first hand.
 3. Stay Hydrated
By some estimates, 75% of people suffer from chronic mild dehydration.[4]  This affects your health in more ways than just feeling a bit thirsty. At a minimum, chronic dehydration causes a severe drop in your energy levels. Worse, since 70% of your body is water, dehydration can negatively affect every process in your body, including bone and tissue regeneration, natural detoxification abilities, immune function—all of it. Even blinking your eyes and the beating of your heart require water.
Madison Avenue marketing wizards spend millions of dollars trying to convince us that water is plain and boring. Instead, they say, we should quench our thirst with overpriced, carbonated liquid candy like soda and energy drinks. Don’t listen. You need fresh water to function; there is no substitute. Coffee, sodas, and energy drinks are not good sources of hydration. In fact, the caffeine and sugar are diuretics that cause your body to lose water. Avoid.
How much water do you need? Eight cups a day is the standard recommendation. That’s a fairly good rule of thumb, but it doesn’t account for body size or activity level. A better guideline is to drink half your bodyweight in ounces. For example, if you weigh 180 pounds, drink 90 ounces of water per day. Of course, people’s needs differ based on many factors. Body size, physical activity, external temperature, sweatiness, health, and dozens of other factors all affect how much water you need. Start with the half-your-weight rule as a base and add water as needed.
 4. Get Enough Rest
Have you noticed that in some circles, missing several hours of sleep a night is considered a badge of honor while sleeping the full, recommended 8 hours is seen as a weakness? This thinking is completely backward.
Adequate sleep—about 7-8 hours a night for most people—is absolutely necessary for a healthy body and mind. Rest promotes normal hormone levels and neurotransmitter responses. Skipping sleep can lead to poor work performance, car accidents, relationship problems, anger, and depression.[5]
Why are so many people walking around completely exhausted? For most people, the problem isn’t that they’re too busy, it’s that they just need to turn off the TV, put down the phone, and close their eyes. In fact, trying to fall asleep with the TV or other gadgets on will only derail your body’s natural circadian rhythm.[6]
Just put away the smartphone and go to bed. Make your sleeping space as dark as possible. If that’s not feasible, try wearing a sleep mask. It’s a great strategy for blocking out light. And, just as you’ve always heard, aim for about 8 hours of sleep every night.
 5. Exercise Often
Exercise is vital to your health and mood. Unequivocally, research shows that your chances of living a long, healthy life are better if you exercise regularly. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services advises that regular physical activity reduces mortality rates of many chronic diseases and helps improve or prevent many illnesses and conditions.[7]
You don’t need to have the physique of an Olympian to see health benefits. Even light to moderate exercise can offer tremendous health benefits. Although forty-five minutes to an hour is better for most people, just 30 minutes of moderate activity a few times a week can boost energy levels, help you sleep better, sharpen your mind, and strengthen your defense against illness.
To maximize the benefits, exercise outdoors. Studies have shown that exercising outside promotes endurance, enthusiasm, pleasure, and self-esteem. It also helps reduce depression and fatigue.[8] One study found that people who exercised outside exercised longer and more frequently.[9] Not to mention that exercising outdoors can also help you get your daily dose of sunshine.
 6. Follow a Clean Diet
You may be familiar with the expression, “garbage in, garbage out.” The food you eat is a perfect example of that expression in action. Good nutrition is vital to your health. You can exercise and sleep twice as much as anyone else, but without a clean and balanced diet, you will feel down and fatigued.
There are many, many schools of thought on what type of diet is the best. Although there are a few unshakeable principles, it has to be an individual choice. Personally, I both follow and recommend a raw, vegan diet, but everyone has to decide what works for their life.
Most of the animals raised for mass production are raised in squalid conditions and treated inhumanely. Not only is this unnecessarily cruel, but it also promotes diseased animals that yield toxic animal products. A plant-based diet avoids these dangers, but if you do decide to consume meat and dairy, at least avoid the worst of it. Only consume animal products that are produced organically, in a free range environment, with ethical standards in place.
And, while it’s a contentious topic, I believe there’s more than sufficient evidence to  avoid genetically modified food, AKA GMOs.[10] Italy, France, Germany, Greece, and dozens of other countries have limited or outright banned these foods. In the United States, however, they are everywhere.  Buying organic food is the easiest way to avoid GMOs. According to both U.S. and Canadian law, a product with the “100% Certified Organic” label, it cannot contain any genetically modified organisms.
Finally, get in the habit of making your own food and avoid the mass-produced food products that are usually found in the center of the grocery store—boxed, packaged, and loaded with junk, especially refined carbohydrates. A few years ago, researchers at Princeton even confirmed that  sugar is more addictive than heroin. It’s no surprise Americans buy more soda than water.[11]
Most of your grocery shopping should consist of whole, raw foods. Vegetables, fruit, nuts, seeds, and whole grains. I won’t say all prepackaged food is terrible for you, but the vast majority of them contain a minefield of suspect ingredients.
There you have it. Six easy, cost-effective tips to transform your health. Have you put any of these into practice? How has it affected your life?

References (11)

M. Nathaniel Mead. “Benefits of Sunlight: A Bright Spot for Human Health.” Environ Health Perspect. 2008 Apr; 116(4): A160–A167.
“What Is Indoor Air Quality and How Is It Affected by Cleaning, Sanitizing, and Disinfecting?” California Department of Pesticide Regulation. 2015.
Anderson, RC, and JH Anderson. “Toxic Effects of Air Freshener Emissions.” Archives of Environmental Health., vol. 52, no. 6, 16 Apr. 1998, pp. 433–41. Accessed 14 Feb. 2017.
Oakley, Paul, and Melissa Baird. “Do Patients Drink Enough Water? Actual Pure Water Intake Compared to the Theoretical Daily Rules of Drinking Eight 8-Ounce Glasses and Drinking Half Your Body Weight in Ounces.” Journal of Water Resource and Protection, vol. 7, 28 July 2015, pp. 883–887. Accessed 14 Feb. 2017.
“Consequences of Insufficient Sleep.” Healthy Sleep, Harvard Medical School. Accessed 14 Feb. 2017.
“Blue Light Has a Dark Side.” Harvard Health Publications, Harvard Medical School, May 2012. Accessed 14 Feb. 2017.
“Physical Activity Fundamental to Preventing Disease.” ASPE, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 20 June 2002. Accessed 13 Feb. 2017.
Coon, Thompson, et al. “Does Participating in Physical Activity in Outdoor Natural Environments Have a Greater Effect on Physical and Mental Wellbeing Than Physical Activity Indoors? A Systematic Review.” Environmental Science & Technology., vol. 45, no. 5, 5 Feb. 2011, pp. 1761–72. Accessed 13 Feb. 2017.
Kerr, Jacqueline et al. “Outdoor Physical Activity and Self Rated Health in Older Adults Living in Two Regions of the U.S.” The International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity 9 (2012): 89. PMC. Web. 13 Feb. 2017.
“Genetically Modified Organisms (GMO): Harmful Effects of the Agent.” Umn.Edu, University of Minnesota. Accessed 14 Feb. 2017.
MacPherson, Kitta. “Sugar Can Be Addictive, Princeton Scientist Says.” News at Princeton, Princeton University, 23 Dec. 2008. Accessed 13 Feb. 2017.


 


 Subscribe to The Sleuth Journal Newsletter for Daily Articles!
 Email *   
 

 
Over the years, I’ve helped thousands of people make better choices for their life and their health. People from all backgrounds say they feel sick, tired, and depressed. What’s truly scary is that people begin to accept that feeling as normal.It doesn’t have to be that way. You don’t have to, nor should you, resign yourself to feeling perpetually run-down and exhausted. Some of the most effective ways to improve your health are simple and accessible to almost everyone. You don’t need a lot of money; you just need the drive to cultivate healthy habits. When people ask me what the best medicine is, do you know what I tell them? The best medicine is a prevention-based lifestyle.  6 Tips for a Healthy Lifestyle
The six simplest things you can incorporate in your life are sunshine, clean air, fresh water, sleep, exercise, and most of all— a clean, healthy diet. That’s it. Improving these six things can improve anyone’s health. They require no fancy equipment, no special training, no 16-disc instructional DVD set, no payment plan. You can start improving your life yourself, today, right now. 1. Get Some Sunshine
Soaking up the sun has received a lot of bad press in recent years, and everyone now associates the sun’s UV rays with wrinkles and skin cancer. While it’s true that you shouldn’t spend all day in the sun, we’ve swung too far in the other direction, and people are quick to reach for chemically-suspect sunscreens or avoid the sun entirely. In reality, UV rays account for only about one-tenth of 1% of the total global burden of disease. You’re far more likely to get sick from too little sunlight.[1]Moderate exposure to direct sunshine boosts the health of both your mind and body. In addition to enhancing your mental state, exposure to sunlight directly affects the body’s production of melatonin and can promote more restful sleep. Sunlight is also vital to the body’s ability to produce vitamin D, an incredibly important nutrient that supports cardiovascular health, bone health, and the immune system. In fact, sunlight is the best source of vitamin D, as the nutrient is relatively uncommon in food.That’s not to say you should ignore the risk of UV-related cancer. As in all things health-related, you must find the right balance. Be smart about your level of sunshine exposure. Try to get at least 15-30 minutes of direct sunlight every day. Avoid sunscreens. At best, they prevent vitamin D production. Worse, many sunscreens contain harsh chemicals that can be absorbed through the skin and cause dozens of health problems. If you are out in the glaring sun all day, make use of shade and wear sunglasses, wide-brimmed hats, and loose-fitting, long-sleeved clothing to avoid sunburn. If you must use sunscreen, only buy organic, mineral and plant-based varieties. 2. Breathe Clean Air
As the old saying goes, you can survive weeks without food, days without water, but only a few minutes without air. Given its extreme importance, it almost goes without saying that the best air is fresh and clean.Clean air helps prevent respiratory ailments like asthma or allergies and supplies your body with the oxygen that all living cells need. Breathing dirty air can cause big problems.A lot of people associate poor air quality with smog or industrial pollution. You may be surprised to learn that, according to the EPA, indoor air quality is usually 2-5x worse than that outside. That may be a best-case scenario; in the worst cases, indoor air can be up to 100x more toxic.[2]Oddly, efficient construction may be to blame. It’s energy efficient for a building to be sealed up tight, but it also allows for the accumulation and concentration of air pollutants. These pollutants include the VOCs and chemical fumes that off-gas from furniture, paint, flooring materials, and other indoor building materials.Don’t think an air freshener is going to “clean” the air. Most air fresheners just release an equally toxic chemical fragrance to mask odors.[3] Instead, get an air purification device for your home, preferably one that uses both HEPA and UV filters. You can also open the windows and get a few houseplants; they’re excellent, natural air filters that release clean oxygen. Better yet, go outside in nature and enjoy the fresh air first hand. 3. Stay Hydrated
By some estimates, 75% of people suffer from chronic mild dehydration.[4]  This affects your health in more ways than just feeling a bit thirsty. At a minimum, chronic dehydration causes a severe drop in your energy levels. Worse, since 70% of your body is water, dehydration can negatively affect every process in your body, including bone and tissue regeneration, natural detoxification abilities, immune function—all of it. Even blinking your eyes and the beating of your heart require water.Madison Avenue marketing wizards spend millions of dollars trying to convince us that water is plain and boring. Instead, they say, we should quench our thirst with overpriced, carbonated liquid candy like soda and energy drinks. Don’t listen. You need fresh water to function; there is no substitute. Coffee, sodas, and energy drinks are not good sources of hydration. In fact, the caffeine and sugar are diuretics that cause your body to lose water. Avoid.How much water do you need? Eight cups a day is the standard recommendation. That’s a fairly good rule of thumb, but it doesn’t account for body size or activity level. A better guideline is to drink half your bodyweight in ounces. For example, if you weigh 180 pounds, drink 90 ounces of water per day. Of course, people’s needs differ based on many factors. Body size, physical activity, external temperature, sweatiness, health, and dozens of other factors all affect how much water you need. Start with the half-your-weight rule as a base and add water as needed. 4. Get Enough Rest
Have you noticed that in some circles, missing several hours of sleep a night is considered a badge of honor while sleeping the full, recommended 8 hours is seen as a weakness? This thinking is completely backward.Adequate sleep—about 7-8 hours a night for most people—is absolutely necessary for a healthy body and mind. Rest promotes normal hormone levels and neurotransmitter responses. Skipping sleep can lead to poor work performance, car accidents, relationship problems, anger, and depression.[5]Why are so many people walking around completely exhausted? For most people, the problem isn’t that they’re too busy, it’s that they just need to turn off the TV, put down the phone, and close their eyes. In fact, trying to fall asleep with the TV or other gadgets on will only derail your body’s natural circadian rhythm.[6]Just put away the smartphone and go to bed. Make your sleeping space as dark as possible. If that’s not feasible, try wearing a sleep mask. It’s a great strategy for blocking out light. And, just as you’ve always heard, aim for about 8 hours of sleep every night. 5. Exercise Often
Exercise is vital to your health and mood. Unequivocally, research shows that your chances of living a long, healthy life are better if you exercise regularly. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services advises that regular physical activity reduces mortality rates of many chronic diseases and helps improve or prevent many illnesses and conditions.[7]You don’t need to have the physique of an Olympian to see health benefits. Even light to moderate exercise can offer tremendous health benefits. Although forty-five minutes to an hour is better for most people, just 30 minutes of moderate activity a few times a week can boost energy levels, help you sleep better, sharpen your mind, and strengthen your defense against illness.To maximize the benefits, exercise outdoors. Studies have shown that exercising outside promotes endurance, enthusiasm, pleasure, and self-esteem. It also helps reduce depression and fatigue.[8] One study found that people who exercised outside exercised longer and more frequently.[9] Not to mention that exercising outdoors can also help you get your daily dose of sunshine. 6. Follow a Clean Diet
You may be familiar with the expression, “garbage in, garbage out.” The food you eat is a perfect example of that expression in action. Good nutrition is vital to your health. You can exercise and sleep twice as much as anyone else, but without a clean and balanced diet, you will feel down and fatigued.There are many, many schools of thought on what type of diet is the best. Although there are a few unshakeable principles, it has to be an individual choice. Personally, I both follow and recommend a raw, vegan diet, but everyone has to decide what works for their life.Most of the animals raised for mass production are raised in squalid conditions and treated inhumanely. Not only is this unnecessarily cruel, but it also promotes diseased animals that yield toxic animal products. A plant-based diet avoids these dangers, but if you do decide to consume meat and dairy, at least avoid the worst of it. Only consume animal products that are produced organically, in a free range environment, with ethical standards in place.And, while it’s a contentious topic, I believe there’s more than sufficient evidence to  avoid genetically modified food, AKA GMOs.[10] Italy, France, Germany, Greece, and dozens of other countries have limited or outright banned these foods. In the United States, however, they are everywhere.  Buying organic food is the easiest way to avoid GMOs. According to both U.S. and Canadian law, a product with the “100% Certified Organic” label, it cannot contain any genetically modified organisms.Finally, get in the habit of making your own food and avoid the mass-produced food products that are usually found in the center of the grocery store—boxed, packaged, and loaded with junk, especially refined carbohydrates. A few years ago, researchers at Princeton even confirmed that  sugar is more addictive than heroin. It’s no surprise Americans buy more soda than water.[11]Most of your grocery shopping should consist of whole, raw foods. Vegetables, fruit, nuts, seeds, and whole grains. I won’t say all prepackaged food is terrible for you, but the vast majority of them contain a minefield of suspect ingredients.There you have it. Six easy, cost-effective tips to transform your health. Have you put any of these into practice? How has it affected your life? 


 Subscribe to The Sleuth Journal Newsletter for Daily Articles!
 Email *   
 

  Email *   The post 6 Healthy Lifestyle Changes to Make Today appeared first on The Sleuth Journal.








We have all been asking ourselves the question, “What will the next false flag consist of?”
Interestingly, in the middle of being interviewed by Lisa Haven, yesterday, I had an “aha” moment because the discussion drifted into the arena of medical martial law. I suddenly connected the dots between what I feel is an impending false flag to neutralize the Trump administration and the globalists desire to roll out martial law and the use of FEMA camps.
Mike Adams
Mike Adams of Natural News has recently addressed this question through an analysis of how medical martial law could come about through the creation of a pandemic springing from ill-intentioned vaccine development using live viruses:

From Natural News: “The vaccine industry is unique in the fact that the more its products fail, the greater the demand for its faulty products. Simply stated, when vaccines are accidentally distributed with live viruses instead of attenuated (weakened) viruses, they cause the very outbreaks of disease they claim to prevent.
Once the outbreak happens, the pharma-funded mainstream media catapults disease hysteria into mass consciousness while calling for everyone to take more vaccines to “prevent the outbreak.” Those who weren’t vaccinated are always blamed for every outbreak, even when the outbreaks occur largely among children who have already been vaccinated….”
“…vaccine manufacturers experience enormous benefits from “accidental” outbreaks of disease caused by faulty vaccine manufacturing while having zero exposure to liability for such “mistakes.” As a result, vaccine manufacturers have every incentive to use vaccines as a vector to introduce infectious disease outbreaks into the population, after which they enjoy enormous profits and government funding grants thanks to all the “fake news” media hysteria that claims vaccines are the only solution to the very problem that was caused by vaccines in the first place.”

In short, Mike Adams believes that the medical industry will be complicit in pulling off a false flag in order to profit from the sale and distribution of the latest vaccine in a problem-solution-reaction scenario.  This is not much of a conspiracy, but a profit making venture.
The Real Conspiracy
Mike Adams has just told you how the next pandemic will appear. I have dipped into recent history in order to tell the reader on how this is going to happen. This will be followed by an explanation of why.
FEMA Has Been Getting Ready for a Medical False Flag Attack for Four Years
A full-scale, multi-agency set of drills designed to practice for a pandemic set of events has been underway, on an intermittent basis, since 2013. The majority of the activity has taken place in FEMA Region II in New York City and Northern New Jersey.
This latest drill of “coincidence” deals with issues related to the continuity of operations for essential services, transportation impacts, disruption in communications and Internet connectivity, disruptions to power sources and other related possible damages to the normal function of societal life. The exercises fatalistically deal with the tragic aftermath of the effects of a pandemic including “coping with the deaths of multiple coworkers/loved ones,” “replacing staff,” and “replacing personal protective equipment for a potential next wave.”
These disturbing set of drills cannot be considered in isolation because FEMA engaged in the same kinds of drills which are even more revealing the intent behind what is coming.

FEMA delivered $11 million in antibiotics to be delivered to FEMA region III by October 1st, 2013 which was ordered by the CDC. This clearly speaks to a pandemic release. Further, FEMA and DHS sponsored a nine-week training course for UN Peacekeepers in CONUS to learn Urban Warfare, English, and US weapons systems beginning late July for 386,000 troops to be completed by October 1st, 2013

Please pause for a moment and ask yourself why would it be necessary to teach foreign troops English? Why would foreign troops need to learn how to use US weapons on U.S. soil? Why would foreign troops need to practice urban warfare on U.S. soil? Why was the foreign military training force so large (386,000 troops)? There can only be one answer. This is a martial law occupation force which will use foreign troops who will have no hesitation to fire upon U.S. citizens.
More support for the use of foreign troops to subjugate the American public comes from leaked Army documents which speaks to the “new” FEMA camps, their configuration, their purpose and their personnel composition.
To those who follow my work, you may recall that I said that Obama was the set-up man and Clinton was to be the closer. When Hillary was defeated by Trump, this temporarily threw their plans into chaos. In other words, I believe that this scenario was to have already happened. Why? Because it introduces martial law and FEMA camps to America. Every tyrannical crackdown begins with a false flag followed by mass incarceration. The media aspect is the cover story and it is artificially created in the same vein as Mike Adams has stated.
In the Words of the Government
Straight from the Internment/Resettlement article ( FM 3-39.40 1-5) it states the following:

“…I/R operations may place Soldiers in continuous contact with or near insurgents, terrorists, or criminals who will exploit every opportunity to escape and kill or injure U.S. personnel or multinational partners“.

Make no mistake about it, this scenario marks an United Nations takeover and foreign oppressors will be introduced.
Army document, FM 3-39.40 1-5, speaks clearly to the fact their is absolute intent to use foreign military assets to imprison American citizens.
How will these foreign assets be utilized?
When some contagion (eg Ebola) strikes, the changes in the handling of patients has already been planned for through a series of legal actions, most of them are Executive Orders. For example, the Executive Order, entitled Revised List of Quarantinable Communicable Diseases, amends Executive Order 13295, passed by George W. Bush in April 2003, which allows for the, “apprehension, detention, or conditional release of individuals”, and Ebola is specifically mentioned. Could Ebola be making a comeback?
Even though former President Bush specifically mentioned Ebola as an illness which would permit the authorities to utilize forced quarantines, Obama took this portion of the Executive Order to a whole new level. Obama granted his or any future administration the authority to detain, in any manner deemed necessary, any person who demonstrates any degree of respiratory distress. This means people with noninfectious asthma could be detained.
When the forced transport of infected patients begins to occur, relatively healthy people will be joining them in this death parade march to camps being run with foreign assets.
The contagion will be the impetus to send people to camps, however, this is by no means the end game. These camps will quickly morph into martial law detainment camps for American dissidents. I would imagine that many alternative media broadcasters will develop asthma over the next several months.
As I have previously reported, I  found evidence supporting these claims in a federal document entitled  Emergency Support Function #8 (ESF #8) – Public Health and Medical Services Annex.  
This document is exceptionally obscure, but is can be accessed in the following manner”
This document can be accessed by Googling “ESF #8″ and you will arrive at the following listing and a PDF will appear.

[PDF]Emergency Support Function #8 – Public Health and Medical
www.fema.gov/…/emergency_s…
Federal Emergency Management Agency
Medical Services include responding to medical needs associated with mental health, ….. assistance are executed by ESF #8 in coordination with DHS/FEMA. … primarily for communications, aircraft, and the establishment of base camps.

 
More Operational Details of the HHS Sponsored Camps
These camps could indeed begin as FEMA detainment camps for some contagious patients, but quickly morph into other more nefarious and lethal purposes. Here are some examples of what I am speaking about.
Segregation of Civilian Detainees
I have previously been told my military sources that when families are transported to the I/R camps, husbands will be segregated from wives and children from parents.

“Detainees may also be segregated by ethnic and family groups and further segregated to protect vulnerable individuals. Additionally, detainees may be categorized by behavior (cooperative, neutral, or combative) to accurately resource guards and facilities”. Juveniles within the I/R population are typically segregated from the general population. (See DODD 3115.09.)”
 

AGENCIES CONCERNED WITH INTERNMENT AND RESETTLEMENT 
1-40. External involvement in I/R missions is a fact of life for military police organizations. Some government and government-sponsored entities that may be involved in I/R missions include—
International agencies.
International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC).
International Organization of Migration.
U.S. agencies.
Local U.S. embassy.
Department of Homeland Security.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).
Federal Emergency Management Agency.


 
And There is More to Planned Medical Martial Law
With its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) in the Federal Register on Aug. 15, 2016,  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has greatly expanded the draconian power of the government over the lives of the American people when it relates to health matter or a pseudo-health matter.
Barbara Loe Fisher, the President of the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC), stated:

“Today, the American people are challenged, as they have never been before, to confront the expansion of government authority over our bodies and the bodies of our children, specifically the exercise of police power to take us into custody and isolate us without our consent whenever public health officials believe we are sick or could become sick.“

The CDC, with its NPRM, is seeking to “restrict the freedom of a person entering the U.S. or traveling between states if they believe the person is infected or could become infected with certain kinds of communicable diseases.” So, now we are looking at pre-crime as an excuse to incarcerate people related to the controversial issue of vaccinations.
In part, these regulations will be used to impose the emerging mandatory vaccination laws. Are there any limits to the authority of the federal government with regard to vaccinations? According to the aforementioned documents, there are no limits placed in this new authority and the conditions, under the law, this could easily be expanded to the simple cold or the flu. Would this new authority open the way for the U.S. government health officials to eventually restrict travel via automobile, bus and train from state to state?
Amazingly, the NPRM calls for airline and cruise ship personnel to increase surveillance of travelers into the U.S. and those traveling between states, but states have the greatest authority under the Constitution to use police powers to control infectious diseases within state borders.  It is all about the money. The CDC currently funds many state initiatives when it comes to health. Subsequently, the federal government, in the form of the CDC will be able to take control of every state health agency. Fisher stated that medical enforcement authorities could be detaining, isolating and quarantining of people in the U.S., “who appear “unwell” but are otherwise simply going about minding their own business”.
When we begin to connect the dots, under Obamacare, all medical records are accessible by the IRS in violation of HIPPA regulations. Since our medical records are part of federally tracked electronic medical records as well as vaccine tracking systems which is also accessible by the IRS, these officials now have the ability to determine from our medical records if we have had all of our vaccinations. If not, you could be subject to medical detainment for not getting your vaccinations, or your children could. Also, please make note of the term “other infections”. This is a blank check for the federal government to detain you for any “perceived” condition.
In fact, Fisher goes on to say that the CDC is granting itself the ability to detain and quarantine people without their consent.

Fisher is quick to  point out, there are “many viral and bacterial infections that occur quite often in our country .” These conditions give the CDC the authority to act upon every infection has the potential to spread and cause harm or even death to some people (eg flu and bronchitis).”

The previously cited documents specify some of the  symptoms that “could get you detained” under the CDC’s NPRM include vomiting, diarrhea, and a fever of more than 100 degrees—symptoms that can be caused by everything from “allergic reactions, inflammatory bowel disease, salmonella and norovirus infections to hangovers and the common cold.” WHAT THIS CLEARLY STATES THIS THAT ANY CITIZEN, AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER, COULD BE AND WILL BE DETAINED UNDER THESE NEW GUIDELINES. 
THE GOVERNMENT HAS JUST GRANTED ITSELF THE AUTHORITY TO ROUND UP PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT “FEELING WELL” AND THEREFORE, POSE A DANGER TO SOCIETY BECAUSE THEY “MIGHT POSE A THREAT”. AND AS MIKE ADAMS HAS POINTED OUT, NOT TAKING VACCINES CONSTITUTES A THREAT. 
When health authorities come and arrest you because you have a temperature in excess of 100 degrees, NPRM regulations state that you can be held for up to 72 hours without the right to contact a lawyer to appeal your detention. You would be FORCED to sign a contract with the CDC agreeing to submit yourself or your minor children to such “public health measures” as “quarantine, isolation, conditional release, medical examination, hospitalization, vaccination, and treatment.”
Detainment Centers (FEMA Camps) Have No Real Medical Facilities
Look at the participating partners in the “hospital” detainment centers in the EFS #8 document. This list is very revealing as to the intended purpose of these camps.



 Support Agencies:We have all been asking ourselves the question, “What will the next false flag consist of?”Interestingly, in the middle of being interviewed by Lisa Haven, yesterday, I had an “aha” moment because the discussion drifted into the arena of medical martial law. I suddenly connected the dots between what I feel is an impending false flag to neutralize the Trump administration and the globalists desire to roll out martial law and the use of FEMA camps.Mike Adams of Natural News has recently addressed this question through an analysis of how medical martial law could come about through the creation of a pandemic springing from ill-intentioned vaccine development using live viruses:From Natural News: “The vaccine industry is unique in the fact that the more its products fail, the greater the demand for its faulty products. Simply stated, when vaccines are accidentally distributed with live viruses instead of attenuated (weakened) viruses, they cause the very outbreaks of disease they claim to prevent.Once the outbreak happens, the pharma-funded mainstream media catapults disease hysteria into mass consciousness while calling for everyone to take more vaccines to “prevent the outbreak.” Those who weren’t vaccinated are always blamed for every outbreak, even when the outbreaks occur largely among children who have already been vaccinated….”“…vaccine manufacturers experience enormous benefits from “accidental” outbreaks of disease caused by faulty vaccine manufacturing while having zero exposure to liability for such “mistakes.” As a result, vaccine manufacturers have every incentive to use vaccines as a vector to introduce infectious disease outbreaks into the population, after which they enjoy enormous profits and government funding grants thanks to all the “fake news” media hysteria that claims vaccines are the only solution to the very problem that was caused by vaccines in the first place.”In short, Mike Adams believes that the medical industry will be complicit in pulling off a false flag in order to profit from the sale and distribution of the latest vaccine in a problem-solution-reaction scenario.  This is not much of a conspiracy, but a profit making venture.Mike Adams has just told you how the next pandemic will appear. I have dipped into recent history in order to tell the reader on how this is going to happen. This will be followed by an explanation of why.A full-scale, multi-agency set of drills designed to practice for a pandemic set of events has been underway, on an intermittent basis, since 2013. The majority of the activity has taken place in FEMA Region II in New York City and Northern New Jersey.This latest drill of “coincidence” deals with issues related to the continuity of operations for essential services, transportation impacts, disruption in communications and Internet connectivity, disruptions to power sources and other related possible damages to the normal function of societal life. The exercises fatalistically deal with the tragic aftermath of the effects of a pandemic including “coping with the deaths of multiple coworkers/loved ones,” “replacing staff,” and “replacing personal protective equipment for a potential next wave.”
These disturbing set of drills cannot be considered in isolation because FEMA engaged in the same kinds of drills which are even more revealing the intent behind what is coming.FEMA delivered $11 million in antibiotics to be delivered to FEMA region III by October 1st, 2013 which was ordered by the CDC. This clearly speaks to a pandemic release. Further, FEMA and DHS sponsored a nine-week training course for UN Peacekeepers in CONUS to learn Urban Warfare, English, and US weapons systems beginning late July for 386,000 troops to be completed by October 1st, 2013Please pause for a moment and ask yourself why would it be necessary to teach foreign troops English? Why would foreign troops need to learn how to use US weapons on U.S. soil? Why would foreign troops need to practice urban warfare on U.S. soil? Why was the foreign military training force so large (386,000 troops)? There can only be one answer. This is a martial law occupation force which will use foreign troops who will have no hesitation to fire upon U.S. citizens.More support for the use of foreign troops to subjugate the American public comes from leaked Army documents which speaks to the “new” FEMA camps, their configuration, their purpose and their personnel composition.To those who follow my work, you may recall that I said that Obama was the set-up man and Clinton was to be the closer. When Hillary was defeated by Trump, this temporarily threw their plans into chaos. In other words, I believe that this scenario was to have already happened. Why? Because it introduces martial law and FEMA camps to America. Every tyrannical crackdown begins with a false flag followed by mass incarceration. The media aspect is the cover story and it is artificially created in the same vein as Mike Adams has stated.Straight from the Internment/Resettlement article ( FM 3-39.40 1-5) it states the following:Make no mistake about it, this scenario marks an United Nations takeover and foreign oppressors will be introduced.Army document, FM 3-39.40 1-5, speaks clearly to the fact their is absolute intent to use foreign military assets to imprison American citizens.How will these foreign assets be utilized?When some contagion (eg Ebola) strikes, the changes in the handling of patients has already been planned for through a series of legal actions, most of them are Executive Orders. For example, the Executive Order, entitled Revised List of Quarantinable Communicable Diseases, amends Executive Order 13295, passed by George W. Bush in April 2003, which allows for the, “apprehension, detention, or conditional release of individuals”, and Ebola is specifically mentioned. Could Ebola be making a comeback?Even though former President Bush specifically mentioned Ebola as an illness which would permit the authorities to utilize forced quarantines, Obama took this portion of the Executive Order to a whole new level. Obama granted his or any future administration the authority to detain, in any manner deemed necessary, any person who demonstrates any degree of respiratory distress. This means people with noninfectious asthma could be detained.When the forced transport of infected patients begins to occur, relatively healthy people will be joining them in this death parade march to camps being run with foreign assets.The contagion will be the impetus to send people to camps, however, this is by no means the end game. These camps will quickly morph into martial law detainment camps for American dissidents. I would imagine that many alternative media broadcasters will develop asthma over the next several months.As I have previously reported, I  found evidence supporting these claims in a federal document entitled  Emergency Support Function #8 (ESF #8) – Public Health and Medical Services Annex.  This document is exceptionally obscure, but is can be accessed in the following manner”This document can be accessed by Googling “ESF #8″ and you will arrive at the following listing and a PDF will appear.[PDF]Emergency Support Function #8 – Public Health and Medicalwww.fema.gov/…/emergency_s…Federal Emergency Management AgencyMedical Services include responding to medical needs associated with mental health, ….. assistance are executed by ESF #8 in coordination with DHS/FEMA. … primarily for communications, aircraft, and the establishment of base camps. These camps could indeed begin as FEMA detainment camps for some contagious patients, but quickly morph into other more nefarious and lethal purposes. Here are some examples of what I am speaking about.Segregation of Civilian DetaineesI have previously been told my military sources that when families are transported to the I/R camps, husbands will be segregated from wives and children from parents.“Detainees may also be segregated by ethnic and family groups and further segregated to protect vulnerable individuals. Additionally, detainees may be categorized by behavior (cooperative, neutral, or combative) to accurately resource guards and facilities”. Juveniles within the I/R population are typically segregated from the general population. (See DODD 3115.09.)” AGENCIES CONCERNED WITH INTERNMENT AND RESETTLEMENT 1-40. External involvement in I/R missions is a fact of life for military police organizations. Some government and government-sponsored entities that may be involved in I/R missions include—International agencies.International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC).International Organization of Migration.U.S. agencies.Local U.S. embassy.Department of Homeland Security.U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).Federal Emergency Management Agency.With its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) in the Federal Register on Aug. 15, 2016,  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has greatly expanded the draconian power of the government over the lives of the American people when it relates to health matter or a pseudo-health matter.Barbara Loe Fisher, the President of the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC), stated:“Today, the American people are challenged, as they have never been before, to confront the expansion of government authority over our bodies and the bodies of our children, specifically the exercise of police power to take us into custody and isolate us without our consent whenever public health officials believe we are sick or could become sick.“The CDC, with its NPRM, is seeking to “restrict the freedom of a person entering the U.S. or traveling between states if they believe the person is infected or could become infected with certain kinds of communicable diseases.” So, now we are looking at pre-crime as an excuse to incarcerate people related to the controversial issue of vaccinations.In part, these regulations will be used to impose the emerging mandatory vaccination laws. Are there any limits to the authority of the federal government with regard to vaccinations? According to the aforementioned documents, there are no limits placed in this new authority and the conditions, under the law, this could easily be expanded to the simple cold or the flu. Would this new authority open the way for the U.S. government health officials to eventually restrict travel via automobile, bus and train from state to state?Amazingly, the NPRM calls for airline and cruise ship personnel to increase surveillance of travelers into the U.S. and those traveling between states, but states have the greatest authority under the Constitution to use police powers to control infectious diseases within state borders.  It is all about the money. The CDC currently funds many state initiatives when it comes to health. Subsequently, the federal government, in the form of the CDC will be able to take control of every state health agency. Fisher stated that medical enforcement authorities could be detaining, isolating and quarantining of people in the U.S., “who appear “unwell” but are otherwise simply going about minding their own business”.When we begin to connect the dots, under Obamacare, all medical records are accessible by the IRS in violation of HIPPA regulations. Since our medical records are part of federally tracked electronic medical records as well as vaccine tracking systems which is also accessible by the IRS, these officials now have the ability to determine from our medical records if we have had all of our vaccinations. If not, you could be subject to medical detainment for not getting your vaccinations, or your children could. Also, please make note of the term “other infections”. This is a blank check for the federal government to detain you for any “perceived” condition.In fact, Fisher goes on to say that the CDC is granting itself the ability to detain and quarantine people without their consent.Fisher is quick to  point out, there are “many viral and bacterial infections that occur quite often in our country .” These conditions give the CDC the authority to act upon every infection has the potential to spread and cause harm or even death to some people (eg flu and bronchitis).”The previously cited documents specify some of the  symptoms that “could get you detained” under the CDC’s NPRM include vomiting, diarrhea, and a fever of more than 100 degrees—symptoms that can be caused by everything from “allergic reactions, inflammatory bowel disease, salmonella and norovirus infections to hangovers and the common cold.” WHAT THIS CLEARLY STATES THIS THAT ANY CITIZEN, AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER, COULD BE AND WILL BE DETAINED UNDER THESE NEW GUIDELINES. THE GOVERNMENT HAS JUST GRANTED ITSELF THE AUTHORITY TO ROUND UP PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT “FEELING WELL” AND THEREFORE, POSE A DANGER TO SOCIETY BECAUSE THEY “MIGHT POSE A THREAT”. AND AS MIKE ADAMS HAS POINTED OUT, NOT TAKING VACCINES CONSTITUTES A THREAT. When health authorities come and arrest you because you have a temperature in excess of 100 degrees, NPRM regulations state that you can be held for up to 72 hours without the right to contact a lawyer to appeal your detention. You would be FORCED to sign a contract with the CDC agreeing to submit yourself or your minor children to such “public health measures” as “quarantine, isolation, conditional release, medical examination, hospitalization, vaccination, and treatment.”Look at the participating partners in the “hospital” detainment centers in the EFS #8 document. This list is very revealing as to the intended purpose of these camps. Department of AgricultureDepartment of CommerceDepartment of DefenseDepartment of EnergyDepartment of Homeland SecurityDepartment of the InteriorDepartment of JusticeDepartment of LaborDepartment of StateDepartment of TransportationDepartment of Veterans AffairsEnvironmental Protection AgencyGeneral Services AdministrationU.S. Agency for International DevelopmentU.S. Postal ServiceAmerican Red CrossSometimes, it is not what a person says that is important, it is what they do not say. In the above list of medical detainment centers, I don’t see the CDC or the National Institute of Health listed. Nor do I see any legitimate medical organizations. I don’t even see the presence of any “volunteer” medical organizations such as Doctors Without Borders. Does anyone else find it disturbing that the transport of very sick people will be conducted and the end point is devoid of any medical treatment organizations and/or facilities?Mike Adams is correct, a medical false flag is coming. FEMA and HHS have been planning for this for a long time. It is clear that there will be foreign, UN troop participation. This is the backdoor to FEMA camp incarceration. The medical excuse is less likely to evoke a violent public backlash, at least initially. However, at the end of the day, this is a FEMA camp rollout and I am left wondering how much of this is President Trump aware of?Make no mistake, these camps are death camps.I will be interviewing Mike Adams on this topic in the next 24 hours, watch for the interview on this most important topic. Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL ANDDON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information. Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more








(NaturalHealth365) Believe it or not, the simple act of sitting – for long periods of time – may be hazardous to your health. The American College of Cardiology reports that sitting at a desk for more than four hours a day increases the odds of deep vein thrombosis by a frightening 48 percent.Deep vein thrombosis, or DVT, occurs when a blood clot forms in a vein located deep in the body. In a life-threatening complication, the clot may break loose and make its way to the lung, leading to a potentially fatal pulmonary embolism.Fortunately, recent research shows that you can combat DVT – safely and effectively – with the help of two natural extracts.Blood clots affect close to one million AmericansAccording to the CDC, as many as 900,000 Americans could be affected by venous thromboembolisms (blood clots) every year – with roughly 100,000 dying from them. In fact, the risks of prolonged sitting are so pronounced many are calling sitting “the new smoking.”And mainstream medicine offers few real solutions. Anticoagulant medications prescribed by conventionally-trained doctors can feature serious side effects – along with the risk of hemorrhage, or uncontrolled bleeding.But recent research shows that two natural substances, French maritime pine bark extract and nattokinase, can break down small clots before they grow – and even stop them from forming in the first place. Both can inhibit clotting, improve microcirculation in the legs, and increase the elasticity of blood vessel walls.What are the symptoms and signs of a blood clot?About half of the time, there are no apparent signs of deep vein thrombosis.When symptoms do occur, they tend to develop suddenly – and can include swelling, fatigue, tenderness and pain in the affected leg. Reddened skin, skin that is otherwise discolored, and warm skin on one or both legs can be warning signs as well.And, a previously invisible vein that suddenly becomes visible is also a red flag that may indicate a possible blood clot. If you notice any of these warning signs, call your doctor – especially if they develop suddenly.Of course, aging can make you more susceptible to blood clots – especially when living a sedentary lifestyle. Being obese, smoking cigarettes, having surgery and taking oral contraceptives can also raise your risk.French maritime pine bark extract: A powerful natural vasodilatorPine bark extract, also known as pycnogenol, is rich in beneficial polyphenols, including procyanidins and phenolic acids. With potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, pine bark extract dilates blood vessels and reduces the “stickiness” of blood platelets – making them less likely to form into clots.French maritime pine bark extract also increases the activity of an enzyme that generates beneficial nitric oxide in blood vessels. Several studies have demonstrated that pine bark extract is especially effective in preventing blood clots from forming after prolonged sitting.French maritime pine bark extract has also been shown to help reduce post-thrombotic syndrome, a common DVT complication in which blood collects in the affected leg and causes swelling, discoloration and leg ulcers.In a year-long 2011 study, French maritime pine bark extract was found to be at least as effective as compression stockings in treating post-thrombotic syndrome. Not only did no new cases occur in the participants who took pine bark extract, but leg and ankle swelling was significantly decreased when compared to the compression stockings group. Researchers concluded that pine bark extract may have significant long-term protective effects following a thrombotic event.Another plus for French maritime pine bark extract is the fact that compliance was better in the pine bark group. Researchers noted that taking the extract was not as “bothersome” to the participants as wearing the compression stockings, especially in warm weather.Nattokinase: A potent protector made from soyNattokinase is a proteolytic enzyme made from soybeans that have been fermented with a specific bacterium, Bacillus subtilis. It helps to prevent clotting by breaking down fibrin – the main protein found in clots – and also breaks down fibrinogen, the precursor to fibrin. And, it achieves this without causing side effects or undesirable bleeding.Nattokinase, combined with pine bark extract, has produced impressive results in studies.In a randomized, placebo-controlled human trial published in 2003 in Angiology, passengers on a lengthy overseas flight were given either placebo or a nattokinase and pine bark extract combination.The combination prevented each and every passenger who took it from experiencing DVTs.While there were zero DVTs in the supplement group, 5.4 percent of the passengers in the placebo group did experience DVTs. In contrast to the supplement group, passengers in the placebo group experienced a 12 percent increase in leg swelling during the flight – while supplemented passengers actually enjoyed a 15 percent reduction.The conclusion is that nattokinase and French maritime pine bark extract helped to prevent deep vein thrombosis in people who spent long periods sitting – thereby reducing the threat of sudden death from pulmonary embolism.If you are required to sit at a desk for prolonged periods of time, experts recommend getting up every hour and walking around for at least five to ten minutes to prevent blood from pooling in your legs.Naturally, if interested, we suggest you talk about nattokinase and pine bark extract supplementation with your healthcare provider. And, if they don’t know about these substances – find a doctor that understands the value of natural remedies. (it could save your life)References:http://www.lifeextension.com/Magazine/2017/1/Natural-Prevention-Of-Deep-Vein-Thrombosis/Page-01
http://www.globalhealingcenter.com/natural-health/nattokinase
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14565628https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22108473The post Avoid deadly blood clots with two natural extracts appeared first on Natural Health 365.Visit Natural Health 365 Here /








Vitamin C, B1 and Hydrocortisone Dramatically Reduce Mortality From Sepsis











By Dr. Mercola
Sepsis1 is a progressive disease process caused by an aggressive, dysfunctional immune response to an infection in the bloodstream. It starts with symptoms of infection that can progress to septic shock.
Unless treated — and the earlier the better — sepsis can result in extremely low blood pressure that is unresponsive to fluid replacement, weakening of the heart, and multiple-organ failure.
Sepsis is a common hospital-acquired infection,2,3 but common illnesses such as bronchitis, pneumonia, strep throat or kidney infection can also turn septic, as can localized infections caused by bacteria, fungi or viruses.
The condition becomes particularly problematic and deadly if the infection involves methicillin-resistant or vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA or VRSA) bacteria.
Each year, an estimated 1 million Americans get sepsis4 and up to half of them die.5,6,7 Treatment can be a challenge, and is becoming even more so as drug-resistant infections become more prevalent.
According to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, sepsis is the most expensive condition being treated in U.S. hospitals, costing more than $20 billion in 20118 and $24 billion in 2014.9
The good news is a critical care physician just may have found a way to save tens of thousands of lives and billions of dollars each year using two readily available vitamins and a steroid.
Vitamin C and Thiamin — An Inexpensive Cure for Sepsis
Vitamin C is well-known for its ability to prevent and treat infectious diseases. Previous research has shown it effectively lowers pro-inflammatory cytokines and C-reactive protein.10,11,12 Influenza,13 encephalitis and measles14 have all been successfully treated with high-dose vitamin C.
Studies have even shown vitamin C is selectively cytotoxic to cancer cells by generating hydrogen peroxide when administered intravenously (IV) in high doses. It also has a number of heart and cardiovascular benefits.
The anti-infective power of vitamin C has now been demonstrated yet again by Dr. Paul Marik, a critical care doctor at Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in East Virginia.
Last January, when faced with yet another deathly ill patient, Marik decided to try a combination of intravenous (IV) vitamin C with hydrocortisone as a last-ditch effort to save the woman’s life.15
He’d recently read a colleague’s paper on vitamin C, and he knew vitamin C acts like the steroid hydrocortisone, so on a hunch, he administered the two together. It worked. While everyone expected her to die, the woman made a remarkable overnight recovery. As reported by NBC4i News:16

“The staff couldn’t believe it, so they tried it again and again — with the same results. They added a third element, thiamine, to the IV treatment as well. Today, they have used the treatment on about 150 patients and they say the result is the same …


A researcher at Old Dominion University, John Catravas, Ph.D., … did an independent lab study that confirms the treatment’s effectiveness.”

Interestingly, Marik used a relatively small amount of vitamin C — only 1.5 grams IV. Most natural medicine physicians tend to use 25 grams or more when giving IV vitamin C, more than 20 times the dose used here. One can only wonder how much more effective a larger dose would be.
It’s All About the Right Combination of Ingredients

For the first two or three patients, only vitamin C and hydrocortisone were used. Marik then decided to add thiamine for a number of reasons. Importantly, it’s required for metabolism of some of the metabolites of vitamin C.
Research has also shown many patients with sepsis are vitamin deficient, and when thiamine is given, it reduces mortality. Septic shock patients who receive thiamine have also been shown to have a reduced risk of renal failure.
Marik’s retrospective before-after clinical study,17,18 published in the journal Chest, showed that giving patients IV vitamin C with hydrocortisone and thiamine (vitamin B1) for two days reduced mortality nearly five-fold, from 40 percent to 8.5 percent.
Of the 50 patients treated, only four died — and none of them actually died from sepsis. They died from their underlying disease.
Interestingly, further lab testing found that while neither vitamin C nor hydrocortisone alone are able to prevent cell death following exposure to toxins produced by bacteria, when given in combination, the concoction does protect the cells. Turns out Marik’s hunch had been a truly inspired one.
Other research has also shown thiamine reduces mortality from sepsis and helps protect against renal failure, which is why Marik decided to add it to his mixture.
The treatment has now become part of the hospital’s standard of care for sepsis, and will hopefully become standard of care for sepsis elsewhere as well. As noted by Marik, sepsis kills about 1,000 people each day in the U.S. — that’s like having three jumbo jets crash each day.
Sepsis kills more than breast cancer, colon cancer and AIDS combined, and here’s a treatment that is not only profoundly effective, but also has no side effects and is inexpensive, readily available and simple to administer. Patients and doctors really have nothing to lose by trying it.
Potential Contraindication
While more research is needed to validate the findings, vitamin C and thiamine (vitamin B1) administration is so safe there’s really no need to avoid it. It certainly isn’t going to make the situation worse — unless you happen to be glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficient (a genetic disorder).19
G6PD is an enzyme your red blood cells need to maintain membrane integrity. High-dose IV vitamin C is a strong pro-oxidant, and giving a pro-oxidant to a G6PD-deficient individual can cause their red blood cells to rupture, which could have disastrous consequences.
Fortunately, G6PC deficiency is relatively uncommon, and can be tested for. People of Mediterranean and African decent are at greater risk of being G6PC deficient. Worldwide, G6PD deficiency is thought to affect 400 million individuals, and in the U.S., an estimated 1 in 10 African American males have it.20
Anecdotal Evidence Suggests Near-Infrared Light May Protect Against Kidney Failure
On a side note, your risk of kidney failure — which is a very common outcome of sepsis — may be reduced or prevented by shining a near-infrared light on the area. I know, that sounds too amazing to be true, but according to Michael Hamblin, Ph.D., a photodynamic therapy researcher, the anecdotal evidence for this is quite strong.

“Kidney failure is the third leading cause of death. These are old folks who are dying from kidney failure. You can’t really give them transplants because they’re elderly. You put a near-infrared LED array where their kidneys are and it seems to work like a dream. [But] it’s hardly been studied at all,” Hamblin said. Again, the worst that could happen is nothing, as red and near-infrared light (630 to 830 nanometer range) is quite safe.

Other Health Benefits of Thiamine
Thiamine or vitamin B1,21 found in pork, dark leafy greens, wheat germ, green peas, lentils and nuts,22 is perhaps best known for its role in cellular production of energy and supporting normal neuronal activity. However, it also has a wide range of other health benefits.23 According to the Mayo Clinic, studies confirm thiamine can be helpful for a long list of diseases and disorders, including:24

Metabolic and mitochondrial disorders
Blood clots and clogged arteries
Cerebellar ataxia (movement disorder caused by neurological damage)
Coma
Kidney dysfunction

Research25 published in 2013 also found thiamine supplementation can improve cardiac function in those with heart failure. Overall, patients with heart failure tend to be deficient in thiamine, as well as other micronutrients. Thiamine deficiency has also been linked to delirium,26 thyroid fatigue and Hashimoto’s (a thyroid autoimmune disorder).27 These and other health effects may help explain why thiamine works so well (in conjunction with vitamin C and hydrocortisone) for sepsis.
For general health purposes, adult men and women need about 1.2 and 1.1 milligrams (mg) of thiamine respectively each day. Also be aware that thiamine conversion is dependent on having sufficient amounts of sulfur. Good sources of dietary sulfur include organic pastured eggs, legumes, garlic, onion, Brussel sprouts, asparagus, kale and wheat germ.
Moreover, all B vitamins, including thiamine, are produced within your gut28 provided you have a healthy gut microbiome. So, eating real food, ideally organic, along with fermented foods will provide your microbiome with important fiber and beneficial bacteria to help optimize your internal vitamin B production.
To Avoid Sepsis, Understand the Cause
With sepsis affecting more than a million Americans each year, how can you avoid becoming a statistic? First, be aware that ANY infection can lead to sepsis. While it’s typically associated with hospital-acquired infections, nearly half of all cases are in fact the result of an infection acquired outside a hospital setting.29
Part of what makes it so deadly is that people typically do not suspect it, and the longer you wait to treat it, the deadlier it gets. As noted in a special report on sepsis by Consumer Reports:30

“Whenever the body develops an infection, the immune system normally kicks in, producing chemicals to fight the infection. But sometimes — either because the triggering bacteria is unusually powerful or because the person’s immune system is already weakened by other health problems — those chemicals are set loose in the bloodstream and course through the body.


Instead of just fighting the local infection, those chemicals unleashed by the immune system cause widespread inflammation and damage tissues in the liver, kidneys, heart and other organs. Within hours, blood clots can begin to form, and damage to blood vessels causes blood pressure to drop, which in turn slows the delivery of vital nutrients to those organs already under attack. In the final stages, the heart weakens and organs begin to fail.”

According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), you’re at higher risk for sepsis if you have:

Chronic disease. A vast majority — 7 out of 10 — of people who develop sepsis have some kind of chronic health condition. Those with diabetes, lung, kidney or liver disease tend to be particularly susceptible to infection, which raises the risk.
Weakened immune system, AIDS or cancer.
Recently spent time in a hospital, nursing home or other health care facility, as exposure to infection-causing bacteria is common in these places.

Common Sense Strategies to Reduce Your Risk of Sepsis
While health care workers have a responsibility to prevent infections that could potentially turn septic and to educate patients about warning signs of sepsis, you can lower your own risk by:
Promptly treating urinary tract infections (UTIs). UTIs are the second most common type of infection in the body, sending more than 8 million people to their health care providers every year in the U.S. alone,31 and one-quarter of sepsis cases are related to urinary tract infections.
Conventional treatment typically involves antibiotics, but research shows 90 percent of UTIs can be successfully treated with D-Mannose, a naturally occurring sugar that’s closely related to glucose. To learn more, see “D-Mannose for UTI Prevention Validated in a Clinical Trial.”

•Properly clean skin wounds. About 1 in 10 sepsis cases are due to skin infections, so always take the time to properly clean and care for wounds and scrapes. Wash the wound with mild soap and water to clean out dirt and debris, then cover with a sterile bandage. Diabetics should follow good foot care to avoid dangerous foot infections.
•Avoid infections in hospitals. When visiting a health care facility, be sure to wash your own hands, and remind doctors and nurses to wash theirs (and/or change gloves) before touching you or any equipment being used on you.
If you have to undergo a colonoscopy or other testing using a flexible medical scope, remember to call and ask how they clean their scopes and what kind of cleaning solution they use. If the answer is glutaraldehyde (brand name Cidex), find another hospital or clinic — one that uses peracetic acid. This preliminary legwork will significantly decrease your risk of contracting an infection from a contaminated scope.
In the video below, Andrew Saul, Ph.D., co-author of the book, “Hospitals and Health: Your Orthomolecular Guide to a Shorter, Safer Hospital Stay,” discusses the dangers of hospital stays, the type of patient that tends to get killed the most, and how you can protect your health and life in the event you have to spend time in a hospital.
April 05, 2017 | 11,342 views
http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2017/04/05/vitamin-c-b1-hydrocortisone-reduce-sepsis-mortality.aspx?utm_source=dnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art1&utm_campaign=20170405Z2&et_cid=DM141720&et_rid=1956029126



By Dr. MercolaSepsis1 is a progressive disease process caused by an aggressive, dysfunctional immune response to an infection in the bloodstream. It starts with symptoms of infection that can progress to septic shock.Unless treated — and the earlier the better — sepsis can result in extremely low blood pressure that is unresponsive to fluid replacement, weakening of the heart, and multiple-organ failure.Sepsis is a common hospital-acquired infection,2,3 but common illnesses such as bronchitis, pneumonia, strep throat or kidney infection can also turn septic, as can localized infections caused by bacteria, fungi or viruses.The condition becomes particularly problematic and deadly if the infection involves methicillin-resistant or vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA or VRSA) bacteria.Each year, an estimated 1 million Americans get sepsis4 and up to half of them die.5,6,7 Treatment can be a challenge, and is becoming even more so as drug-resistant infections become more prevalent.According to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, sepsis is the most expensive condition being treated in U.S. hospitals, costing more than $20 billion in 20118 and $24 billion in 2014.9The good news is a critical care physician just may have found a way to save tens of thousands of lives and billions of dollars each year using two readily available vitamins and a steroid.Vitamin C and Thiamin — An Inexpensive Cure for SepsisVitamin C is well-known for its ability to prevent and treat infectious diseases. Previous research has shown it effectively lowers pro-inflammatory cytokines and C-reactive protein.10,11,12 Influenza,13 encephalitis and measles14 have all been successfully treated with high-dose vitamin C.Studies have even shown vitamin C is selectively cytotoxic to cancer cells by generating hydrogen peroxide when administered intravenously (IV) in high doses. It also has a number of heart and cardiovascular benefits.The anti-infective power of vitamin C has now been demonstrated yet again by Dr. Paul Marik, a critical care doctor at Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in East Virginia.Last January, when faced with yet another deathly ill patient, Marik decided to try a combination of intravenous (IV) vitamin C with hydrocortisone as a last-ditch effort to save the woman’s life.15He’d recently read a colleague’s paper on vitamin C, and he knew vitamin C acts like the steroid hydrocortisone, so on a hunch, he administered the two together. It worked. While everyone expected her to die, the woman made a remarkable overnight recovery. As reported by NBC4i News:16“The staff couldn’t believe it, so they tried it again and again — with the same results. They added a third element, thiamine, to the IV treatment as well. Today, they have used the treatment on about 150 patients and they say the result is the same …A researcher at Old Dominion University, John Catravas, Ph.D., … did an independent lab study that confirms the treatment’s effectiveness.”Interestingly, Marik used a relatively small amount of vitamin C — only 1.5 grams IV. Most natural medicine physicians tend to use 25 grams or more when giving IV vitamin C, more than 20 times the dose used here. One can only wonder how much more effective a larger dose would be.It’s All About the Right Combination of IngredientsFor the first two or three patients, only vitamin C and hydrocortisone were used. Marik then decided to add thiamine for a number of reasons. Importantly, it’s required for metabolism of some of the metabolites of vitamin C.Research has also shown many patients with sepsis are vitamin deficient, and when thiamine is given, it reduces mortality. Septic shock patients who receive thiamine have also been shown to have a reduced risk of renal failure.Marik’s retrospective before-after clinical study,17,18 published in the journal Chest, showed that giving patients IV vitamin C with hydrocortisone and thiamine (vitamin B1) for two days reduced mortality nearly five-fold, from 40 percent to 8.5 percent.Of the 50 patients treated, only four died — and none of them actually died from sepsis. They died from their underlying disease.Interestingly, further lab testing found that while neither vitamin C nor hydrocortisone alone are able to prevent cell death following exposure to toxins produced by bacteria, when given in combination, the concoction does protect the cells. Turns out Marik’s hunch had been a truly inspired one.Other research has also shown thiamine reduces mortality from sepsis and helps protect against renal failure, which is why Marik decided to add it to his mixture.The treatment has now become part of the hospital’s standard of care for sepsis, and will hopefully become standard of care for sepsis elsewhere as well. As noted by Marik, sepsis kills about 1,000 people each day in the U.S. — that’s like having three jumbo jets crash each day.Sepsis kills more than breast cancer, colon cancer and AIDS combined, and here’s a treatment that is not only profoundly effective, but also has no side effects and is inexpensive, readily available and simple to administer. Patients and doctors really have nothing to lose by trying it.Potential ContraindicationWhile more research is needed to validate the findings, vitamin C and thiamine (vitamin B1) administration is so safe there’s really no need to avoid it. It certainly isn’t going to make the situation worse — unless you happen to be glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficient (a genetic disorder).19G6PD is an enzyme your red blood cells need to maintain membrane integrity. High-dose IV vitamin C is a strong pro-oxidant, and giving a pro-oxidant to a G6PD-deficient individual can cause their red blood cells to rupture, which could have disastrous consequences.Fortunately, G6PC deficiency is relatively uncommon, and can be tested for. People of Mediterranean and African decent are at greater risk of being G6PC deficient. Worldwide, G6PD deficiency is thought to affect 400 million individuals, and in the U.S., an estimated 1 in 10 African American males have it.20Anecdotal Evidence Suggests Near-Infrared Light May Protect Against Kidney FailureOn a side note, your risk of kidney failure — which is a very common outcome of sepsis — may be reduced or prevented by shining a near-infrared light on the area. I know, that sounds too amazing to be true, but according to Michael Hamblin, Ph.D., a photodynamic therapy researcher, the anecdotal evidence for this is quite strong.“Kidney failure is the third leading cause of death. These are old folks who are dying from kidney failure. You can’t really give them transplants because they’re elderly. You put a near-infrared LED array where their kidneys are and it seems to work like a dream. [But] it’s hardly been studied at all,” Hamblin said. Again, the worst that could happen is nothing, as red and near-infrared light (630 to 830 nanometer range) is quite safe.Other Health Benefits of ThiamineThiamine or vitamin B1,21 found in pork, dark leafy greens, wheat germ, green peas, lentils and nuts,22 is perhaps best known for its role in cellular production of energy and supporting normal neuronal activity. However, it also has a wide range of other health benefits.23 According to the Mayo Clinic, studies confirm thiamine can be helpful for a long list of diseases and disorders, including:24Research25 published in 2013 also found thiamine supplementation can improve cardiac function in those with heart failure. Overall, patients with heart failure tend to be deficient in thiamine, as well as other micronutrients. Thiamine deficiency has also been linked to delirium,26 thyroid fatigue and Hashimoto’s (a thyroid autoimmune disorder).27 These and other health effects may help explain why thiamine works so well (in conjunction with vitamin C and hydrocortisone) for sepsis.For general health purposes, adult men and women need about 1.2 and 1.1 milligrams (mg) of thiamine respectively each day. Also be aware that thiamine conversion is dependent on having sufficient amounts of sulfur. Good sources of dietary sulfur include organic pastured eggs, legumes, garlic, onion, Brussel sprouts, asparagus, kale and wheat germ.Moreover, all B vitamins, including thiamine, are produced within your gut28 provided you have a healthy gut microbiome. So, eating real food, ideally organic, along with fermented foods will provide your microbiome with important fiber and beneficial bacteria to help optimize your internal vitamin B production.To Avoid Sepsis, Understand the CauseWith sepsis affecting more than a million Americans each year, how can you avoid becoming a statistic? First, be aware that ANY infection can lead to sepsis. While it’s typically associated with hospital-acquired infections, nearly half of all cases are in fact the result of an infection acquired outside a hospital setting.29Part of what makes it so deadly is that people typically do not suspect it, and the longer you wait to treat it, the deadlier it gets. As noted in a special report on sepsis by Consumer Reports:30“Whenever the body develops an infection, the immune system normally kicks in, producing chemicals to fight the infection. But sometimes — either because the triggering bacteria is unusually powerful or because the person’s immune system is already weakened by other health problems — those chemicals are set loose in the bloodstream and course through the body.Instead of just fighting the local infection, those chemicals unleashed by the immune system cause widespread inflammation and damage tissues in the liver, kidneys, heart and other organs. Within hours, blood clots can begin to form, and damage to blood vessels causes blood pressure to drop, which in turn slows the delivery of vital nutrients to those organs already under attack. In the final stages, the heart weakens and organs begin to fail.”According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), you’re at higher risk for sepsis if you have:Common Sense Strategies to Reduce Your Risk of SepsisWhile health care workers have a responsibility to prevent infections that could potentially turn septic and to educate patients about warning signs of sepsis, you can lower your own risk by:Promptly treating urinary tract infections (UTIs). UTIs are the second most common type of infection in the body, sending more than 8 million people to their health care providers every year in the U.S. alone,31 and one-quarter of sepsis cases are related to urinary tract infections.Conventional treatment typically involves antibiotics, but research shows 90 percent of UTIs can be successfully treated with D-Mannose, a naturally occurring sugar that’s closely related to glucose. To learn more, see “D-Mannose for UTI Prevention Validated in a Clinical Trial.”•Properly clean skin wounds. About 1 in 10 sepsis cases are due to skin infections, so always take the time to properly clean and care for wounds and scrapes. Wash the wound with mild soap and water to clean out dirt and debris, then cover with a sterile bandage. Diabetics should follow good foot care to avoid dangerous foot infections.•Avoid infections in hospitals. When visiting a health care facility, be sure to wash your own hands, and remind doctors and nurses to wash theirs (and/or change gloves) before touching you or any equipment being used on you.If you have to undergo a colonoscopy or other testing using a flexible medical scope, remember to call and ask how they clean their scopes and what kind of cleaning solution they use. If the answer is glutaraldehyde (brand name Cidex), find another hospital or clinic — one that uses peracetic acid. This preliminary legwork will significantly decrease your risk of contracting an infection from a contaminated scope.In the video below, Andrew Saul, Ph.D., co-author of the book, “Hospitals and Health: Your Orthomolecular Guide to a Shorter, Safer Hospital Stay,” discusses the dangers of hospital stays, the type of patient that tends to get killed the most, and how you can protect your health and life in the event you have to spend time in a hospital.April 05, 2017 | 11,342 viewshttp://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2017/04/05/vitamin-c-b1-hydrocortisone-reduce-sepsis-mortality.aspx?utm_source=dnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art1&utm_campaign=20170405Z2&et_cid=DM141720&et_rid=1956029126








Natural Blaze.com By Brianna Acuesta It takes just a few minutes to absorb the mercury from an entire lake. Scientists from the University of Minnesota College of Food, Agricultural and Natural Sciences justinvented a device that many are calling a “super sponge” that can absorb mercury from polluted water in a matter of seconds. With the many water crises occurring around the world, it’s more important than ever to develop tools like this sponge to help combat a growing problem.Though the problem seemingly plaguing U.S. citizens right now is lead being found in tap water, mercury in water is a viable problem as well. Just in the state where this sponge was created, Minnesota, two-thirds of the bodies of water on the Impaired Waters List were found to be primarily impaired by mercury contamination. This is significant and may now be a problem of the past if the sponge proves effective for large bodies of water.Several sources have cited this as an example:“Think of it this way: if Como Lake in St. Paul was contaminated with mercury at the EPA limit, the sponge needed to remove all of the mercury would be the size of a basketball.”It’s absolutely incredible that such a small tool could accomplish this in so little time. According to the study, it would take just a few seconds for the sponge to soak up the mercury in the tap water in someone’s home, or as little as 5 minutes to remove mercury from industrial wastewater.With intense mercury absorption properties, the toxic chemical is attracted to the sponge, which then converts it into a non-toxic complex so that the sponge can be easily disposed of in a landfill. The sponge is also antibacterial and antimicrobial.Mercury in drinking water isn’t the only thing to be concerned about; mercury is largely found in fish that are taken from lakes contaminated with mercury, which, if eaten, can harm the organs in people of all ages. The people that are most at-risk are pregnant women, because their newborns can be affected by the mercury as well. In Minnesota’s North Shore, 10% of newborns recently tested were found to have mercury concentrations in their system that were above the EPA limit. This means that, despite warnings and prevention techniques, people still find themselves constantly exposed to the substance.READ MORE“Blazing a path to natural health and wellness. Get natural health news, remedies and tips at naturalblaze.com”








http://kevbakershow.com/The post Mystery Of The Vanishing UFO Researcher & Our Weird World appeared first on Kev Baker Show.THE KEV BAKER SHOW, EP#694Johnny Whistles & Kev are back with another LIVE show and they cover the strange disappearance of a young Brazilian man after he had locked himself in his room for a month. During his time in his room he wrote 14 manuscripts in a cypher & there were symbols and diagrams all over the ceilings, walls & floor. What information was this young man tapping into? Where did he go?This sets us off into a conversation about the pyramids in south America & Whistles brings up TWO NEW PYRAMIDS that have just recently been discovered, one in Egypt and the other on Easter Island. Just what was the ancient world like, and what were the pyramids true purpose/function?All this and so much more on KBS LIVE!MISSING UFO RESEARCHER…Bruno Borges, the son of local entrepreneur Athos Borges has recently disappeared from his family home in the Brazilian province of Acres.According to his parents, the young man was outstandingly smart and had always manifested a strong interest in what some might call ‘forbidden knowledge.’Prior to his disappearance on March 27, Bruno had kept his room locked for a month. During this period, he covered numerous pages in cryptic handwriting and then covered the walls, floor, ceiling and furniture in his room with said pages.CONTINUE READING…Just what happened to the young man Bruno Borjes remains to be seen & lets hope this story has some explainable & happy ending.NEW PYRAMIDSRead more (use google translate)… http://areazone51ufos.blogspot.co.uk/2017/04/les-restes-dune-pyramide-vieille-de.htmlThe post Mystery Of The Vanishing UFO Researcher & Our Weird World appeared first on Kev Baker Show.http://kevbakershow.com/








http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTmmDW_YYZg








Check out these super creepy recordings of the “Screaming Woods” of the Umatilla Indian Reservation.
 
Thanks http://bigfootevidence.blogspot.com/ Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








What’s brightly colored, lives on shipwrecks, filter-feeds like a whale, and shoots webs like Spiderman? If you can’t readily come up with an answer, that’s okay: until now, such animals weren’t known to science. But as of today, scientists have announced the discovery of a new species of snail that ticks all those boxes. According to its discoverer, the snail shows “amazing adaptations and are kind of cute,” and it could play an important role in coral reef restoration work.
“These worm-snails are particularly weird animals,” says Dr. Rüdiger Bieler, Curator of Invertebrates at Chicago’s Field Museum and the lead author of a paper in the journal PeerJ (https://www.peerj.com/articles/3158/) describing the new snails. “And while we find lots of unusual snails, this one could have a substantial impact on coral reef restoration efforts.”
Worm snail shell with mucus net

Credit: Rudiger Bieler, The Field Museum
 
Instead of having coiled shells like most snails, worm-snails have irregularly-shaped tubular shells that they cement onto a hard surface. And while most snails are slow movers, adult worm-snails don’t move at all—instead, they stick to one spot for the rest of their lives. That makes them good candidates to live on hard surfaces like ships and coral reefs. The new species, Thylacodes vandyensis, is named for the “Vandy,” the nickname the SCUBA diving community has given to the USNS General Hoyt S. Vandenberg, a retired naval vessel intentionally sunk to serve as an artificial reef in the lower Florida Keys. This ship is the only place the new worm-snails have ever been found, glued to the vessel’s hull.What’s brightly colored, lives on shipwrecks, filter-feeds like a whale, and shoots webs like Spiderman? If you can’t readily come up with an answer, that’s okay: until now, such animals weren’t known to science. But as of today, scientists have announced the discovery of a new species of snail that ticks all those boxes. According to its discoverer, the snail shows “amazing adaptations and are kind of cute,” and it could play an important role in coral reef restoration work.“These worm-snails are particularly weird animals,” says Dr. Rüdiger Bieler, Curator of Invertebrates at Chicago’s Field Museum and the lead author of a paper in the journal PeerJ (https://www.peerj.com/articles/3158/) describing the new snails. “And while we find lots of unusual snails, this one could have a substantial impact on coral reef restoration efforts.”
Credit: Rudiger Bieler, The Field Museum
 “I first got interested in these guys when I saw their giant slime glands,” says Bieler. “Normally, snails produce a trail of slime so that they can glide on it in order to move. But worm-snails are stationary—what did they need slime glands for?”It turns out, these snails don’t use their slime to move—they use it to hunt.“The snails have an extra pair of tentacles down near the base of their body, almost like little arms. These tentacles are what they use to shoot slime,” explains Bieler. “They shoot out a mucous web, just like Spiderman – although in slow motion. Then, microorganisms get stuck in the web, and the snails use their mouths to pull the web back in and strain the food through barbs on their tongues called radulae in order to eat. They filter-feed, much like baleen whales.”








Baal means lord, in the sense of owner, possessor (or master). Jaguar released an advertisement commercial titled “Master Plan” for their next generation vehicle the Jaguar XE with a big budget campaign starring A-class celebrities including: Tom Hiddleston (known for his role as ‘Loki’ in The Avengers) and Nicholas Hoult (known for his role as the ‘Beast’ in X-men: First Class). Baal is synonymous with Ba’al or Beelzebub, ‘The Lord of the Flies’ and is depicted throughout the ages as a bull horned deity, which is exactly the dark character Loki portrays:Let’s just say.. this goes far deeper than anyone could imagine.FEATURED VIDEO:Note from the Video Director:The arch of Baal is telegraphing what is coming. The new Jaguar commercial is the same spirit showing you Baal’s nefarious plans.“These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the beast.” (Revelation 17:13 KJV Holy Bible)There are three Jaguar commercials: Master Plan 1, Master Plan 2 and British Villains that all telegraph utter destruction and ultimate desolation for the human race, ‘the beast’ being unleashed throughout the world. This is extremely urgent and critical information!►For the complete, astounding, spiritual disclosure of all three Jaguar commercials revealing the enemies plans in plain sight and RED ALERT WARNING View Here.
 For more wild revelations and hidden truths brought to light, we welcome you to visit: KEYS TO THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN   Recent Headlines:








We have lived to see the most dramatic social, political, and economic advances of any century in history. The 1900s began with a limited use of electricity – without radio, television, planes, and missiles; without electronic computers, modern weapons, and atomic bombs. Technology has now moved man into a modern era, which witnesses more change in the course of a year than formerly took place in a century.Gigantic manufacturing complexes have arisen. Millions of people have moved from the rural areas to the city. Modern travel has shrunk the world so that everyone is everyone else’s neighbor.Luxuries, comforts, and pleasure unknown in previous generations have become commonplace. The electronic media has brought wars and disasters, world leaders and propagandists directly into our living rooms. Television transmission via satellite now makes it possible for the entire world to experience swiftly changing events simultaneously.The shock of rapid change in turn has produced family and social crises, tension between nations, fear of atomic war, and struggle for survival in the world threatened by pollution, starvation, and moral disintegration. The rapidly increasing tempo of change in modern life has given the entire world the sense of impending crisis.Civilization is moving at a rapidly acceleration rate like a gigantic machine which will ultimately tear itself apart. How long can a world exist with atomic bombs unused? With increasing population and decreasing food supply? With growing moral degeneracy threatening to destroy our civilization? How long can world tensions be kept in check? How long can a world struggling for survival be kept from a bloodbath?The ingenuity of man has devised means of human destruction, which would seem incredible to a previous generation. The world is moving toward a gigantic crisis. Can it be that the prophets of doom are right? Is the world racing toward Armageddon, a divine judgment on a wicked world – the end of human history?Quick life hacks: There’s a new way to bring nearly any type of old battery back to life…brand new. This method works with nearly every type of battery out there …and it’s simple and quick.In case you’re wondering, you’ll be able to bring car, phone, and laptop batteries back to life with this. It even works with solar/off-grid, marine, golf cart, and forklift batteries. Plus, many more! >> Click here to learn how to bring your dead batteries back to life again <<With this recondition battery secret, you won’t have to buy new expensive batteries anymore. You can just recondition your old, used batteries and save a lot of money! And this new video presentation shows you how:Prophecy has never been the sole domain of astrologers, mystics, and crystal ball gazers. For centuries, Christians have considered the message of true prophets to be God’s revelation of His plan for human history. The Old Testament records the lives and works of many great prophets – Moses, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Daniel, Micah, and others. These men predicted future events in vivid detail, including the rise and fall of every major world empire, which left its mark on the Middle East. Some of their predictions came true within their lifetimes, and many of their astounding predictions seem to be coming to pass today.Jesus Himself assumed the role of a prophet as He quoted from Moses, Isaiah, Daniel, Jeremiah, and Micah – many times adding interpretive comments and detailed predictions of His own. His words have been confirmed by the test of time. Jesus’ prediction of the fall of Jerusalem in Luke 21 is so vivid that the early church in Jerusalem was able to escape almost certain destruction by fleeing the city before Titus destroyed it in AD 70.As it was then, even so it is today. Crucial predictions about Jerusalem and the nation of Israel are, in fact, necessary to understand the carefully predicted chain of events, which will mark the last days of our civilization. Jesus predicted the persecution of the church, the fall of Jerusalem with the destruction of the Temple, the shattering and scattering of the Jews to all the nations of the world, and He predicted the amazing survival and growth of churches. Along with the Old Testament prophets, He saw a time with Israel would be re-established as a nation. All this has been realized in history.However, He also warned those who understood the Old Testament prophets to watch Jerusalem and the Middle East for signs of the approaching end of world civilization, the end of the times of the Gentiles. Jesus said that the Jews”…shall fall be the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled” (Luke 21:24).The Jewish people are now back in the land. Jerusalem, the city of dispute or negotiation, was won in 1967 only to become the object of a diplomatic tug-of-war. What is the future of the holy city? If the times of the Gentiles are, in fact, nearing an end, what will happen next? Is there a sure word about tomorrow? Is it a word of hope or a word of doom? People are asking questions today about the future as never before, and they are solemn questions, and they are searching questions. Only the Bible has clear answers. For this reason, biblical prophecy is being probed for clues today as to where we are in God’s program and what great events may be shortly coming to pass.Prophecies formerly brushed aside as being incredible are now being studied again. Students of the Bible are becoming increasingly aware of a remarkable correspondence between the obvious trend of world events and what the Scripture predicted centuries ago. People in all walks of life and of all religious faiths are asking the same question: What does the future hold?Unlike the self-proclaimed prophets of today, the prophets of the Bible did not peddle vague and general predictions that could be adjusted to any situation. The prophecies recorded in the Bible are detailed and intricately interwoven. Although interpretation of minor points may vary, the overall picture is frighteningly clear. The Bible does not simply speak of a final destructive world war, but of a series of carefully timed events on a doomsday calendar leading to Armageddon.Armageddon has come to describe anyone’s worst fear of the end of the world. The prophets have described it more specifically as the final suicidal battle of a desperate world struggle centered in the Middle East. This is the final act in a terrifying series of events, which are very much related to today’s headlines. This final history-shattering battle will occur on schedule at a specific time and in its predicted location.Word of the day: Prepare! And do it the old fashion way, like our fore-fathers did it and succeed long before us, because what lies ahead of us will require all the help we can get. Watch this video and learn the 3 skills that ensured our ancestors survival in hard times of  famine and war.The name Armageddon actually comes from a Hebrew word meaning the Mount of Megiddo, a small mountain located in northern Palestine at the end of a broad valley.This valley has been the scene of many military conflicts in the past and will be the focal point of this great future conflict. The final countdown involves years rather than days.Even before the countdown, several preliminary moves, which are predicted in the Bible, will shake the political, economic, and religious climate necessary for end time events. These preliminary moves are now falling into place in rapid succession. As these moves are completed, a more specific timetable of events can begin. The final countdown involves a brief period of preparation, plus seven more years – possibly three and a half years of comparative peace and three and a half years of unparalleled disaster and war climaxing at Armageddon.A careful study of history and the Bible is necessary to put the Armageddon calendar together. The re-establishment of the nation of Israel in the Middle East was the necessary start. Then came the series of Israeli-Arab wars threatening to bring the United States and Russia into direct clash over the Middle East. Prophecy seems to indicate that Israel will not be destroyed by war. Instead, Israel will eventually be betrayed and forced to accept an outside settlement at the peace table.Witchcraft, satan worship, and demonism will become increasingly prevalent throughout the world. World leaders will seek alliance with religious leaders to consolidate their powers in a modern culture as strange and mystical as the Dark Ages. World events during these days are setting the stage, but the precise countdown of seven years will begin with the confirmation of some kind of a covenant in Jerusalem.Centralization of PowerDuring the preliminary moves, the international balance of power will become more and more concentrated in a confederacy of Mediterranean and European nations. Someday, there will arise an international leader, one man who will eventually emerge to superimpose a peace settlement on the Middle East and the more militant Arabs. This will bring an era of false peace, a move toward disarmament, and a major push for a new world economic system. In the first three and one-half years of the Tribulation, I think the picture will be as a calm before the storm as this new world leader consolidates his power. The last three and one-half years will contain a series of almost inconceivable catastrophes.Somewhere during this menagerie of prophetic events, Russia will attempt a final bid for power in the Middle East, and her armies will be supernaturally destroyed. The balance of political power will then swing decisively to the new strongman controlling the world confederacy.As satan’s man of the hour he will attempt to destroy Israel, who will then be disarmed and at peace.In the fashion of the Babylonian and Roman emperors, he will deify himself and demand the worship of the world. Jews, professing Christians and minorities of all kinds will be caught in the worldwide persecution that will exceed Hitler’s methodical massacre of the Jews during World War II.The world will begin to come apart at the seams worse than any ecologist’s nightmare. Acts of man and acts of God will combine to cause great disturbances in the world and in the solar system.Meteors will plummet to earth wreaking destruction, and planets will run off their courses causing chaotic changes in climate.Unnatural heat and cold, flooding and other disasters will wipe out much of the food production of the world. Great famines will cause millions to perish. Strange new epidemics will sweep the world killing missions in spite of all that modern medicine can do.As the period draws to a close, earthquakes will level the great cities of the world, and geographic upheavals will cause mountains and islands to disappear into the sea.Disaster after disaster will reduce world population in the course of a few years to a fraction of its present billions. Topping even these disasters will come a world war of unprecedented proportions. Hundreds of millions of men will pour into the Middle East in a gigantic world power struggle.The Middle East will become the scene of the greatest war of history. Great armies from the south representing the millions of Africa will pour into the battle arena. Other great armies from the north will descend on Palestine. Climaxing the struggle will be millions of men from the Orient led by Red China who will cross the Euphrates River and join the fray. Locked in this deadly struggle, millions of men will perish in the greatest war of history. This is what the Bible describes as…ArmageddonHowever, before the war is finally resolved and a victor determined, I am happy to say that the Lord Jesus Christ will come back in power and great glory from heaven. His coming, accompanied by millions of angels and saints, is described in graphic terms in Revelation 19. He will destroy the armies of the world, set up His own kingdom, and rule the earth as King of kings. Changes necessary to make the present situation conform to the prophetic anticipation of Daniel could take place rapidly in today’s world. Certain conditions, however, are absolutely necessary before the final peace settlement can occur.First, Israel has to be back in the land before such a peace treaty would be possible. Israel’s return to the land in 1948 and her recognition as a political state constitute an important first step. The military conflict and constant turmoil ever since have set the stage for just such a peace treaty.What form will the future peace settlement take? In view of the many surprises in the Middle East, it is hazardous to predict the precise form of such an agreement. Whatever its preliminary form, ultimately it must give Israel security from attack and freedom from the constant state of military defense. A general disarmament in the area may also be a part of the agreement.The key issue in the negotiations will be the city of Jerusalem itself, which Israel prizes more than any other possession. Undoubtedly, there will be a strong attempt to make Jerusalem an international city with free access not only for Jews, but for Christians and Muslims as well.How soon will such a future settlement come? No one can hazard a guess, but come it must. Armageddon is only a matter of time, and the world is rapidly moving toward that conclusion. But first, I see a Russian invasion to kick off the 7 years of tribulation.Ezekiel called it the battle of…Gog and Magog.Following the destruction, political power will shift to Europe, and a peace settlement between Israel and the Arabs will be imposed by the emerging antichrist.When the peace is finally made, it will be observed for only three and a half years. It is destined to be broken bringing devastating consequences for the world and terrible persecution for Israel. The breaking of the covenant will mark what Christ called the Great Tribulation, a time, which Jeremiah referred to in Jeremiah 37 as “the time of Jacob’s trouble.”The final persecution of Jews during the time of Jacob’s trouble will awaken Israel and awaken their understanding to what has taken place. All the hopes and illusions of the past will be stripped away. This clear fulfillment of prophecy will lead to the startling realization that the First coming of the Messiah is past and that His Second Coming is near. In the horror of the last three and a half years of the Tribulation, these new believers will cling to the hope of Christ’s Second Coming.Jesus prophesied that He would not come again until Israel would say, “Blessed is He that Cometh in the Name of the Lord.” Therefore, there will be no permanent peace until the Prince of Peace, the Lord Jesus Christ, returns in power and great glory to reign over the earth.Final WordWE ARE STRAYING AWAY FROM OUR ROOTS ON A DANGEROUS ROAD FROM WHICH THERE WILL BE NO TURNING BACK. AND THE GOOD AND BAD NEWS IS THAT WE ARE THE LAST GENERATION THAT CAN TRULY DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.WE NO LONGER KNOW HOW TO LIVE WITHOUT REFRIGERATORS, WITHOUT CARS, WITHOUT PHONES OR WITHOUT SUPERMARKETS.WHAT WILL YOU DO TOMORROW IF YOU SIMPLY ARE UNABLE TO BUY THINGS?Find all the answers  in this great book  ‘The Lost Ways‘ . Learn the lost ways of our ancestors! Written by: J.R. Church








Revelation 3:6
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches.Reve;ation 2:11He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches. The one who is victorious will not be harmed by the second death.From BP EarthwatchWARNING. THE ANTICHRIST HAS APPEARED!I cannot put into words what this means, I am still trying to wrap my mind around what I know.. I know his name, prepare for the last days are here…








God’s language of prophesy is a challenge because it is a majestic and grand metaphor, a hugely poetical style.  The metaphors and poetry which He used were to provide the sovereign and supreme import, the full vision and implications of what became the actual or literal outcome.  The judgment was pronounced from heaven above in metaphors, given to His prophets, and then carried out with a literal consequence which was seen by those who were under God’s judgment.For instance, many Old Testament scriptures testify to the fury of God, and compare it to fire.Psa. 89:46, “ How long, Lord? wilt thou hide thyself for ever? shall thy wrath burn like fire?”  (KJV)Is. 66:15-16, “ For, lo, Jehovah in fire cometh, And as a hurricane His chariots, To refresh in fury His anger, And His rebuke in flames of fire.  16 For by fire and by His sword, Doth Jehovah do judgment with all flesh. And many have been Jehovah’s pierced ones.’“  (YLT)Jer. 4:4, “ Be circumcised to Jehovah, And turn aside the foreskins of your heart, O man of Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, Lest My fury go out as fire, and hath burned, And there is none quenching, Because of the evil of your doings.“  (YLT)Lam. 2:4, “He hath bent his bow like an enemy: he stood with his right hand as an adversary, and slew all that were pleasant to the eye in the tabernacle of the daughter of Zion: he poured out his fury like fire.“  (KJV)We can see from these scriptures the metaphor words “like” and “as” which compare God’s fury to fire.  Learning from these defined metaphors of the Old Testament, we then associate the prophetical word “fire” with God’s anger and judgment against the wicked people.Ezek. 19:12, “But she was plucked up in fury, she was cast down to the ground, and the east wind dried up her fruit: her strong rods were broken and withered; the fire consumed them.“  (KJV)Ezek. 23:25, “And I will set my jealousy against thee, and they shall deal furiously with thee: they shall take away thy nose and thine ears; and thy remnant shall fall by the sword: they shall take thy sons and thy daughters; and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire.“  (KJV)As the metaphor of fire speaks of the anger and judgment of God, then the verses that use the word “fire” are immediately associated with the judgment that He carried out.  You can just as easily replace the word “fire” with “Lord’s judgment”. The method of the actual, literal judgment sentence was not necessarily by a literal fire because he used both natural elements and foreign nations to achieve His judgment against the wicked ones He condemned.God’s judgment upon the sinful and wicked Sodom and Gomorrah was literally fire and brimstone.Gen 19:24, 28: “24Then the Lord rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven;…..28 And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the plain, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace.“  (KJV)The wicked people of Sodom and Gomorrah “saw” God in the fire and brimstone that rained down upon them.  But His judgment was not always executed by literal fire.  Sometimes it was carried out by bringing down a fierce warrior nation upon the condemned and wicked people.Isa. 34:2-5, “For the indignation of the Lord is upon all nations, and his fury upon all their armies: he hath utterly destroyed them, he hath delivered them to the slaughter.3 Their slain also shall be cast out, and their stink shall come up out of their carcases, and the mountains shall be melted with their blood.4 And all the host of heaven shall be dissolved, and the heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll: and all their host shall fall down, as the leaf falleth off from the vine, and as a falling fig from the fig tree.5 For my sword shall be bathed in heaven: behold, it shall come down upon Idumea, and upon the people of my curse, to judgment.”Isa. 66:16, “For by fire and by his sword will the Lord plead with all flesh: and the slain of the Lord shall be many.”  Jer. 9:9, 16:  “9Shall I not visit them for these things? saith the Lord: shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?… 16 I will scatter them also among the heathen, whom neither they nor their fathers have known: and I will send a sword after them, till I have consumed them.“So, when Christ told His disciples that there were some standing there that would see the Son of man coming in His kingdom (Matt. 16:28) and when He told Caiaphas that, “ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven,” (Matt 26:64), and when he told John, ” Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him” (Rev. 1:7), He meant that the people would see the outcome, the consequence and resulting action of the judgment.  They would “see” the resulting death and destruction.We can only learn the full meanings of the prophetic language of God from within His own words.  We must study the original source, and delve through the Old Testament to see these same words as they are found in the New Testament.  I guarantee you that much of the New Testament language that many people believe to be literal is still God’s prophetic judgment language of the Old Testament.   Here is one that most people have wrenched and turned inside out.2 Pet. 3:10, 10 But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.“This verse even tells us that it is speaking of the judgment of God; that “the day of the Lord” is the same meaning as in Zechariah 14:1-2.“Behold, the day of the Lord cometh, and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee.2 For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; and the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity, and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city.”A “day of the Lord” signified a time of judgment against a wicked people or nation. The first thing that should come to mind when we see these words is the judgment language of God that is found throughout all of the Old Testament.  The “elements shall melt with fervent heat” is the metaphor of the fire of God’s anger.Ezek. 22:20, “As they gather silver, and brass, and iron, and lead, and tin, into the midst of the furnace, to blow the fire upon it, to melt it; so will I gather you in mine anger and in my fury, and I will leave you there, and melt you.“The prophesy of Ezekiel 22 that God would gather the people into Jerusalem and melt them is the same prophesy of 2 Peter 3 of the elements being melted with fervent heat!  Both prophesied the destruction of Jerusalem and the Mosaic sacrificial temple.After God’s judgment was carried out, then a new and purified air for the people was set in place.  New “elements” or a new system was established, to refresh the order of living clean and pure to serve God without sin.  In the prophesy of bringing Israel out of the Babylonian captivity, Isaiah spoke of new elements… a new heaven and a new earth.Isa. 65:17-19, “17 For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.  18 But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy.  19 And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people: and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying.”God brought Jerusalem back into being after the tribes of Joseph and Judah returned from the Babylonian captivity.  They rebuilt Jerusalem according to God’s instructions (see Ezra and Nehemiah), and recreated the city with new purpose to live before God according to His laws.The creation of the new heavens and new earth in Isaiah chap. 65 was the contemporary historical recreation of Jerusalem (the earth) under the authority of the Levitical priesthood and hierarchy of the Judean political structure (heavens) decreed by God.Isa. 65:21-22, “21 And I will also take of them for priests and for Levites, saith the Lord.  22 For as the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall remain before me, saith the Lord, so shall your seed and your name remain.“Did God destroy the literal world and recreate it again after the remnant of Israel came out of Babylon?  No.  No more did He do so after the destruction of Jerusalem. It was a metaphor for the restored condition of the people to live under God’s sovereignty.  It looked forward to the new heavens and new earth under Christ.2 Pet. 3:13, “Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.“Rev. 21:1, “And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.“The meaning is the same as found in the Old Testament prophesy of a new system restored to God, with the “heavens” of the world nations under the authority of God and the “earth” being the people, specifically those who have put on Christ in the new heavenly covenant. Heb. 8:10-13, “ For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people:11 And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest.12 For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more.13 In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.“What was meant by old and new?  If there was to be a new covenant, a new heaven and earth, then the previous one was old, right?Rev. 21:2-3, “2 And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.  3 And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God.“The word “new” implied that the old covenant, and the old heaven and earth, and the old Jerusalem were gone.  They had vanished away.  The prophesy of Revelation foretold the destruction of Jerusalem, the destruction of the old heaven and earth covenant with Israel, the destruction of the old earthly tabernacle in that temple in Jerusalem. They were replaced with the new covenant of the new heaven and earth gospel of Christ whereby the people of God would worship Him in spirit and in truth (John 4:23-24), in a spiritual temple in a spiritual city of God (John 4:21), the new Jerusalem where His laws are written on our hearts for all those that are in Christ.That the new replaced the old is seen in the parable of the wine skins.Matt. 9:16-17, “16 No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse.17 Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved.“The meaning should be clear, that Christ told them a new covenant was to replace the old covenant.  It wasn’t going to be a patch job, nor a merging of the two, nor a mix of the old vintage with the new vintage.“No more sea” of Rev. 21:1 referred to the former distinction between the nation of the land and the nations of the sea.  The land, or earth in the Old Testament was most often Israel.  The opposite of land, “sea” was the metaphor for the idolatrous nations surrounding Israel, just as the sea or water surrounds the literal land. After the battle of Rev. chap. 19, after the destruction of Jerusalem, and of the persecuting powers of the beast of Rome, the new heaven and earth covenant of the gospel of Christ meant that all nations could now come back to the Father through Christ. Gal. 3:28-29, “There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus.  29 And if ye be Christ’s, then are ye Abraham’s seed, and heirs according to the promise.“Col. 3:11, “ Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in all.”So, no more sea!  It doesn’t matter now whether your flesh and blood lineage is of Israel, or Greece, or Britain, Russia, China, America, or Canada.  Every nation, every people of every land are invited, called through the gospel of Christ to come back to the Father, our Creator.  And, if we answer that call by being immersed in water for the forgiveness of our sins (Acts 2:38, Mark 16:16), then we are counted for the seed of Abraham, and we are the Israel which God established forever!  (Gal. 3:26 -28)Isa. 45:17, “But Israel shall be saved in the Lord with an everlasting salvation: ye shall not be ashamed nor confounded world without end.“Despite what many people believe, God was not speaking of restoring and reestablishing an earthly nation of Israel.  He was speaking of the new Israel, those faithful of Christ which are counted for the seed of Abraham, that are in His body, His church, and His New Jerusalem.  Those in Christ are the Israel which is saved “in the Lord with an everlasting salvation.”  (See also the post “God’s Definitions -Part I: The House of Israel.”)Therefore, Revelation’s new heavens and new earth are not a literal restoration of a clean environment, nor a literal restoration of a clean atmosphere.  Nor is the New Jerusalem a literal restoration of an earthly city of Jerusalem.  They are metaphors for the new covenant under the gospel of Christ.  The New Jerusalem was prepared as a bride (“as a” means metaphor) for her husband (Rev. 21:2).  She was / is the bride of Christ, which is the church of Christ. Therefore, the New Jerusalem is the same as the bride and the church of Christ.Furthermore, it did not signify the end of the physical world, nor the end of all political national existence.  Notice that after the new heaven and new earth creation of Rev. 21:1, and after the new Jerusalem came down out of heaven to be with men (Rev. 21:2), that verses 10 – 25 describe the walls and gates of the city.Walls separate those within from those without.  Those within are those that are in Christ.  Those without the city are those that are not in Christ.  Now you have the distinction that Paul made in both Galatians and Colossians, that the only difference God sees under the new covenant of the gospel of Christ is those that are in Christ and those that are not.Rev. 21:27, “And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb’s book of life.”This verse signifies the continuation of life after that battle of Rev. chap. 13 – 19.  That nothing abominable outside of the city would enter into it meant that life continued on after Christ won the victory. Again, we can derive the conclusion.  Revelation is not a prophesy of the end of the physical cosmos, nor of the end of the physical earth, nor of a destruction of the physical realm.  It was the prophesy to the first century Christians of the fulfillment of the Old Testament prophesy of Christ’s everlasting kingdom.  And, it came about during that generation in which Christ was made manifest on earth. See Matt. 12:41, 42, 45; 23:36; 24:34; Mark 8:12, 38; 13:30; Luke 11:50, 51; 21:32; Acts 2:40; Heb. 1:1-3, 1 Pet 1:20 among many others.We do not have to fear an end of the world scenario as so many false prophets are forecasting today.  We are to run our race against sin (1 Cor. 9:24), being conformed to the image of Christ (Rom. 8:29), teaching others of the hope that is within us (1 Pet. 3:15), and staying the course, and remaining faithful to the end of our earthly life (2 Tim. 4:7).  Then we have won with Christ and receive the crown of eternal life in heaven.Be assured that Christ reigns now at the right hand of the Father, and He will continue to judge the nations in righteousness just as He has always done.Psa. 2:7-11, ” I will declare the decree: the Lord hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee.8 Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession.9 Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter’s vessel.10 Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth.11 Serve the Lord with fear, and rejoice with trembling.“Click “more stories” above to see the previous posts that bring forth the scriptures to prove that the judgment pronounced in Revelation was for that generation in which Christ was manifested on earth; all ten parts of “It’s Not The End of the World”, “The Beast of Revelation,” “The Whore of Babylon,” “The Latter Days Are Not Our Days,” “The Seventy Weeks of Daniel Chap. 9″, and others.Sources: The KJV, and Young’s Literal Translation (YLT)  All bold emphasis is mine.  All posts are also at https://shreddingtheveil.org.








Transhumanism, our frightening future.  Can the elite live forever? At what expense.  Are we the last generation of human beings?








More than 500 Tennessee college and university staff members carry guns on public campuses across the state, now that a law implemented last July allows them to do so, the Knoxville News Sentinel reported.Few, if any, problems have occurred due to employees carrying guns, but a proposal that would expand the law to part-time employees has college and university officials concerned, even as that proposal is unlikely to pass in the Tennessee legislature this year.University of Tennessee Police Chief Troy Lane opposes the expansion and sits on the board of directors for the Tennessee Association of Chiefs of Police, which also opposes the proposal.“We already have 160 full-time employees who have notified us of their intent to carry,” Lane said. “I am unaware of how or why adding part-time personnel would make our campus safer. Next, there are far fewer ‘knowns’ with part-time employees. While we get to know our fellow full-time employees, the same may not be said for our part-time employees.”In addition to the 160 people that have notified police they want to carry at the UT-Knoxville campus, 23 have given notice to the UT-Martin campus and another 416 people had given notice across the Tennessee Board of Regents system.Scott Robbins, director of safety at UT-Martin, said in an email that the current system is “working fine” and that the university has so far received no complaints about employees carrying firearms.Robbins also noted that they would continue operating under the same system if the law expanded and expected the number of part-time employees requesting to carry to be low.Lane also said there have been no problems on the Knoxville campus but that the law has caused extra paperwork and policy training.The post More than 500 college employees carry guns on Tennessee campuses appeared first on Guns.com.








PeteLinforth / Pixabay








This post is original published at Food Storage Made Easy, to learn more from them sign up for their newsletter at FoodStorageMadeEasy.net/checklists/monthly-newsletter/
      In this installment of From Food Storage to Stovetop Jodi shares about how she likes to use Freeze-Dried Green Bell Peppers and how they have helped her enjoy eating vegetables more. Freeze dried bell peppers a long shelf life and are so easy to use. We love that you don’t have to buy a whole pepper if you only need a half for a recipe, or a few slices to throw in an omelet. No more throwing away half-eaten rotten produce! Freeze-Dried to Fresh Conversion 1/3 cup dry = about 1 bell pepperRefreshing Instructions Add 1/3 cup of water to 1 cup peppers; let sit covered for 3-5 minutes or until tender. Favorite Recipes Using Green or Red Peppers
Vegetarian White Bean Soup Breakfast Egg Scramble Pizza Casserole Southwester Farfalle Pasta Texas Caviar aka Black Bean Salsa Green Chili and Sweet Corn Brown Rice Freeze-Dried Style Omelets Sausage Lasagna Meal-in-a-JarThe post From Storage to Stovetop: Freeze-Dried Bell Peppers appeared first on Food Storage Made Easy.








Probably the most exciting nutrients ever discovered by mankind is PHYTONUTRIENTS!!!   These super nutrients are important because they are such potent disease fighters. In 1997, Johns Hopkins University found that broccoli sprouts contained a phytonutrient  called `glucoraphanin’ , and that it was the most potent cancer killing thing ever discovered by mankind. Broccoli sprouts contain around 50 times the amount of  `glucoraphanin’ over the conventional organic broccoli vegetable. But what scientists discovered next was more incredible, they found that the anti-cancer activity of broccoli sprouts was 175,000 times more potent on killing cancer cells over conventional broccoli (yes, 175,000 times). This is the reason why broccoli sprouts are so popular with cancer sufferers.   l like to soak 4 tablespoons of dry seed in a big 3 liter jar. That makes enough Broccoli sprouts to do about 250 ml (8oz) of fresh sprout juice. l would also juice an entire tray of pea shoot greens (growing in the background), and that would give me another 8 – 10 oz of fresh highly potent sprout juice…some of the best nourishment possible. mucn more highly recommended page: http://www.thesproutarian.com/othersproutarianfoods.htm








Permanent plant tag made from a pop can.








— John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth, was laid to rest Thursday (April 6), four months after he died at the age of 95.The late astronaut, Marine and U.S. Senator, who died on Dec. 8, was interred at Arlington National Cemetery during a service led by General Robert Neller, commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps. The funeral ceremony was private but a graveside service was broadcast live by the Department of Defense and NASA.Glenn made history and helped establish that the U.S. was a contender in the space race with the former Soviet Union by circling the planet three times aboard his “Friendship 7″ Mercury capsule before splashing down on Feb. 20, 1962. Thirty-six years later, after serving four terms as a Senator, Glenn returned to orbit on board space shuttle Discovery, becoming the oldest person to fly in space at 77.The Ohio State University in Columbus hosted a memorial service in December, where then-Vice President Joe Biden and others paid tribute to the astronaut.
 The funeral on Thursday was held on the 74th anniversary of Glenn’s wedding to his childhood friend and high school sweetheart. Per military protocol, General Neller presented Annie Glenn, 97, with the U.S. flag that had been draped over her husband’s casket.Additional flags were presented to Glenn’s children, David and Carolyn.“As we say our final goodbye today to a great American and NASA pioneer, we send our deepest sympathies to the family of John Glenn, and our heartfelt condolences to his devoted wife Annie on what would have been their 74th wedding anniversary,” said Robert Lightfoot, acting NASA Administrator, in a statement released after the funeral. “Senator Glenn was more than an astronaut — he was the hero we needed in a rapidly changing world and an icon of our American spirit.”Family members, astronauts and invited guests attended the service, which began with a procession by caisson and included a performance of taps.President Donald Trump ordered flags to be flown at half-mast at federal buildings and military posts on Thursday to honor the late Marine and politician. Ohio Governor John Kasich did the same in Glenn’s home state “in recognition of [Glenn's] exceptional career of public service as [an] … unparalleled American hero.”Glenn was the last of NASA’s original seven astronauts to die and the second to be interred at Arlington. Virgil “Gus” Grissom, who preceded Glenn into space on a 1961 sub-orbital flight, was buried at the national cemetery in 1967 after he was killed in a fire on the launch pad 50 years ago this past January.Eighteen other astronauts and the unidentified remains of the seven STS-51L crew members who died on board the space shuttle Challenger are buried at Arlington, according to the cemetery’s website.Glenn will be further memorialized later this month with the scheduled April 18 launch of the SS John Glenn, the next Orbital ATK Cygnus cargo spacecraft that will resupply the International Space Station. The uncrewed ship christened to honor of the late Mercury astronaut had been slated to lift off in March, but was delayed as a result of issues with its rocket’s ground support and on board systems.Source CollectSpace.comCheck out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








Einstein the African grey parrot turned 30 years-old on Tuesday. The Knoxville zoo celebrated by showing off Einstein’s smarts and giving him special treats. The parrot is able to imitate a variety of sounds, including other animals, ghosts, people and roller coasters.African grey parrots can be found in West and Central Africa.








By Brian CleggLast Saturday saw the usual spate of ‘April fool’ spoof news stories – but I think it’s time this practice stopped.In the early days, these stories were delightful. I remember seeing a re-run of the Panorama spaghetti harvest film as a child (probably on its 10th anniversary) and loved it. At university, I read with glee the Guardian’s superb San Seriffe feature with all the wonderful detail of this supposed travelling island nation. However, I’d say the news reporting world has changed in two ways that make the whole business not so funny – and when we get flooded with these stories, many of them lack the originality and sheer madness of these early attempts.The first change is the rise of comedy news sources like The Onion and The Daily Mash. They churn out several such stories a day – we really don’t need extra ones on April 1. And then there’s the rise of post-truth, fake news reporting. And that brings it home that it’s not acceptable for a proper news outlet to lie to us just because they think it’s funny to do so. To take a trivial example, my favourite newspaper, the i, ran a story that Southern Rail was going to start standing-only carriages to pack more people in. I simply took that as fact – it wasn’t silly enough to do its job. As it happened I saw the ‘retraction’ on the following Monday, but if I hadn’t, it would have become fake news for me – and ‘Bur we were just being funny, not lying’ isn’t a good enough reason for doing that to your audience.So let’s give it a miss next year. Please? Yes, fine, I don’t mind the occasional, large scale extravaganza like the spaghetti harvest or San Seriffe. But stop with the barrage of silly little stories that could all too easily be true.If you’ve never seen the spaghetti harvest, this mini-documentary shows the original material and fills in some of the context of it being put together. It’s only 4 minutes and well worth enjoying:Now Appearing is the blog of science writer Brian Clegg (www.brianclegg.net), author of Inflight Science, Before the Big Bang and The God Effect.








by Soren DreierFlint: ‘They paint their world full of shadows and then they tell their children to stay close to the light.
Their Light. Their reasons, Their judgments.
Because in the darkness there be dragons. But it isn’t true. We can prove that it isn’t true.
In the ‘dark’, there is discovery, there is possibility, there is freedom in the dark
once someone has illuminated it.’The Unwanted:‘What’s to be done with the unwanted ones?
The men who do not fit, whom Civilization must prune from the vine to protect its sense of itself.
Every culture since early antiquity has survived this way, defining itself by the things it excludes.
So long as there is progress, there will always be ‘human debris’ in its wake, on the outside looking in.
And sooner or later, one must answer the question: What becomes of them?
In Society (London) the solution is to call them criminals.
To throw them in a deep, dark hole and hope it never runs over.
I would argue that justice demands we do better than that.’[Source…]© 2017 Black Sails, final episode, final season / Soren DreierRelated: ‘Black Sails’ & Concepts of Spiritual Warfare
 Philosophers stone – selected views from the boat http://philosophers-stone.co.uk








As part of Democrats’ ongoing campaign to sabotage the workings of government in a childish reaction to last fall’s election results, a bill has passed the state senate officially declaring California to be a sanctuary state, in which local and state law enforcement will actually be prevented by law from helping federal officials enforce immigration law:The 40-member body approved Senate Bill 54, introduced by Sen. President Pro Tem Kevin de León, on a 27-12, party-line vote. It now heads to the Assembly.In addition to transmitting a juvenile gesture of defiance to the Trump Administration, to law enforcement, and to the general American public, this will serve to increase the brightness of the beacon California presents to potential unlawful welfare colonists throughout the Third World. Also, as serious attempts to enforce immigration law get underway throughout the rest of the country, many illegals will flee to California. The result will be an increase in the already explosive growth in the state’s illegal alien population.Already illegal aliens cost California $25.3 billion per year. This number will continue to skyrocket. As noted previously, California could add 4 million acre-feet of water storage capacity for only $9 billion. But it chooses instead to spend its money providing welfare benefits and prison facilities for illegal aliens, who are transforming the demographics of the state.California is wealthy even now, but it will not remain that way for long. Its future will be poor and thirsty.On tips from Sufferfortribe and Becky in Washington. Hat tip: Legal Insurrection.








Islamic Jew hatred, it’s in the Quran.Hamas terrorist group praised Hamad’s action, with a spokesperson characterizing the attack as a “heroic” response to “the continued crimes of the Zionist occupation. Their American satellite group, CAIR, has not condemned the attack.Slain Soldier Was ‘Sweet Kid’ Who ‘Couldn’t Hurt a Fly’ | BBC Editor Links Syria Chemical Attack to Israel | Jewish Groups Urgently Seek ResponseElhai Teharlev, the IDF soldier killed in Thursday’s car-ramming attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Teharlev family.Elhai Teharlev — the 20-year-old IDF sergeant who was killed in a car-ramming attack carried out by a Palestinian terrorist at a bus stop in the West Bank on Thursday morning — was a “sweet kid” who “couldn’t hurt a fly,” a friend told the Hebrew news site nrg.Teharlev — a Talmon resident who served in the Golani Brigade — was laid to rest on Thursday evening at the Mount Herzl military cemetery in Jerusalem. He is survived by his parents, Ohad and Avital, and six siblings — three brothers and three sisters.The slain soldier was a graduate of the Makor Chaim yeshiva in Gush Etzion — the same institution where two of the three Israeli teenagers kidnapped and murdered by Hamas terrorists in June 2014 studied.Talmon — a settlement located between Modi’in and Ramallah — published a statement following the attack, saying, “The dear and beloved Elhai, son of the community, was murdered. A talented, modest and popular boy. The pain pierces the hearts of the neighbors, friends, youth movement members and all community members who knew Elhai and admired him.”Nachum Bienenfeld — a volunteer United Hatzalah EMT who responded to the attack, which took place next to Ofra — said, “When I arrived at the scene, I found a a very tragic and difficult situation. The Palestinian vehicle had come up on the sidewalk and rammed into a group of soldiers who were standing near the bus stop. The vehicle had continued and landed in a ditch by the side of the road…Security poles that had been set up near the bus stop due to a previous ramming attack that had taken place at that bus stop prevented injury to other civilians who were standing at the bus stop.”We lost today a dear son, Elhai Teharlev, in our ongoing struggle to safeguard our citizens. Our thoughts are with the bereaved & injured.— Reuven Rivlin (@PresidentRuvi) April 6, 2017President Reuven Rivlin tweeted, “We lost today a dear son, Elhai Teharlev, in our ongoing struggle to safeguard our citizens. Our thoughts are with the bereaved & injured.”Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tweeted, “In the name of the people of Israel, I ask to condolences to the Teharlev family over the murder of Elhai — their dear son, a Golani Brigade soldier — in a ramming attack today. May his memory be a blessing.בשם כל עם ישראל אני מבקש לשלוח תנחומים למשפחת טהרלב על הירצחו של אלחי – בנם היקר, חייל צה״ל מחטיבת גולני – היום בפיגוע דריסה. יהי זכרו ברוך pic.twitter.com/gxIA4n0Ms8— Benjamin Netanyahu (@netanyahu) April 6, 2017The perpetrator of Thursday’s attack next to Ofra was arrested on site. He was identified as 22-year-old Malik Hamad, a resident of the nearby Palestinian village of Silwad. Following the attack, the IDF froze the permits of Hamad’s family members that enabled them to work in Israel.The Gaza Strip-based Hamas terrorist group praised Hamad’s action, with a spokesperson characterizing the attack as a “heroic” response to “the continued crimes of the Zionist occupation.”








Temple University’s scientists Sudhir Kumar and S. Blair Hedges, of the Institute for Genomics and Evolutionary Medicine (iGEM) and Center for Biodiversity, have had a longstanding goal to develop easy-to-use tools to make evolution more accessible for everyone—from leading scientists to students in elementary school.In the seven years since its initial release, their TimeTree web has done just that, becoming a widely used evolutionary biology resource, with more than 250,000 queries from worldwide users.A new and improved TimeTree web, will make evolution more accessible for everyone — and build on its more than 250,000 queries from worldwide users. A Timetree query shows the divergence times for humans, along with Earth’s geological history.

As Kumar and HeCredit: Temple Universitydges mentioned in their TimeTree book (2009, Oxford University Press) introduction, before he published his Origin of the Species, Darwin predicted to Thomas Henry Huxley: “The time will come, I believe, though I shall not live to see it, where we shall have fairly true genealogical trees of each great kingdom of Nature.”That golden age of a global family tree of life on Earth is upon us now with the widespread use of next-generation DNA sequencing generating millions of sequence data that have been deposited in national gene repositories. This has been the result of five decades’ worth of effort to tell molecular time—-and species divergence—-from the similarities and differences in the random, often single DNA mutations that have accumulated over eons.The next generation TimeTree web can now help make it easier for people to make sense of much of that data. Imagine the history of life on Earth at your fingertips combined with the power to quickly cull five decades’ worth of all the evolutionary sequencing data and studies.TimeTree does just that–and more.They’ve made the most substantial update to build and develop a free, next generation TimeTree web, packed with even more features. TimeTree web not only allows access to all of the published molecular data from 3,000 published research studies covering 97,000 different species, but combines it with embedded geological timelines, environmental and climate epochs, sun intensity data, and even cosmic collisions from great asteroids bombardments.
Here, a query of humans with fruit flies shows divergence times, as well as a quick reference to all supporting data. The next generation TimeTree resource is publicly available online at http://www.timetree.org, it can be accessed on desktop computers and mobile devices. A simplified iPhone app is available from the AppStore (search for ‘TimeTree’).Credit: Temple University
“The extraordinary amount of scientific knowledge on divergence time remained underutilized by a vast majority of scientists and the general public. Our TimeTree resource breaks that barrier and makes the time information easily accessible,” Says Kumar.
As before, users can quickly compare the divergence time of any two species using the Nodetime view, but also for the first time, a timetree of groups of species can be shown in the Timetree view, and a species’ evolution through time can be traced in Timeline view.“We envision that these expanded features, with the co-visualization of the organismal divergences and events in the earth history, will lead to new insights into the history of life. We hope TimeTree will broaden and lead to a better understanding of the interplay of the change in the biosphere with the diversity of species on Earth. And we anticipate adding hundreds of new studies each year to expand TimeTree continuously and serve the community,” says Hedges.From the expert to the citizen scientist to the next-generation of explorers, the new and improved version of TimeTree makes evolutionary biology even more accessible to everyone, and to ponder Darwin’s poetic endnote to his Origin of Species of life on Earth as “endless forms most beautiful.”The next generation TimeTree resource is publicly available online at http://www.timetree.org, it can be accessed on desktop computers and mobile devices. A simplified iPhone app is available from the AppStore (search for “TimeTree”).








By Pat BuchananUSA –  -(Ammoland.com)-  The Democrats’ drive to defeat Neil Gorsuch is the latest battle in a 50-year war for control of the Supreme Court — a war that began with a conspiracy against Richard Nixon by Chief Justice Earl Warren, Justice Abe Fortas and Lyndon Johnson.By June 1968, Nixon, having swept his primaries, was cruising to the nomination and probable victory in November.The establishment was aghast.Warren’s bitterness toward Nixon dated to their California days. Sen. Nixon had worked behind the scenes for Ike’s nomination in 1952, though Gov. Warren was California’s favorite son. Warren had been crushed and humiliated — but Nixon was rewarded with the vice presidency.Now, 16 years later, the chief justice was ready to step down, but desperately did not want his nemesis Nixon choosing his successor.So, Warren and LBJ colluded in a plot. Warren announced his resignation from the court contingent on Senate confirmation of his successor. LBJ then named Warren’s ally and his own longtime crony, Fortas, to succeed Warren.The fix was in. Nixon was boxed, and adopted a posture of benign neutrality on Fortas’ elevation, having been warned by future Secretary of State Bill Rogers that he would be accused of anti-Semitism if he blocked the first Jewish chief justice.With Nixon’s knowledge, some of us on his staff ignored his neutrality posture and urged Senate conservatives to block Fortas.

Strom Thurmond

Foremost among these was Strom Thurmond, who needed little prodding, and who was provided with “Flaming Creatures,” a graphic film of transvestite sex which Fortas, alone among the nine justices, had deemed acceptable for public viewing.Senators were invited to a closed room for a screening. Some walked out wobbly. And as I told friend Sim Fentress of Time, the “Fortas Film Festival” was going to do in our new chief justice.And so it did. Fortas was rejected in early October. In May 1969, President Nixon named Judge Warren Burger to succeed Earl Warren.By that May also, Attorney General John Mitchell had learned that Fortas was on a $20,000-a-year secret retainer from swindler Louis Wolfson. Mitchell went to see Warren to suggest that his friend Abe resign, rather than be impeached. Fortas got the message.Now, with a second vacancy, Nixon, to honor his promise to select a Southerner, chose Harvard Law grad and Chief Judge of the 4th Circuit Clement Haynsworth, the youngest chief judge in the nation.Joe Rauh, counsel for the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, instantly branded Haynsworth a “hard-core segregationist” and liberal Democrats painted him as a grifter steeped in petty corruption, whose court decisions were steered by his stock portfolio.This was all trash talk. Haynsworth had released black militant H. Rap Brown from jail, without requiring him to post bail, and ruled that lawyers for black defendants had a right to discover whether jurors belonged to any organizations known for bias against blacks.No matter. Haynsworth was depicted as a corrupt and racist judge and liberal Democrats and Rockefeller Republicans united to vote him down. But while painful to the judge, his vilification by the left had split the nation along a new fault line.Nixon’s defiant response: He sent another Southern judge up to the Senate, G. Harrold Carswell. Less distinguished than Haynsworth, Carswell got the same treatment. In a statement he had me write, Nixon tore into the Senate for an “act of regional discrimination” against the South.
While losing Beltway battles, we were winning the bigger war. Nixon then, fatefully, sent up a third nominee, Judge Harry Blackmun of Minnesota, who was approved 94-0.Suddenly, in 1971, there were two more openings, as Justices Hugo Black, FDR man and former Klansman, and John Harlan resigned.Nixon called to tell me he was sending up the first woman, a state judge from California, along with an Arkansas bond lawyer.The heart sank. But Divine Providence intervened.The American Bar Association voted 11-1 that Mildred Lillie was “not-qualified” and Herschel Friday got a split decision — six “not-qualified” votes and six “barely qualified.”Panic ensued. Nixon swiftly pivoted to Lewis Powell, ex-head of the ABA, and William Rehnquist, a brilliant young conservative and legal scholar, whom Reagan would elevate to chief justice when Burger retired.Three days after Nixon’s second inaugural, in Roe v. Wade, written by Blackmun, the court declared the right to an abortion had been hidden in the Constitution, though it had been a crime in every state when Earl Warren was appointed by Ike.All doubt was now removed. The Supreme Court was using its right to declare what the law says and what the Constitution means — to reshape America in the image of Earl Warren and his judicial clones.Realization that these were now the stakes, and power the issue, is the reason why Reagan nominee Robert Bork was savaged, and Bush I nominee Clarence Thomas was brutalized.Behind the hostility to the mild-mannered and decent Neil Gorsuch lies the same malevolence that lynched Clement Haynsworth.Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of the new book “The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority.“This post Nixon, LBJ & the First Shots in the Judges’ War appeared first on AmmoLand.com Shooting Sports News .








Papal visits intersected the jubilee timeline to signal the end of 6000 years when “day of the LORD” prophecies are due; Jerusalem’s destruction is first.“The day of the LORD comes…I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished…” Zech 14:1,2 It happened when Titus began his siege at Passover, 70 AD, but for reasons beyond our scope here, it is expected again. If we see it April 13, it will be a signal of end-times and judgment on the US a month later, ‘as the days of Noah’ for failing to walk in the light,” says Dr. Richard Ruhling, author on Bible prophecy—http://MayJudgmentDay.com  The jubilee timeline can be established from 701 BC when Sennacherib sieged Jerusalem (Google). The biblical record supports it as two years when they did not plant in the sabbatical and jubilee years, Isaiah 37:30. Jubilees came every 49 years because the 50th years was the first of the next sequence. Five jubilees later, (5 x 49), was a jubilee when Israelites returned from Persia in 456 BC and it was the beginning of 10 jubilees (490 years), in Daniel 9:24,25, that ended in 35 AD.Fast-forward from 35 AD to our time with 40 more jubilees (40 x 49) = 1960 years, to 1995 when Pope John Paul went to the UN on the Day of Atonement, Lev 25:9,10. 20 years later, Pope Francis also went to the UN on the Day of Atonement, but why the 20-year gap?Peter wrote not to ignore 1000 years that are like a day*—the day of the Lord (end-times) will come, 2Pet 3.8.  If we integrate the jubilees into 1000, 490 (10 jubilees) + 490 make 980 years. There are 20 years left over, and they are marked by the papal visits at the end. This supports the end of 1000 and also 6000 years (Ussher’s Chronology) when end-times are expected. Why?The 4th Commandment says God gives man six days to do all his work, the 7th day is the Sabbath. Since 1000 years are as a day (*) God is giving us 6000 years, but now we are entering on His time when judgment comes.The above information is not intended to endorse the pope’s cause. He represents the ‘little horn’ power that grew out of the 4th beast in Daniel 7, the Roman Empire. All the Protestant reformers were united on this, and the papacy thought to change the day of worship from Sabbath to Sunday with no biblical authority while claiming homage from Evangelicals that honor Catholic tradition more the Bible, calling it “the Lord’s day.”Christ said He was “Lord of the Sabbath,” Mark 2:28, and the end-time “day of the Lord” is the 7th millennium  after 6000 years. The “Lord’s day” is similarly the 7th day, not Sunday, the pagan day of sun worship.  Understanding this can help us avoid the mistake of going along with a ‘New World Order’ that will involve false worship with respect for Sunday.“When the time comes and men realize that the social edifice must be rebuilt according to eternal standards, be  it tomorrow, or be it centuries from now, the Catholics will arrange things to suit said standards.“Undeterred by those who prefer to abide in death, they will re-establish certain laws of life…They will raise their children to know God and to honor their parents. They will uphold the indissolubility of marriage…They will make obligatory* the religious observance of Sunday on behalf of the whole of society and for its own good, revoking the permit for freethinkers and Jews to celebrate incognito, Monday or Saturday on their own account.  Those whom this may annoy, will have to put up with the annoyance.  Respect will not be refused to the Creator nor repose denied to the creature simply for the sake of humoring certain maniacs, whose frenetic condition causes them stupidly and insolently to block the will of a whole people.”  (The Liberal Illusion, Louis Veuillot, published by the National Catholic Welfare Conference, Washington, DC). Pope John Paul’s Dies Domini and Pope Francis’ Laudato Si’ both affirm this intention.*This was all foretold of the little horn in Daniel 7:25 and Revelation 13,14 are explicit: “If anyone worships the beast (papal system) and his image, he will drink of the wine of the wrath of God [seven last plagues, Rev 16]” Rev 14:9,10.  The UN–New World Order is the image; it will look like the papacy because of so many Catholic nations and the pope will be in charge when a harlot [false church] rides the beast of New World Order, Rev 17:3, where numerous clues only fit the papacyThis all seems like bad news, but God offers an opportunity to be part of His kingdom, based on better principles of freedom, fairness and wisdom. Christ gets His kingdom in the context of the pope’s great words when he spoke to the US Congress and the UN in 2015–a time of judgment seen in Daniel 7:10-14.If we think the pope is a great moral leader for the world, we should look no further that the many news notes of pedophilia as evidence of false teachings that can’t even save the priests “from their [own] sins” Matt 1:21.Returning to the subtitle, Jerusalem’s destruction will be a signal of impending judgment for the US and of our opportunity, says Ruhling.Dr. Richard Ruhling offers more information on his websites at http://TheBridegroomComes.com and http://MayJudgmentDay.com








Natural Blaze.com Ever wish science would surprise you with some unconventional ways to get healthy that don’t take much work? Here are a few counter-intuitive ways to get healthier that may surprise you. If these… “Blazing a path to natural health and wellness. Get natural health news, remedies and tips at naturalblaze.com”








Here is Tucker Carlson's show from last night. My favorite part was Tucker's interview with the mayor of Lansing, Michigan, a sanctuary city. Tucker asked him to explain how it makes a city safer when immigration laws are not enforced. The mayor's reply indicated that since Tucker is a white male, his views are less valuable, less significant on the subject.Tucker notes that years ago the Left used to care about civil liberties, but now that they control so many of our institutions, they just want us to stop questioning their policies.








British Sport’s car maker Lotus recently unveiled the special edition of the Evora Sport 410 for the North American market. The new model comes in the D iconic Lotus team F1 colour scheme – the famous black and gold.The Evora Sport 410 GP Edition will just be limited to an exclusive run of five vehicles.s $110,000.According to Jean-Marc Gales, CEO, Group Lotus plc “Last year we embarrassed rivals with a car that cost less but out-classed their best. This year the same rivals are in for a surprise. Less mass, reduced drag and greater downforce means the Evora Sport 410 is not only faster on the straight, but also when cornering. It is without equal, being both refined and intuitive, and again shows that we are making our best ever cars. The reaction to the Evora Sport 410 since its debut in Europe and Asia has been exceptional, and we know that our American and Canadian customers will really appreciate what this Lotus is capable of.”Tipping the scales at just 3,020 lbs (1,370 kg), or 2,910 lbs (1,320 kg) with no fuel and lightweight options selected. The car uses the latest generation of Lotus’ aluminium architecture, which provides high torsional rigidity at a reduced weight as well as a comprehensive array of carbon-fibre components as standard. Covering the car front to back, they include the front splitter, revised front access panel, roof section, tailgate, rear quarter panels, and rear diffuser – all hand-made specifically for the car.Utilising an integrated water-to-air charge cooler, the Evora Sport 410 is powered by a supercharged, 3.5-litre 6-cylinder engine, producing 400 hp at 7000 rpm and 301 lbft (410 Nm) of torque at 3500 rpm. The Evora Sport 410 comes as standard with a six-speed manual gearbox, which features a low-inertia flywheel for rapid shifts, while a Torsen-type limited slip differential (LSD) provides greater traction, and faster exit speeds when cornering. The optional six-speed automatic transmission with dedicated ECU for ultra-fast changes allows sequential gear selection via lightweight aluminium paddles mounted to the steering wheel.The driver can select one of the ESP driving modes – Drive / Sport / Race / Off which also utilise an engine exhaust bypass valve at mid-to-high engine speeds, increasing throttle response in both ‘Sport’ and ‘Race’ settings. Other extras include lightweight 10-spoke forged aluminium wheels and Michelin Pilot Sport 4S tyres. 

They have not ignored the interior design as well with optional colour coded interior components. The Sport’s seats are trimmed with Alcantara as standard, along with the steering wheel, lower dashboard, transmission tunnel and centre console. Customers can opt for the integrated touch-screen entertainment system with iPod connectivity and Bluetooth.








Colombia’s government and National Liberation Army (ELN) guerrillas on Thursday announced they have agreed to deescalate fighting.To “protect non-combatants and the civilian population from the effects of the armed conflict,” both sides agreed to “decrease the intensity of the fighting,” according to a joint statement.[Read More…]








Sir, Diane Coyle from the University of Manchester, with respect to a Universal Basic Income writes: “it is hard to see that a Universal Basic Income would do better at addressing the economic and social costs of large-scale redundancy than the previous policy of making payments to those who lost their jobs. “Universal basic services are more important than income” April 5.
But suppose this prayer was read next Sunday in all our churches: “For all our young people who are never going to get a job, we pray they feel worthy citizens. Lord, hear our prayer”. 
Would then Professor Coyle still believe that a payment under the dole system is a better option than a Universal Basic Income?
There’s a choice to be made. Either a system with flexible accessible humiliating dole payments handed out by besserwissing redistribution profiteers, or a UBI complemented by strict, very limited, supplementary payments to those of working age with special problems. I have no doubts which one I would choose.
We do need decent and worthy unemployments.
PS. As always I signify that the needs of children and of those who have retired are to be met separately.
@PerKurowski








~~On the eve of a meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters that the US is convinced Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will be held responsible for the recent chemical attack in the Idlib province of Syria.
Speaking in West Palm Beach, Florida, on the day of a major meeting between the world’s two largest economic powers, Tillerson called the chemical weapons explosion a “tragedy” that would “require a serious response” commensurate with the damage inflicted.HNC Supports US Military Action in Syria After Alleged Idlib Chemical Attack – Chief
At the same time President Trump was aboard Air Force One on the way to Florida, he told journalists that reports of him discussing military options in Syria were not true.When questioned about Assad’s legitimacy as the leader of Syria, Trump said, “I think what Assad did is terrible,” and that the recent tragedy constitutes a “truly egregious” crime. “I think what happened in Syria is one of the truly egregious crimes. It shouldn’t have happened. It shouldn’t be allowed to happen.”When asked whether Assad should leave power, Trump replied, “He’s there and I guess he’s running things, so something should happen.”Trump said he has yet to speak with Russian President Vladimir Putin about the situation in Syria, “but at some point, I may,” he said.“No steps are underway” for ousting Assad from power, Tillerson said.
According to him, any plans to remove Assad would require international cooperation and would not be an operation undertaken by the US alone. Tillerson went on to add that the Russian government should “carefully” consider its support of the Assad administration.Its not clear what kind of response the US will take — Washington’s leaders are only saying that it will be “appropriate” and “serious.”The Syrian government denied it used chemical weapons in Idlib. According to Syrian officials, the Syrian Arab Army gave up its entire arsenal of chemical weapons under the supervision of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in August of 2014. The destruction of Syria’s chemical arsenal was confirmed by the UN’s inspections. Russia’s Ministry of Defense alleged that exposure to chemical materials in Idlib occurred after Syrian jets bombed a warehouse where rebels produced their own chemical weapons.https://sputniknews.com/news/201704061052376723-no-doubt-assad-chemical-attack/








Dr. Noam Chomsky, a scholar who taught classes on US foreign policy at MIT and whom International Business Times notes is “one of the world’s most eminent academics and political commentators”, gave a more than one hour-long interview this week to Democracy Now.  In it, he points out that while the US government and oligarchy (see below) encourages US citizens to be outraged over alleged Russian interference in the US election, US citizens are not supposed to react similarly (or accept that citizens in other countries have a right to react similarly) when the US government carries out more extreme acts against other countries, including Russia, where the US interfered heavily, and to mass, deadly effect (contributing to millions of years life lost), in the 1990s.Thus, while the US public is supposed to be outraged and support retaliatory measures in response to alleged Russian acts today, it is not supposed to view those acts as a legitimate and fair Russian retaliatory response to earlier and more extreme US interference in Russian elections and society.  Russians do not have a right to be outraged or retaliate, or so the US public is intended to accept, and the US public should certainly not call for any punishment of US officials who previously interfered against Russia and elsewhere. Likewise, the US public is not supposed to accept that any other countries might feel outraged, let alone have a right to retaliation, in response to more extreme US interference in their elections and politics.  (Historian William Blum notes the US has overthrown more governments, mostly democracies, than any other country in history.  See his book ‘Rogue State’.)  While the US is supposed to be outraged and retaliate against such measures, US victims are not.  Hence US public opinion is conditioned to support “jungle law” – the strong can do what they want, the weak can do nothing – a rather convenient stance for the most powerful global military power in world history.The US oligarchy’s encouragement of the embrace of this philosophy by the US public may be a factor in US-run global opinion polls that Chomsky notes find the US considered by far the greatest obstacle to world peace, with no other country coming close.Chomsky further notes that in the US, as has been found over and over in political science studies, the lower “70% of voters” on the income scale “are literally disenfranchised”; they have no effect on US government policy, which is essentially determined, Chomsky notes, by the top 0.1% on the income scale.  Thus, for example, while the majority of the public has polled for decades, he points out, as desiring the same kind of healthcare system that exists in all economically comparable countries – namely a universal healthcare system – this is blocked.Who is preventing its implementation?  The government/corporate complex, or oligarchic form of government, which dictates to the majority the type of system that is put in place (as well as virtually every other policy), and then uses its press outlets (what Norman Solomon calls the “billionaire’s press”, which is one third of what the NYT boastfully calls the “iron triangle” of the US political system) to assure the public, through massive propaganda campaigns, that this is “democracy” – a term that literally means public control over government policy, though this is the opposite of what is displayed.  (Note, for example, in Washington Post and NYT articles, how often the US is flatly referred to as a “democracy”, a country where the citizens control government policy.)Chomsky adds regarding the Russia/Trump collaboration “joke” that it is “paradoxical” that the so-called issue of the Trump regime having pre-inauguration contacts with Russians, which he says is one of the only sensible things Trump has done (as it might reduce extremely high war-tensions), has been the overwhelming obsession of the Democratic opposition.(Journalist Robert Parry finds this obsession less paradoxical than Chomsky, noting, in an article on Trump’s general ineptitude, that “wielding the anti-Russia stick has been so tempting” for opposition activists because it provides “a way to both bludgeon Trump and beat to death any nascent détente with Russia, which would give new hope for more ‘regime change’ wars. For the neocons and their liberal-hawk sidekicks, that would be a win-win-win.”  Taking another view, journalist Mark Ames has pointed out that Trump may have intentionally encouraged the Russia conspiracy theory hysteria, knowing it was a dead end that would distract from other policies he is carrying out.)In an earlier interview with Democracy Now regarding chemical weapons attacks in Syria (specifically a 2013 attack that was found to have likely been perpetrated by Saudi-backed al Qaeda insurgents, though Obama never corrected initial US government propaganda blaming the attack on the Syrian government), Chomsky said that people should look at the pictures of chemical weapons victims in Syria, as well as the pictures of victims of chemical weapons attacks perpetrated by the US (Chomsky has condemned both the US and Syrian governments, and the jihadist elements driving the opposition in Syria, as morally monstrous).Similar to the self-serving dynamic promoted by the US government/corporate complex regarding election/political interference, the complex likewise encourages US citizens to be outraged over alleged attacks carried out by groups or nations the US is attempting to overthrow or conquer (even before responsibility is determined – facts are generally of only minor relevance to propaganda), but to ignore similar or worse attacks carried out by the US and its collaborators.Iranian soldiers use gas masks to protect themselves from Hussein’s US/European-backed invasion. Photo credit: Museum SyndicateFor example, the US population is not encouraged to call for the arrest and punishment of war criminals like Henry Kissinger, who have perpetrated massive chemical warfare (which continues to cause deaths and birth defects today) and targeting of civilians in Indochina – Kissinger, for example, is on record calling for US bomb-throwers to murder “anything that moves”.  Nor should the US public call for the arrest of US officials and private citizens who worked together to provide Saddam Hussein with chemical weapons production agents, blueprints for building chemical weapons facilities, and equipment for filling chemical warheads, then continued to support him through the gassing of the Kurds and the killing of an estimated 1 million Iranians, including with Western-provided chemical weapons, in a war of aggression against Iran.  (Iran refrained from using chemical warfare in retaliation.)Likewise, according to US propaganda, the US public should never call for the arrest of Bush 1, Bush 2, or Clinton regime members for chemical weapons attacks including napalm, white phosphorous, and the use of munitions made of radioactive nuclear waste, which cause birth defects and remain radioactive for millions of years (not to mention other devastating and illegal attacks such as the killing of an estimated 500,000 Iraqi children, and later at least 1 million more Iraqi citizens, the conservative estimate based on a meta-study by Nobel-winning Physicians for Social Responsibility).Nor should the US public call for the arrest or punishment, or even the cessation of support, of Israeli government members who carried out chemical weapons attacks against civilians during Obama’s presidency, and also targeted (as the UN secretary general put it) “sleeping children” in UN facilities, which the UN had informed Israel 17 times not to bomb.  After these attacks and other massacres, rather than calling for unilateral action to apprehend the criminals, the Obama government increased US aid flowing to Israel, already a rich country and the biggest recipient of US aid, beyond the level of any previous administration.  Aid to Israel has been declared illegal by human rights groups because of Israel’s human rights violations and ongoing colonization of Palestinian land.None of the US officials who ordered or participated in the above atrocities (and unmentioned ones, such as experimentation on unknowing US troops with chemical weapons including mustard gas; see Blum, ‘America’s Deadliest Export’) has been punished.Thus, to achieve logical consistency and international credibility, Chomsky and many others have pointed out, if US citizens agree that perpetrators of atrocities should be apprehended, they would then need to make efforts to arrest war criminals in their midst and on their tax-dollar payroll.However, in the current system, the government/corporate complex is able to overwhelmingly saturate the US market with propaganda that encourages citizens to condemn only people in areas the complex seeks to conquer.  Thus, as Bertrand Russell pointed out in 1922, “liberal virtures” are strategically, self-servingly invoked to suit the oligarchy’s “imperial” and “financial interests”.I asked professor Chomsky if he thinks that, in addition to capping political contributions, democracy would also require a cap on the amount of money that can be spent by or on any media outlet, since oligarchs currently can so effectively saturate the market by dumping billions into integrated or favored “news” corporations.Chomsky said this would be a “very good idea”.Robert J. Barsocchini is an independent researcher and reporter whose interest in propaganda and global force dynamics arose from working as a cross-cultural intermediary for large corporations in the US film and Television industry.  His work has been cited, published, or followed by numerous professors, economists, lawyers, military and intelligence veterans, and journalists.  He begins work on a Master’s Degree in American Studies in the fall.US Public Directed to Condemn Chemical Attacks and Election Interference – Unless Carried Out by US or Collaborators was originally published on Washington's Blog








The best independent earthquake reporting website in the world Earthquake-report.com only survives with (mostly small) PRIVATE DONATIONS. Your gift will be highly appreciated. This page will automatically refresh every 10 minutes as we might be adding updates. Do not close it but leave it open in a browser tab. –Most important Earthquake Data:Magnitude : 3Local Time (conversion only below land) : 2017-04-06 16:11:00GMT/UTC Time : 2017-04-07 00:11:00Depth (Hypocenter) : 82.8 kmDepth and Magnitude updates in the list below.Share your earthquake experience (I Have Felt It) with our readers. Click on the "I Felt It" button behind the corresponding earthquake. Your earthquake experience is not only important for science, but also for people in the area as well as our global readership.  var i_0b7048491e21254677723c85daf08dbb=0;     SRC Location UTC Date/time M D INFO   USGS  Talkeetna, Alaska Apr 07 00:11 3.0 82 MAP  I Felt It INFOREAL TIME EARTHQUAKE LISTS - WORLD - REGIONS - COUNTRIES - STATEOur Fast Earthquake and Tsunami Twitter Accounts : M4+ - ALL - M5+ - M6+ - CHILI – CANADA – BRITISH COLUMBIA - CALIFORNIA - OREGON – WASHINGTON - HAWAII – TEXAS – OKLAHOMA  Upload your earthquake photos and videos CLICK HERE TO SEND US YOUR PICTURES AND VIDEOS.








The best independent earthquake reporting website in the world Earthquake-report.com only survives with (mostly small) PRIVATE DONATIONS. Your gift will be highly appreciated. This page will automatically refresh every 10 minutes as we might be adding updates. Do not close it but leave it open in a browser tab. –Most important Earthquake Data:Magnitude : 3.7Local Time (conversion only below land) : UnknownGMT/UTC Time : 2017-04-06 22:13:01Depth (Hypocenter) : 26.8 kmDepth and Magnitude updates in the list below.Share your earthquake experience (I Have Felt It) with our readers. Click on the "I Felt It" button behind the corresponding earthquake. Your earthquake experience is not only important for science, but also for people in the area as well as our global readership.  var i_64760de70d00fba09a1bcc20dd5964ee=0;     SRC Location UTC Date/time M D INFO   USGS  Adak, Alaska Apr 06 22:13 3.7 26 MAP  I Felt It INFO  EMSC Andreanof Islands, Aleutian Is. Apr 06 22:13 3.7 27 MAP  I Felt It INFOREAL TIME EARTHQUAKE LISTS - WORLD - REGIONS - COUNTRIES - STATEOur Fast Earthquake and Tsunami Twitter Accounts : M4+ - ALL - M5+ - M6+ - CHILI – CANADA – BRITISH COLUMBIA - CALIFORNIA - OREGON – WASHINGTON - HAWAII – TEXAS – OKLAHOMA  Upload your earthquake photos and videos CLICK HERE TO SEND US YOUR PICTURES AND VIDEOS.








The best independent earthquake reporting website in the world Earthquake-report.com only survives with (mostly small) PRIVATE DONATIONS. Your gift will be highly appreciated. This page will automatically refresh every 10 minutes as we might be adding updates. Do not close it but leave it open in a browser tab. –Most important Earthquake Data:Magnitude : 3.7Local Time (conversion only below land) : UnknownGMT/UTC Time : 2017-04-06 22:13:01Depth (Hypocenter) : 27 kmDepth and Magnitude updates in the list below.Share your earthquake experience (I Have Felt It) with our readers. Click on the "I Felt It" button behind the corresponding earthquake. Your earthquake experience is not only important for science, but also for people in the area as well as our global readership.  var i_d59d7ea287d6fa4b80693ebea1affbdd=0;     SRC Location UTC Date/time M D INFO   USGS  Adak, Alaska Apr 06 22:13 3.7 26 MAP  I Felt It INFO  EMSC Andreanof Islands, Aleutian Is. Apr 06 22:13 3.7 27 MAP  I Felt It INFOREAL TIME EARTHQUAKE LISTS - WORLD - REGIONS - COUNTRIES - STATEOur Fast Earthquake and Tsunami Twitter Accounts : M4+ - ALL - M5+ - M6+ - CHILI – CANADA – BRITISH COLUMBIA - CALIFORNIA - OREGON – WASHINGTON - HAWAII – TEXAS – OKLAHOMA  Upload your earthquake photos and videos CLICK HERE TO SEND US YOUR PICTURES AND VIDEOS.








Over at Circa, there is a piece that is a must-read if you are interested in understanding the debate over “unmasking” the identities of US persons caught up in NSA surveillance. These might be persons who were “incidentally” captured during surveillance of a foreign target or they could be American citizens whose names are mentioned in a communication between an intelligence target and another person.The U.S. government’s foreign surveillance sweeps up American lawmakers and their staffers so routinely now that Congress is alerted as often as once a month that its employees involved in intercepted conversations have been unmasked and their identities shared with intelligence or law enforcement agencies, Circa has learned.The so-called Gates notifications — named for former CIA Director Robert Gates — go to the Gang of Eight leadership team in Congress.The Gang of Eight includes the House speaker and minority leader, the Senate Republican and Democratic leaders and the bipartisan heads of both chambers’ intelligence committees.Often though, the affected lawmakers or congressional aides aren’t told about the unmasking, unless it involves a security or hacking threat. So some affected lawmakers may not know about their appearance in unredacted executive branch intelligence reports, according to intelligence community sources, who spoke only on condition of anonymity.Keep in mind that this does not reflect the number of times members of Congress and staff have been under some sort of surveillance, merely the frequency with which their names have been unmasked.Last night Catherine Herridge provided some more detail on this:The Office for the Director of National Intelligence, which oversees the 17 intelligence agencies, said “…in 2015, NSA disseminated 4,290 FAA Section 702 intelligence reports that included U.S. person information. Of those 4,290 reports, the U.S. person information was masked in 3,168 reports and unmasked in 1,122 reports.” The report said “NSA is allowed to unmask the identity for the specific requesting recipient only under certain conditions and where specific additional controls are in place” and those conditions were met for “654 U.S. person identities” in 2015.That means Americans were identified in 26 percent of the cases, or roughly one in four intelligence reports.Contrary to what some have claimed, there really is no check on unmasking.The unmasking of an American who was intercepted communicating with a foreign power overseas or mentioned in the conversations of two intercepted foreigners generally can only occur if there is an imminent security or criminal threat — a relatively high threshold — or if the unredacting of the identity makes it easier for intelligence officials to understand foreign intelligence, a much lower threshold.A senior intelligence source declined to answer questions about those categories but acknowledged the NSA “is collecting and storing so much real-time communication that it incidentally captures Americans of all walks of life. The question of unmasking then comes down to who is requesting and why they need it. Need to know can often be in the eye of the beholder.”“Rice’s ability to consumed unmasked information on Trump figures shows the threshold sensitivities for political figures can be quite low,” added a second intelligence source.In essence, all that is needed for Susan Rice to get access to the names of people swept up in what amounts to an cyber vacuum cleaner is to say that she needs the name to better understand the context of the information she is reading. She can then distribute that information gleaned legally, perhaps concerning your health or marital problems or anything you’ve talked to anyone about, widely throughout the government with no greater public policy goal than your personal embarrassment. That is what Rice did to members of congress who were against the Iran nuclear deal, that’s what she did to Trump transition team members.The post When “Unmasking” Becomes the Rule Rather Than the Exception appeared first on RedState.








http://google.com/safebrowsing/diagnostic?tpl=safari&site=theblacksphere.net&hl=en-us UNBELIEVABLE: Susan Rice Changes Story AGAIN! Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice represents the Left perfectly. She lies and she’s as bad at that as she was at doing her job. Holy Mother of Quaddafi, will this woman get her story straight? Rice initially denounced the so-called “false statements” issued by President Trump. Trump had tweeted […]








Matt Fisher, Blaser USA CEO Christian Socher, Bill McGuire, Blaser CEO Bernhard Knöbel (from left to right)

USA -(Ammoland.com)- Blaser USA, maker of fine shotguns like the F3 and now the F16, has agreed to support the Scholastic Clay Target Program yet again in 2017 as a Platinum member!The New Shotgun Class:Passionate about perfection – The next generation of game and competition shotguns has arrived with the introduction of the new Blaser F16.Only through the restless pursuit of perfection is it possible to create a perfectly balanced over and under shotgun with the lowest-profile action on the market.“Blaser USA is very proud to support SCTP and its youth program!” John “Mo” Parsons, Blaser USA’s Shotgun product manager, said. “Blaser USA believes in the SCTP’s mission, values and structure. They are in a positive and strong growth pattern, something we like to see and support in a youth program!”“It’s a little overwhelming when we have great industry sponsors like Blaser USA supporting us at a very high level. They truly understand how important good youth programs are to the future of shooting sports. We couldn’t be more pleased with Blaser USA’s decision to continue its support of the SCTP!” Tom Wondrash, SCTP national director, said.Are you or your company interested in supporting the largest competitive youth shooting program in the world? Then contact Tom Wondrash, SCTP National Director at twondrash@sssfonline.com.About Scholastic Shooting Sports Foundation:The Scholastic Shooting Sports Foundation (SSSF) is 501(c)(3) public charity responsible for all aspects of the Scholastic Clay Target Program (SCTP) and Scholastic Action Shooting Program (SASP) across the United States. SCTP and SASP are youth development programs in which adult coaches and other volunteers use shooting sports to teach and to demonstrate sportsmanship, responsibility, honesty, ethics, integrity, teamwork, and other positive life skills. SCTP was developed as a program of the National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF) until the SSSF was created in 2007 to operate the SCTP. In 2012, SSSF created the SASP and became the managing foundation of both programs.For more information about SSSF, visit their website.This post Blaser USA to Partner With Scholastic Clay Target Program Again in 2017 appeared first on AmmoLand.com Shooting Sports News .








Armed with Knowledge
Stephan Molyneux: Rise of Daycare orphanages and the results to the society. The post Stefan Molyneux: Rise of Daycare orphanages appeared first on Vaccine Liberation Army.








Michael Snyder is the publisher of , The American Dream Blog and The Truth
It makes me physically ill when I think that the U.S. could be on the verge of starting a disastrous war in the Middle East that will not benefit us in any way, shape or form.  I can’t believe this is happening, and a lot of other people apparently can’t either.  In fact, there were some that heavily criticized me when I suggested that Donald Trump had just committed to taking military action in Syria in part 1 and part 2 of this series of articles.  But less than 24 hours later, the front page of USA Today was running this jarring headline: “Trump team developing military response in Syria”.  It is interesting to note that this came on the 77th day of Trump’s presidency, and on Thursday it was also revealed that the Trump administration is working to put together an international coalition to remove Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power.  The following comes from Fox News…America’s top diplomat addressed the Syria crisis a day after Trump declared in the Rose Garden that the chemical strike would not be tolerated. Tillerson pointedly said Russia should “consider carefully” its support for the Assad regime, while calling for an international effort to defeat ISIS in Syria, stabilize the country and ultimately work with partners through a political process that leads to Assad leaving power.Asked if the U.S. would organize a coalition to remove Assad, Tillerson said: “Those steps are underway.”U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also told the press that Assad has “no role” in governing Syria in the future, and he pledged there there will be a “serious response” to the recent chemical attack in Syria’s Idlib province.Of course it is extremely doubtful that Assad had anything to do with that chemical attack, and I am going to share some more of that evidence with you in part 4 of this series.In terms of what that “serious response” will look like, a lot will be determined over the next 48 hours as Trump consults with his top national security advisers…Defense Secretary James Mattis will brief President Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago on military options against Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad’s regime later on Thursday in the wake of a deadly attack which activists said killed at least 100 people — including 25 children — and injured at least 400 others earlier this week.The White House and Pentagon have had detailed back-and-forth conversations over the past two days over options including a National Security Council meeting Wednesday. Mattis and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster have had repeated contact about the best way forward, a U.S. official told NBC News.It is being reported that airstrikes and the use of cruise missiles against Syrian targets are among the initial options under consideration.If Trump drops a few bombs or fires of a few cruise missiles that likely wouldn’t spark a broader conflict, but there is one option that is reportedly being considered that could bring us into direct military conflict with Russia.  According to The Intercept, the Trump team is actually considering a “saturation strike” which would result “in Russian military deaths”…The proposed strike would involve launching Tomahawk cruise missiles to overwhelm Russian air defense systems used by the Syrian military. The Russian government currently helps maintain the air defense sites and advises the Syrian military.According to both U.S. military officials, the current proposal would likely result in Russian military deaths and mark a drastic escalation of U.S. force in Syria.One U.S. military official said the decision to allow the strikes, which would kill Russians, signals a significant change in policy by the Trump administration. A decision by Trump to go forward with the plan would be a reversal from the Obama administration, which denied multiple air strike proposals that would likely cause Russian personnel casualties in Syria.If that happens, any hope for improved relations with Russia will be permanently extinguished and it could easily result in the Russians shooting back at us.The Russians have S-300 and S-400 air defense systems already in place in Syria.  Both of those systems are some of the most advanced in the world and are a significant threat to U.S. warplanes.As I discussed yesterday, it is not difficult to imagine what would happen if footage of U.S. aircraft being blown out of the sky by Russian missiles started rolling on our cable news channels 24 hours a day.Even now, U.S. Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham are urging President Trump to consider “the grounding of Assad’s air force”…“In addition to other measures, the United States should lead an international coalition to ground Assad’s air force. This capability provides Assad a strategic advantage in his brutal slaughter of innocent civilians, both through the use of chemical weapons as well as barrel bombs, which kill far more men, women and children on a daily basis … Ultimately, the grounding of Assad’s air force can and should be part of a new comprehensive strategy to end the conflict in Syria.”Of course if Trump goes to war with another sovereign nation without the approval of Congress that would be a blatant violation of the U.S. Constitution, and that is something else that I would be talking about in part 4 of this series.Even though I am writing about all of this, I still have a hard time believing that this is all happening less than three months into Trump’s presidency.  The stage is being set for the kind of scenario that I outlined in The Beginning Of The End, and right now I am far more alarmed by the state of world events than I was at any point in 2016.I am particularly disturbed by all of this talk about removing Assad.How in the world does the Trump administration plan to do that?Even if they conduct a massive bombing campaign that would turn Damascus into a “ruinous heap”, that would still not guarantee regime change.The only thing that would guarantee regime change is a full-scale ground invasion and the conquest of the entire city of Damascus.Of course the Russians, the Iranians and Hezbollah would not willingly step aside and let “coalition forces” march to Damascus, and so such a move could very easily spark World War 3 in the Middle East.I can’t believe that Trump is actually thinking of going to war with Syria.  There is nothing to be gained and so much that could be lost.  Let us hope that someone can talk some sense to him while there is still time to do so. Read More: The Economic Collapse Blog Reprinted & Distributed With Permission








You’ve probably heard the news already, but if you haven’t then know that the House quietly voted to undo rules that keep internet service providers — the companies like Comcast, Verizon and Charter that you pay for online access — from selling your personal information.
How the Republicans Sold Your Privacy to Internet Providers
What websites you visit, your location, everything they can get from you now is theirs to sell to the highest bidder.
Yay freedom!
Anyway, there’s not a lot you can do but every little helps. These are just five simple things the average Joe can do to protect at least some of that privacy.
1)Start Using Firefox
It’s the best browser anyway. Here’s a link with some of the ad ons and set up to improve your privacy.
https://vikingvpn.com/cybersecurity-wiki/browser-security/guide-hardening-mozilla-firefox-for-privacy-and-security
2)Stop using Google
Yes, it can be done. Use Duck Duck Go instead as your main search engine. To be honest I still use Google when DDG isn’t giving me good results but not using google is probably the biggest step toward privacy. DDG basically uses Google, but it does it for you while remaining anonymous.
3)Stop using Whatsapp
Since it got sold to Facebook you know what to expect. Shameless abuse of your privacy. Telegram is pretty much the same thing and just as simple to use, but you get to keep your privacy.
4)Stop using Facebook
I’ll be honest. I don’t use it, and those of you that do probably see I hardly keep up with it. My blog posts are automatically reposted on Facebook but I just don’t know how to use 99% of it. The thing is, even if you do like and use Facebook, its as creepy as a company can be, with no regards whatsoever for your privacy of course. At the very least, try not posting vital information like your address, birthday, when you go on holydays or when you make big financial decisions. All of this isnt just about privacy, its about physical safety.
5)Cover the camera of your laptop
My wife first started doing this years ago. I thought she was a complete lunatic. “I don’t know who’s watching” she said. “baby, no one’s watching you” I said back then. Oh, I was so naïve its even cute now that I think about it. Yes, they do spy on you, they use facial recognition technology on you to get your biometric data and God only knows what else, how you react to different data, different products or ads? Disable your camera and microphone when not in use, or as Mark Zuckerberg does and FBI Director James Comey advices people to do, put some tape on it.
FerFAL
Fernando “FerFAL” Aguirre is the author of “The Modern Survival Manual: Surviving the Economic Collapse” and “Bugging Out and Relocating: When Staying is not an Option”.
You’ve probably heard the news already, but if you haven’t then know that the House quietly voted to undo rules that keep internet service providers — the companies like Comcast, Verizon and Charter that you pay for online access — from selling your personal information.How the Republicans Sold Your Privacy to Internet ProvidersWhat websites you visit, your location, everything they can get from you now is theirs to sell to the highest bidder.Yay freedom!Anyway, there’s not a lot you can do but every little helps. These are just five simple things the average Joe can do to protect at least some of that privacy.1)Start Using FirefoxIt’s the best browser anyway. Here’s a link with some of the ad ons and set up to improve your privacy.https://vikingvpn.com/cybersecurity-wiki/browser-security/guide-hardening-mozilla-firefox-for-privacy-and-security2)Stop using GoogleYes, it can be done. Use Duck Duck Go instead as your main search engine. To be honest I still use Google when DDG isn’t giving me good results but not using google is probably the biggest step toward privacy. DDG basically uses Google, but it does it for you while remaining anonymous.3)Stop using WhatsappSince it got sold to Facebook you know what to expect. Shameless abuse of your privacy. Telegram is pretty much the same thing and just as simple to use, but you get to keep your privacy.4)Stop using FacebookI’ll be honest. I don’t use it, and those of you that do probably see I hardly keep up with it. My blog posts are automatically reposted on Facebook but I just don’t know how to use 99% of it. The thing is, even if you do like and use Facebook, its as creepy as a company can be, with no regards whatsoever for your privacy of course. At the very least, try not posting vital information like your address, birthday, when you go on holydays or when you make big financial decisions. All of this isnt just about privacy, its about physical safety.5)Cover the camera of your laptopMy wife first started doing this years ago. I thought she was a complete lunatic. “I don’t know who’s watching” she said. “baby, no one’s watching you” I said back then. Oh, I was so naïve its even cute now that I think about it. Yes, they do spy on you, they use facial recognition technology on you to get your biometric data and God only knows what else, how you react to different data, different products or ads? Disable your camera and microphone when not in use, or as Mark Zuckerberg does and FBI Director James Comey advices people to do, put some tape on it.FerFALFernando “FerFAL” Aguirre is the author of “The Modern Survival Manual: Surviving the Economic Collapse” and “Bugging Out and Relocating: When Staying is not an Option”.








Creating from the centerBy Jon RappoportThere are some people who hear the word CREATE and wake up, as if a new flashing music has begun.This lone word makes them see something majestic and untamed and astonishing.They feel the sound of a Niagara approaching.They suddenly know why they are alive.It happened to me one day in 1949 when I was 11 years old. I was boarding a bus in upstate New York for a full day’s ride back down into New York City. I was sitting by the window as the bus pulled out of a parking lot, and I opened the first page of Ray Bradbury’s Martian Chronicles, a perfect children’s book.The word CREATE wasn’t on that first page, but I felt it. It sounded like a great bell in my ear, and I knew I was in a different world.I’ve been writing about the creative life for some time. For me, this life is a far cry from the pallid oatmeal of “peace through avoidance.”The creative life is not about slogans and systems. It is about EXPERIENCE. It’s about diving in. It’s about a kind of transformation that shreds programming and gets down to the energy of the Fire.Most people don’t want to travel to that grand arena because they have been trained like pets by some sector of this society to be good little girls and boys.The truth is, if people want to live the creative existence, they have to be willing to destroy—and the main thing that awaits their destruction is their own illusions and their commitment to the World of Nice where doily power is the only power. Where that tired phrase, “the approval of others,” is the guiding precept and the stick of fear.The creative life isn’t about little changes done in little penguin steps. It’s about putting your arms and your mind around Deep, Big, and Wide Desire. It’s about making that Desire come to life.99% of the world has been trained like rats to adore systems. Give them a system and they’re ready to cuddle up and take it all in. If they have questions, or if they want to argue, it’s about how to tweak the system to make it a little better. And with every move they make, they put another blanket over the Fire Within.Maybe you once saw something truly free that didn’t care about consequences, and it blew you away and turned on your soul’s electricity for an hour.Maybe you’re sick and tired of bowing and scraping before a pedestal of nonsense.CREATE is a word that should be oceanic. It should shake and blow apart the pillars of the smug boredom of the soul.CREATE is about what the individual does when he is on fire and doesn’t care about concealing it. It’s about what the individual invents when he has thrown off the false front that is slowly strangling him.CREATE is about the end of mindless postponement. It’s about what happens when you burn up the pretty and petty little obsessions. It’s about emerging from the empty suit and empty machine of society that goes around and around and sucks away the vital bloodstream.People come to the brink, and then say, “I’m waiting for orders. I’m looking for a sign. I want the signal that it’s okay to proceed.”People pretend they don’t know anything about imagination, about how “it operates” (as if it were a machine), about what it can do, about where it can go, about how it can take them into new territory. They feign ignorance.“I want to stay the same, and I’ll do anything to maintain that.”It’s a test of loyalty. Do you want to remain faithful to an idea that is just a small piece of what you can be, or do you want to take the greater adventure?The propaganda machines of society relentlessly turn out images and messages that ultimately say: YOU MUST BELONG TO THE GROUP. The formula is simple. Imagination transcends the status quo. Therefore, belong to the group and avoid the possibility of transformation.Day after day after day, year after year, the media celebrate heroes. They inevitably interview these people to drag out of them the same old familiar stories. Have you EVER, even once, seen a hero who told an interviewer in no uncertain terms: “I got to where I am by denying the power of the group”?Have you ever heard that kind of uncompromising statement?I didn’t think so.Why not? Because it’s not part of the BELONGING PROGRAM, the program that society runs on to stay away from the transforming power of CREATION.Filed under: Uncategorized   Jon Rappoport has worked as a free-lance investigative reporter for over 30 years. http://nomorefakenews.com/








360 BTS Tour of the Fantasy Couch Set Let’s take a behind the scenes 360-degree tour of the Fantasy Couch “set” and where we film The Couch. Make sure to enable 360 video capabilities to properly enjoy this video. I recommend watching it on the YouTube app on your mobile device and even on a […]The post 360° Tour of Fantasy Couch appeared first on Fantasy Couch. Visit Fantasy Couch for your fantasy football, basketball and baseball advice. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook.








ALDI, based in Batavia, IL, has recalled  Season’s Choice Frozen Sweet Peas in cooperation with Lakeside Foods, Inc. over fear  that the products may be contaminated with listeria.No illnesses have been associated with the products, which were sold in ALDI stores in Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and West Virginia.The frozen sweet peas were packaged in 16 oz. bags with a UPC code 041498164294, a best-by date of August 2018 and the following packaging codes:Those with the affected products may return them to the stores for a refund.  ALDI operates more than 1,600 grocery stores in 35 states, serving more than 36 million customers each month.








Note: Douglas V. Gibbs (Author, Speaker, Instructor, Radio Host) will be at Thursday Night's Redlands Tea Party meeting with Paul Lopez and Niger Innis of the Congress of Racial Equality to discuss our efforts to bring constitutional literacy to our inner-cities…




From the Redlands Tea Party Patriots email and flyer:

When and where: April 6, 7:00 pm, Mill Creek Cattle Co., 1874 Mentone Blvd., Mentone.Our meetings are free and open to the public. And, Mill Creek Cattle Co. is a great place for dinner, great food at reasonable prices with great service.Please post and share our Facebook event page. https://www.facebook.com/events/274470982964051/Please also invite a guest or two. You cannot control whether someone accepts your invitation, but you can control whether you make the invitation. 

– Political Pistachio Conservative News and Commentary








This is pretty rich coming from Twitter who shadowbans counter jihadists and conservatives.This is pretty rich coming from Twitter, from Jack Dorsey who would have turned in his own mother if it was a federal anti-Trump account.This is pretty rich coming from Twitter who suspends and bans conservatives with whom Jack Dorsey disagrees.If these are indeed federal employees, they should be outed and fired.AOL News, April 6, 2017:SAN FRANCISCO, April 6 (Reuters) – Twitter Inc said in a lawsuit on Thursday that it had received a demand from U.S. officials for records that could reveal the user behind an account opposed to President Donald Trump and that it was challenging the demand in court.The lawsuit over the account @ALT_uscis, claimed to be run by federal immigration employees, was filed in federal court in San Francisco, where Twitter is based.Following Trump’s inauguration in January, anonymous Twitter feeds voicing concerns at more than a dozen U.S. government agencies appeared to challenge the president’s views on climate change and other issues.“The rights of free speech afforded Twitter’s users and Twitter itself under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution include a right to disseminate such anonymous or pseudonymous political speech,” Twitter said in the lawsuit.The U.S. Department of Homeland Security, which is a defendant in the lawsuit, declined to comment on pending litigation.The company said it received an administrative summons last month demanding that it provide records related to the account. The acronym CIS refers to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, and the account’s description refers to itself as “immigration resistance.”The social media company has a history of challenging other government demands for information on its users, including a 2012 demand from New York prosecutors about an Occupy Wall Street protester.Always leftwing violent radicals…..








The best independent earthquake reporting website in the world New earthquakes will be added instantly! - Keep this page open in a browser tab Weaker earthquakes check this listing Earthquakes of M 2.9 or more, click here. - - Color explanation (title color)  GREEN = Some slight damage is possible but NO injuries  ORANGE = MODERATE risk for damage and injuries, RED = HIGH risk for damage and injuries (most complete damage list in the world and probably only the top of the Iceberg)INFO link behind a specific earthquake row is showing additional maps and information + previous earthquakes The multi-source approach makes it possible to compare preliminary Magnitude and Depth values as seismology is not an exact science and needs a lot of (re-)calculations. Click here for examples of our "earthquake notifications (button below)"   var i_196c6caf420565a1411d4a0ac12f11c2=0;     SRC Location UTC Date/time M D INFO   ER I Felt A (not Listed) Earthquake Apr 07 23:59 4.6 0 MAP  I Felt It  Data sources courtesy : USGS - EMSC - GFZ - GEONET (New Zealand only)Useful information to read this daily earthquake list The INFO link behind earthquakes is showing additional information and a map with older seismicity in the epicenter area. The multi-source approach has been setup to compare values as seismology is not an exact science and needs a lot of (re-)calculations. The reference for the time zone is UTC (Coordinated Universal Time, also called GMT). Color explanation (titles above the list) : green color = Max. slight damage and NO injuries, orange color = MODERATE risk for damage and injuries, red color = HIGH risk for damage and injuriesREAL TIME EARTHQUAKE LISTS – WORLD – REGIONS – COUNTRIES – STATES Our Fast Earthquake and Tsunami Twitter Accounts : M4+ - ALL - M5+ - M6+ - CHILI – CANADA – BRITISH COLUMBIA - CALIFORNIA - OREGON – WASHINGTON - HAWAII – TEXAS – OKLAHOMA








The best independent earthquake reporting website in the world New earthquakes will be added instantly! - Keep this page open in a browser tab - -Because of our growing popularity, we always need volunteers (limited time activities per day/week/event) for the following tasks : earthquake article writer(s) (living in Asia, Pacific or Western USA), earthquake damage scanners (general AND language specific like Arabic, Chinese, Japanese, Spanish, etc), volcano and landslide news scanners as well as a couple of other small tasks. Tell us what you think you can do for this site and become a part of the best non-governmental earthquake information network in the world.Label info : M = magnitude, D = depth (km), Time = UTC - Click here for the Time Zone world map. Click here for examples of our "earthquake notifications (button below)"   var i_4c94858adb4f7becc0d8a8bc7ec7c109=0;     SRC Location UTC Date/time M D INFO   ER I Felt A (not Listed) Earthquake Apr 07 23:59 4.6 0 MAP  I Felt It  Data sources courtesy : USGS - EMSC - GFZ - GEONET (New Zealand only)REAL TIME EARTHQUAKE LISTS - WORLD - REGIONS - COUNTRIES - STATEOur Fast Earthquake and Tsunami Twitter Accounts : M4+ - ALL - M5+ - M6+ - CHILI – CANADA – BRITISH COLUMBIA - CALIFORNIA - OREGON – WASHINGTON - HAWAII – TEXAS – OKLAHOMAI have felt it – Ik heb het gevoeld – Το έκανα αισθάνεται – Yo lo he sentido – 我的确感到了 – 私はそれを感じていました- Ich habe es gefühlt – Bunu hissediyorum yaptı – لم أشعر أنه








DJI appears to be about to launch a drone even smaller than the Mavic Pro. Supposedly called the Spark, pics of the little drone has been popping up on several sites though DJI has yet to officially announce it. First, the Spark is smaller than the Mavic Pro when the Mavic’s prop arms are extended. The Spark appears to have fixed arms and brushless motors similar to the Mavic’s… Read More








Sick! Just SICK! [READ MORE]Setting a great example right up to the end. [READ MORE]During an interview with Variety Magazine that won’t hit the newsstands until the day after Donald Trump’s inauguration, Barack Obama was asked what stands out most about Donald Trump. After a long pause and a [READ MORE]Another Wikileaks dump proves Clinton is guilty of treason. [READ MORE]Only this jagoff would be such a douche. [READ MORE]Amy Schumer is still upset that her pal Hillary lost and took it out on the wrong person. [READ MORE]This might spell trouble for a lesser man. [READ MORE]For all those liberals who think the Secret Service budget will explode, don’t worry: Trump’s got this [READ MORE]Poor Alec…always the victim of his own silliness. [READ MORE]When Michelle found out what Melania had planned for one of her prized White House possessions she flipped out. [READ MORE]








Obama was out to dinner with several members of his Deep State shadow government last night when his waiter made a political joke. The joke outed the waiter as a patriotic American who voted for Donald Trump. Obama, who asked the waiter to keep his politics to himself, then made a huge mistake. He stiffed the waiter out of his tip on a nearly $200 meal.As it turned out, however, that waiter was actually William Stanton Lawry, owner of the Lawry’s Prime Rib restaurants and one of the most influential businessmen in Chicago. He was filling in for a waiter who was at the hospital for the birth of his child.According to publicists for the restaurant, Lawry was filling in for the waiter as a matter of good will and donating the tips as well as an equal company match to the new dad. In stiffing the supposed waiter, Obama may have cost a new parent $80 he could have used for diapers and food. Luckily, Lawry is a good man who would never let that happen. He donated the entire cost of the meal instead.Obama thinks he’s so smart and for the people, but in the end he only cares about himself. As an added bonus to this humiliation, Lawry also had Obama and his family blacklisted from every decent restaurant in Chicago.








Just hours after being captured at the southern border trying to flee the country, the man accused of killing Antonin Scalia was found dead in his cell. Authorities say they hadn’t had a chance to properly question him yet.The man, who has been identified as a person of interest in at least a dozen politically motivated assassinations, including Vince Foster, died under extremely odd circumstances. Doctors say he died of a heart attack but he was relatively young and healthy. There was no torture involved, as he hadn’t been questioned yet.Investigators looking into the man’s death are working with intelligence officers to find any evidence of his guilt. So far they haven’t even been able to properly identify him. His finger and palm prints have been burned off and his DNA isn’t on file anywhere.For now, no matter the circumstances, the DOJ is no closer to proving who is behind the death of Justice Scalia.








The man identified as the unidentified man caught on video at the hunting resort the night Justice Scalia was murdered has been captured trying to flee the country. He is being held and questioned as a possible terrorist at an undisclosed location.What we know from reports coming out of the Justice Department is that the man is in his mid to late 50s and is most likely responsible for at least a dozen politically motivated assassinations. He is also being questioned about involvement with the Vince Foster case, which means there is at least some suspicion that he is on the Clinton payroll.His involvement with Scalia also puts him in cahoots with Obama’s Deep State shadow government. No other information about the shooter himself is available but there has been talk about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch being put into protective custody on information that there may be a hit out on him.Authorities have been unsuccessful in obtaining warrants or any substantive evidence that could implicate the Clintons or Obama. Trey Gowdy is opening an investigation in congress later today.








Liberals love to talk about how abortions save lives because without them, women would use coat hangers to perform them in “back alleys” across America. They say that women don’t want their children and that because of that it’s easier to dispose of them like trash.President Trump has decided to fight back. He has just signed an executive order making it a felony for any doctor in the United States to perform an abortion or prescribe the abortion pill once a heartbeat can be detected, which is at about 6 weeks. The bulk of abortions are performed at 12-20 weeks, so the lives saved will be in the millions.The President has removed the issue of what to do with all of those “unwanted” children by forming a network of federal orphanages that will care for the children from birth through age 18, if necessary. the best part is, the entire thing will come at no expense to the taxpayer.President Trump has cut one of his world-class deals with several corporations who will benefit from the orphanages by having access to the children and their medical records for testing and focus groups. If they go without being adopted, as is the case with far too many minority orphans, they will be available for work release to help subsidize the costs to the company.Monsanto spokesman Marvin Lieber told The Associated Press that the children would begin learning agriculture with their firm at about 13-years-old with practical experience in the field. They would not only gain valuable work experience, they would also be earning credit towards a college education.Exxon-Mobil, expected to donate more than a billion dollars to the program, say the children in their focus groups will be allowed exposure to real-world experience previously forbidden by red tape Obama bureaucracy. This country needs a generation of talented trade and energy workers.Making America great again AND saving lives? Donald trump is truly a gift from God.








The New World order, a not-so-secret organization made up of rich families and powerful government operatives from across the globe has been pushing the world towards a single globalist regime for decades. By manipulating the United Nations and installing puppets like Paul Ryan, George W. Bush, Barack Obama and others to high ranking positions in America, they have come very close to achieving their goals.Until President Trump that it.Now that there is someone who cares more about his country than the rest of the world and more about our economy than a few endangered animals, President Trump has become a liability and an enemy of the globalist regime. A source deep inside the organization said that Obama and his Deep State shadow government are entrenched in the battle to bring America to the world stage Trump has promised to keep us from.That operative, who remains anonymous, is working for our president. He told Reuters:“For the first time since the 1990s, the people running the show behind the scenes have determined that a head of state is too powerful and too popular with the people. They murdered Israeli Prime Minister Itzhak Rabin and now they’ve put out the word that Donald Trump is next. A plan is being put in place to blame ‘right-wing extremists’ so the liberal agenda of world domination can take a step forward”Secret Service has acknowledged the threat and will be stepping up security. Please share this post and help us pray for the life of our beloved president. He may be the only thing standing between us and a socialist world government.








Democrats will swear up and down that tax cuts will only benefit the wealthy and that they will never lead to a single job. Two families, iconic in America for generations, have just proven that to be false. The Rothschilds and the Gettys, with a combined net worth of more than $400 billion, have committed to spending buckets of their own dollars to create a million jobs.The two families are joining forces to help build new infrastructure for clean coal and safe fracking companies as well as new pipelines to span the country from the oil-rich tundras of Alaska to the deep-water rigs of the gulf. Under president Trump’s new affordable energy initiative, the new Roth-Getty Corporation, as it will be called, will secure a future for a million Americans.The initiative, which would guarantee the company tax-free operation for the first five years and subsidize the cost of the jobs for another 15, will ensure that the company is able to continue to grow and hire more people. The cost of the program is being offset with cuts to unnecessary social programs like The national Endowment for the Arts and public Broadcasting. These programs in the past have been nothing but a strain on the economy. If liberal elitists want to paint, sculpt and broadcast lies about our President, they can pay for it themselves.And THAT is called making America Great Again!








A pair of liberal activists, famous for their roles in the Black Lives Matter thuggery, were shot dead by the Secret Service. The pair were holed up in an apartment in New York City planning an attack on Trump Tower when a tactical team attempted to serve an arrest warrant and apprehend them.According to Breitbart:The Secret Service obtained intel that implicated LaShaun DeMarcus and George Maclerius Smith, two high-ranking members of BLM, as ringleaders of a domestic terrorism cell planning to kidnap First Lady Melania Trump.The pair refused to be taken into custody and fired on the agents, who had no choice but to use deadly force. The First Lady and her son, Baron, have been evacuated and taken to an undisclosed location.A manifesto found inside the apartment reads:We do what we do because Trump supporters are idiots. We will continbue to make them look foolish from now until the end of time.Nobody is sure how that statement relates to the kidnapping.








Bruce Jenner, a staunch conservative and life-long member of the Republican party, has finally come to his senses after several years of what had to be agonizing confusion. He has decided that he no longer wants to be a “woman” named Caitlyn.Jenner was just released from a voluntary treatment program offered by his church to help remove the demons and reverse the lies Satan has instilled in homosexuals, lesbians and cross-dressers. Through the miracle of prayer and acceptance of God’s love, Bruce Jenner is himself again and embracing living out his days as a man. Jenner told MSNBC:“I knew when Trump won that things in America were changing and I decided that I would have to get help for my mental issues. I am not a woman in a man’s body, I’m Bruce Jenner, Olympic gold medalist and father. God helped me realize that the truth will set us all free.”Jenner plans to write a book about his experiences and to tour the country talking to other tortured souls who have decided to take the life God gave them and change it to something only a liberal can understand. Together with his children, he says, he’ll be able to overcome the damage he’s done by pretending to be something he’s not.This is just more proof that God exists and that if you ask Him for help, you will be redeemed. God bless you, Bruce Jenner. And God Bless the USA and President Trump.








Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY) just signed the death warrant for his own career. President Trump, in the spirit of unifying the party, asked McConnell to lead the charge on re-writing the Republican health care bill that will replace Obamacare.Rather than take the great honor bestowed on him, McConnell instead ran to the Democrats and started collecting THEIR ideas on how to fix the health care bill. An aide inside McConnell’s office told The Hill that the senator recognizes that the Democrats have a much better grasp on what the people want when it comes to health care and that working with them is the only way to ensure a positive outcome.McConnell is a traitor. Soon after the calls went out to leading Democrats, he had a meeting in his office with Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton’s top aide. McConnell has obviously decided that he wants to be on the wrong side of history.








Barack Obama spent more time golfing than any other president in history. When all was said and done, the golfer-in-chief had spent 264 days of his 8-year reign of terror on the links at the taxpayer expense.President Trump had a special investigator look into the cost of all that golf to the taxpayer. After figuring in greens fees, transportation, security, food, beverages and equipment, the final cost came to just over $1 billion.You heard that right. $1 billion for one man to walk around luxury country clubs all over the world playing a game he’s not all that good at to begin with.The office of the comptroller will be sending Obama a bill that will have him paying back more than $400 million of that money that can’t be justified as a typical expense for a president. Obama has some nerve costing all of that money when he surely could have played much less and paid for a lot of it himself.








Well, Obama is making sure his War on Christmas lasts clear through his last days in the White House. Early Monday morning, Barack Hussein Obama signed an executive order banning the use of a baby Jesus on the White House soil. That’s right, he banned Jesus Christ.He told MSNBC:I am signing this order as an act of tolerance and peace towards globalized unity. Symbols like the nativity or a manger are divisive during a holiday season shared by many different walks of faith. Our White House in inclusive to them all. To make others feel welcome, we will no longer have Jesus in the manger on White House grounds.Umm, everyone knows America is a Christian nation. How can you have Christmas with no Baby Jesus? This comes after Obama decided Christmas Trees were banned from the White House and declared them all Holiday Trees. Ugh!We can rest assured President Trump will reverse this action but, it looks like the White House will have yet another Christ-less Christmas with the anti-Christ in the White House.January 20 can’t come soon enough!








A spokesperson for Melania Trump let the cat out of the bag early Wednesday morning that the future First Lady has decided what her main initiative will be when her husband takes office and Michelle Obama is not going to like it. Speaking under condition of anonymity, the spokesman revealed to CBS News that Mrs. Trump will be restoring the federal school lunch program to something children will actually eat.“One of the things Melania Trump is most troubled by is that children are being served inadequate and unappetizing meals in school in the name of nutrition,” said the aide, “When she learned that the First Lady can help mold school menus into something they look forward to rather than something they despise, she was thrilled.”According to the spokesman, Mrs. Trump isn’t planning on putting fryolators back in school cafeterias or serving Twinkies and cupcakes for lunch, but she does believe that a diet with steady carbs and enticing fruits and vegetables would be more appealing to schoolchildren who have been living for the past eight years with lunches like these: Melania decided to take on the initiative after learning that children who couldn’t stomach the lunches were going hungry and couldn’t even muster enough energy to do anything but sit down during recess. “She believes in children, food and recess. What can I say, she’s a great mom,” her spokesman said, “while her husband fixes Barack Obama’s mess, she’ll make sure history forgets Michelle Obama.”That sounds great. Now how about a refund for all the vacations?Michelle Obama is so distraught over Melania’s move to bring flavor and satisfaction back to school lunches that she cancelled her schedule for the day, presumably to stay in and sulk.








Hillary Clinton, who tried to fool the country into thinking a 70-year-old woman could possibly be fit to be President of the United States, collapsed outside her daughter Chelsea’s New York apartment yesterday, prompting an emergency visit to her doctor. After some initial tests, the doctor admitted her to Mount Sinai Hospital where she will spend the better part of the next week undergoing tests.A spokesman for the hospital told The New York Post:“Secretary Clinton suffers from post-election anxiety that borders on PTSD along with what appears to be a chronic neurological disorder that makes her physically able to do more than most people think she’s actually capable of. It could be a real problem for someone of her advanced years.”It appears as though Clinton, whose bout with pneumonia almost left her passed out on a New York sidewalk on 9/11, will have to cancel her campaign for 2020 if she had one in mind in lieu of some time on the shuffleboard court at a\n assisted living facility.We’d like to have some empathy for this woman but after sending and receiving all of those emails and being in charge when an embassy was attacked, it’s just not in the cards. Maybe this is just a clear-cut case of karma.








Robert DeNiro has become a well-known loser ever since his cute little “Trump is a punk” video made no difference on election day. In that video, he told some very bad lies and disrespected the president in a big way. Watch the piece of trash fake tough guy’s pitiful performance below:Now that President Trump has taken office, DeNiro went on a list of people who had directly threatened hi. “I’d like to punch him in the face” might be something fun to say about a guy at the end of the bar or your wife’s flirty boss, but it’s not something you can just say about the President of the United States. Donald Trump made sure of that when he signed the POTUS protection order the day he took office.Jeff Derpinger, Director of the WHOIP, told reporters from The Gateway Pundit and Breitbart:“President Trump said from the beginning that he wouldn’t stand for the insults and threats and that they’d be dealt with accordingly. DeNiro is an influential person in this country and his statements create a direct and credible threat against the leader of our country. As such, he will be investigated, his passport and any travel visas he has revoked and he will go on the no-fly list. He will also be subject to a tax audit and further investigation by the Justice Department. Basically, his entire life is about to be opened and examined.Let this be a lesson to those who won’t back President Trump: You will not like what happens if you don’t fall in line.”DeNiro wasn’t available for comment but a source for Paramount Pictures says the travel ban has already cost him more than $10 million for contracted filming obligations in New Zealand that he can no longer attend.Take notice, liberals. You can’t just say whatever you want about President Trump and get away with it.








Five peaceful, tolerant liberals (ha ha) were just pulled from the crowd outside the capitol and charged with conspiracy to commit murder and domestic terrorism after Secret Service agents identified them as a left-wing terror cell responsible for riots in New York and Philadelphia after election day. Information streaming out of Washington says all five are American born citizens.There is very little to go on so far, but Special Agent Zach Braniff told reporters that the killers were serious about their mission and were ready to bring the entire Capitol building down to accomplish their mission:“They all had suicide vests on and their minivan was found to contain enough explosives to take out a large chunk of Capitol Hill. They were chanting about freedom of speech and choice, which clearly means they have been influenced by fake news and have zero respect for human life.”The terrorists were whisked away for questioning at an undisclosed location and the area was cleared for the President’s speech this evening. This is a developing story the mainstream media isn’t talking about but we will certainly keep you updated as things develop.








Late last week, a rumor began circulating in Washington social circles that there was trouble in paradise for Barack and Michelle Obama. While there was no confirmation, it was being tossed around that it was Barack looking to dump Michelle. This morning, a filing in the District Court of Cook County, Illinois confirmed that the couple is seeking divorce and that Barack is, in fact, the plaintiff.According to county docket D4610968L86, Barack Hussein Obama seeks dissolution of marriage from Michelle Obama on grounds of infidelity and irreconcilable differences. The infidelity, according to the Obama’s longtime housekeeper, Analita Consuelo Gonsales, isn’t recent but rather the revelation through a recent DNA test that Obama isn’t the biological father of Sasha or Malia.Gonsales said that it wasn’t really a surprise, because during an argument in 2003 Barack admitted to Michelle that he had faked all of his orgasms. Michelle, in turn, admitted that she had an affair with a biolab and that the children were actually the product of advanced genetic engineering. Apparently, Malia is secretly one of the most talented dulcimer musicians in the world and Sasha’s IQ is so high she’s a single lab accident away from being a supervillain and taking over the world.Obama, who suddenly feels like an outcast in a family of such amazing people, will step aside and even back Michelle’s 2020 run for president, but he will not agree to paying any form of support for Sasha, who is still a minor, mostly because she makes more money playing Texas Hold ’em in a month than he makes in a year.It’s lucky for us that we don’t have to have this kind of craziness in our White House anymore. Having a great, stable family like the Trumps is doing wonders for America.








The libtards of America just love to pretend they aren’t sexist, even though they support putting the wife of a serial rapist, sexual harasser and Oval Office defiler back in the White House. So let’s see what they have to say about this secretly recorded video showing Bill Clinton wishing his wife would just stay home and make him a sandwich.In the recorded by a caterer, Bill Clinton is seen talking to an unknown man who has his back to the camera. The two are deep in conversation about golf, and retired life when Bill says something shocking:“It’s nice for Hillary to be running for president, but sometimes I just wish she would stay home and make me a damn sandwich!”The unknown man chuckles and says, “They sure don’t make women like they used to.”Bill laughs and says:“I get so jealous of these Republican guys, their wives smell like cookies and are always smiling and polite.”Someone steps in front of the camera for several minutes and blocks the conversation, but when the video picks back up Bill and the man are seen clinking their glasses together and though the video is almost inaudible it sounds like Bill says:“–if she loses–I can get my man card back!”The two then slap each other on the back.Back in the 90s Hillary Clinton insulted women across America when she said:“I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas, but what I decided to do was to fulfill my profession which I entered before my husband was in public life.”Seems kind of like that’s exactly the kind of woman Bill wished he had judging by this new video. Probably why he’s had multiple affairs throughout his marriage.After Hillary Clinton loses the election, Slick Willy might be drowning in sandwiches.UPDATE This video was removed from YouTube shortly after publishing. Obviously, the Clintons will go to any length to silence this video.








What do Vladimir Putin’s dog and Barack Obama have in common? The same name!According to sources close to the Kremlin, Vladimir Putin sat down with Germany’s Angela Merkel to give her some advice on how to handle the influx of radical islamic terrorists who are flooding into Germany. As a token of appreciation, Merkel gave Putin a black Labrador Retriever. Putin then immediately stood up and announced to the reporters in the room that the dog will be named after the President of the United States.“This animal will be named Barack Hussein Obama!”Merkel then mocked Obama by pretending to be afraid of the large black animal, waving her hands in the air and silent screaming.While it is hilarious that a man’s man like Putin just insulted Barack Obama, it’s also an insult to every American Patriot. Remember the days when we were respected and even feared by the world? Now strong world leaders mock ours.If you didn’t already think Obama has made our country the laughingstock of the world, a strong ruler like Putin naming his dog after the U.S. President proves it.We need a strong man heading America, again. A leader that foreign leaders would fear naming their dogs after. We need a man like Donald Trump in the White House who wouldn’t stand for being disrespected by having a dignitaries’ Golden Retriever named after him. Of course, Putin knows Trump wouldn’t put up with this crap, so he wouldn’t even try it.Obama was unable to be reached for comment, as reported from several journalists who were in the room during Putin’s announcement. He was probably playing golf or campaigning for Killary.Make American Great Again!








After a campaign appearance for Hillary Clinton in Las Vegas Friday Night, President Obama had to receive emergency medical treatment from the surgeon assigned to Air Force One after he tripped and fell and busted his face open. A source in the President’s press corps witnessed the event, which has been played off as “a minor scrape,” saying that there was a fair amount of blood and almost certainly a couple of stitches.The best part of the story is how the whole ordeal took place. According to the source, an intern with a major publication, Obama was walking through the staff kitchen in the plane looking for something salty to snack on when he slipped on a pocket copy of the United States Constitution somebody must have dropped, causing him to whack his chin off of one of the stainless steel prep tables.When one of the chefs joked that he must not have seen it, Obama was heard to say, “I’ve never seen one of those before in my life.” As the crew yucked it up and joked, America continued its suffering outside of the luxury plane as 92 million people were still left out of the workforce staring at a $20 trillion debt their grandchildren’s children will be stuck paying for.The mainstream media has been silent about the incident and the doctor did a nice job of concealing the wound. While you may not see it, you can rest easy that at least for a week or so it will Obama when he opens his mouth to speak just as much as it hurts us.








Donald Trump has done what no other president-elect in history has done before: He has written his first executive order, dated it for the day he is inaugurated and placed it in a folder he carries with him ready to sign as soon as he’s finished taking the oath of office. The text, released just minutes ago, is said to have sent Obama into a little temper tantrum, slamming doors and knocking things off of the Resolute Desk.After extensive research, Trump’s team figured out that the easiest way to rescind President Obama’s orders. What they’ve discovered is that Obama’s entire eight years can be erased with a single order that reads as follows:All orders from the executive office dated from January 20th, 2009 through January 19th, 2017 are hereby null and void, regardless and in spite of the consequences or hardships inflicted on the American people.That’s right, patriots. Whether it be protection of lands from environmental disaster, increases in benefits or salaries for executive branch workers, declarations for disasters and federal funds or amnesty for children who have lived here their whole lives because their parents broke the law and came here illegally, Obama’s entire tenure will just go buh bye.It’s estimated that millions of people will need to scatter across the country to avoid prosecution for being brown in Trump’s America. Dozens of parks and wetlands will be handed over to ranchers, frackers and oil drillers and countless other who are affected in some way from such a sweeping and, quite frankly, moronic use of the president’s pen and power will struggle to figure out what to do next.But true Americans, those of us who don’t need anything but our work boots and our red hats will be just fine and that’s all that really matters. Militiamen and patriots across the country will be free from all that government regulation that doesn’t really affect them but really ticks them off as the glorious US of A becomes the great land it once was before colored folk, the gays and women went and ruined it with grandiose ideas about “equality.”Thank God for Donald Trump.








A ‘journalist’ for the scumbag liberal publication “Addicting Info” that has been accused of posting fake news all over the internet is about to become the center of a major lawsuit. As if being a jerk who posts garbage that just isn’t true weren’t enough, a dirtbag named Freeman Wood is releasing a set of four pictures allegedly stolen from Ivanka’s iPhone by a friend of hers who went all stupid for Hillary Clinton.The pictures, which are all topless and one totally nude, are still the picture of beauty considering the subject. Like her stepmother, Ivanka has managed what most women would consider an embarrassing moment into just another reason to find her perfect.We’ve decided to re-publish the images with blacked out private parts, giving you the option to click the image for a more revealing version. If you can’t be mature about these pictures, which will be all over the internet by later tonight, you should definitely turn back now.(click 2 to continue)








President-Elect Donald Trump will have his hands full his first few weeks in office. Republicans are using the fact that they have the White House on their side to push an agenda that will be difficult to sell to a lot of Americans, but with Trump’s powerful personality and extensive use of social media like Twitter, it won’t be long before millions of Americans are on board with losing their health insurance even though there’s no plan yet to replace it and handing the reins of our economy back to the moneymakers of corporate America where it belongs.One thing that Americans will be able to get behind is Trump’s finalist for the Supreme Court, announced just minutes ago from Trump Tower. The Honorable Judith Sheindlin, a family court judge from Manhattan with a record of harsh position papers, much like Antonin Scalia, combined with heavily conservative beliefs. Sheindlin has been retired for some time but has been active in legal circles as a participant in a real-life documentary series of how American courts work.Her extensive knowledge of how to be publicly pleasing, as well as her ties to the city Trump loves so much he bankrupted half of it just to build there are said to be the determining factor in why Trump will seek her confirmation from the new Senate.If Judge Judy is confirmed, Trump says he’ll work with Mark Burnett to open the Supreme Court to television crews and see to it that the highest judicial body in the land sees more of “what real Americans care about,” like cases about who owns a dog, landlords suing tenants when their kids draw on the walls with crayons and the most popular of today’s televised courtroom battles: I got screwed on Craigslist.The court will also continue to handle matters of importance to other people, like gay marriage, health care subsidies and a woman’s right to choose in special sessions every other Tuesday on C-Span.








During Friday Night’s Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio, Beyonce’ Knowles, known for her liberal ideals and anti-police rhetoric, was performing a free set for the murderous email queen when she suddenly stopped singing. She turned towards the side of the stage where Hillary was standing and said, “You’re in my earpiece.”Clinton, looking surprised, gave a smile and started clapping. Beyonce’ continued her performance but cut it short after just two songs. She was seen storming off stage and leaving the venue in a limousine shortly thereafter.Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-DestroyingA reporter from the local Parma Gazette asked around and found out from a sound tech that Clinton’s lapel mic was hot and all of the staff were listening when she said:“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”The Clinton campaign refused calls for comment and the roadie who gave the original report is now nowhere to be found. Hopefully his life insurance was up to date.It Was Demorats who started the KKK and they never left it. Time for black people to know you have used for over 50 years and you follow like sheepiesThat’s what Beyoncé gets!!!! LMAO  sorry not sorry for loving this!
And Killary can’t even be happy to get a free concert without being so
rude, I thought she needed the black vote? Guess BL don’t M to HRC!!!Paid them $62 million.  Not exactly free!Nothing matters to HRC except HRCLMAO!Actually hitlery paid them 62mil for the “free” concertIs it rude or did Beyonce deserve it like you imply? Can you make up your mind and whatnot or is this Tourettes?That concert wasn’t free. Campaign funds paid them $65,000,000 to jay z and BeyoncéHillary paid Beyon`ce and her husband $62 million to do this concert….it was not for free!!!http://endingthefed.com/clinton-campaign-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z-62-million-for-cleveland-concert-to-secure-black-votes.htmllmao it wasnt free she paid out 65 mil for that last sec concertThe best think that Beyonce can do is to vote for  Trump and let her know it.That will  make her even madder.LMAO….good enough for both of themI want to understand, why did Black Americans stand at attention, while Obama was talking down to them, as if they were part of a Chain Gang, taking orders from their prison guards? I thought people have freedom of choice, not someone elses ideology. Wake up Black America, the Democrats are playing you for your votes. The could give a crap less about your struggles or difficulties.What black people as if you know all black people, as if you know what all black people think or feel. You don’t know that…. Stop with the assumption. We ate not one mind.Hillary’s use of Jay-Z and other entertainers in a feeble attempt of pandering the minority vote demonstrates her / liberals thoughts regarding minority people of the nation.
If you don’t understand this, Think;
Why can’t she bring to you a message of intellectual value with no question in her mind you’ll understand?
She banks on her thoughts of your ignorance to further her agenda.
Non minority supporters of Hillary should be considered racist pigs for condoning her strategies…not sure what you mean?~ well… ur black ass is DEF. one minded, cuz you can not even fkn spell right…(Lol)  All Hail BLM… B*lack  L*azy  M*onkeys….(LMMF*W*AO)Hey Rev. Bill, talk like that is not going to unite this country.  Please, we have to stop the hate.Rev Bill your a jackass. I was a Trump supporter, but I certainly have no animosity toward the black people in our society.“We ate not one mind”  WOW…. LMAOObama is a white liberal anointed ROYALIST CLASS BLACK OVERSEER OF HIS RACE AND IS DOING HIS STEP N FETCH IT DUTIES TO HIS WHITE LIBERAL MASTERS~~~PERIOD!!!The “white liberal masters” are Jews, not white.I believe that roadie has done his last gig. His name was found on 4 ballots this weekhere is a better analysis of Dem/GOP stands on civil rights. phttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/republicans-party-of-civil-rightsAbsolutely true.AMEN!First get your history right. The Democrats were “Dixicrats” when they formed the KKK, and they are now YOUR KKK!  Black people were no part of the Dixicrats!  Don’t try to give us your white supremistthe dems and republicans have switched positions through the years their beleifs at that time would have made  the democrats republicans now so in other woulds the philosophy than is the same as the present day repulicans ill believe this when i hear it fro BeyonceOh the Ole switcharoo huh? Lmao! So Strom Thurman was the whole democratic party huh? He was the only democrat to switch parties during that time! Wow big switch huh? SMDHHe beyonce there s time to vote TRUMP!I agree!!Time to makes America great again! Vote for Trump!Don’t be fooled you fool. You and your family was poor then, too.Hilly is nothing but trash! I do not see why the Hollywood set are into her when she just uses them for their money and her gain!
Wonder what she says about them when they are not around?Because they are involved in the Illuminati also.The Hollywood set follows Hillary because they live in the same elitist world Hillsry does.  They are completely out of touch with the reality we live in. They are blind to the hypocrisy and corruption in the Democratic Party because it doesn’t touch them.Exactly!idk why she would think she is any different than all the others they use and then toss aside like yesterdays garbage…smdh….i thought she was supposed to be so dam smart….HA….guess that was a lie tooTheir Sheeple, and Killary was probably loaded again!!!Their sheeple? Whose sheeple? Trump or Hillary?Money… They’re paid!Hollywood is owned by Zionists. Just like Hillary.I am a Zionist and I am for Trump!!!I don’t think you understand the term zionist.   “a movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.”Hillary Clinton is definitely NOT in favor of the Jewish nation prospering in their own land no matter what drivel comes out of her mouth.You are full of crap.  She is owned by Soros who hates Israel and Zionists!!!
Get educated!Seriously, get your facts straight, before sending it all out into the population
. The Devil aka, Illuminati,  owns alot of the souls of Actors. Musicians and such.. they sell their souls to the Evil doers and then the become actors , musicians etc. Makes me sick… Obama had a bunch of them to the white house just recently and gave them medals of some sort,  check it out , Obama , Clinton’s,  Soros and some top politicians  in power are all part of this Sick Society of Satan worshippers and child molesters….They are hoping for favors or the ability to rent a night in the Lincoln Bedroom!Because like her, most of those in Hollywood HAVE NO MORALS!When will people learn that the Clintons’ are nothing but users?  They have no respect for anyone,  They use these celebrites to get votes and then talk trash about them.  Sickening..I agreeHope this post opens up the truth of who Clinton really is and what she stands for..HERSELF!Vote Trump..he has your back and your interests too, and will put our America FIRST!!I HOPE BEYONCE  WILL TELL EVERYONE WHAT WAS SAID IT HAD TO HURT HER BAD I AM SOORY FOR BEYONCEI bet, that this would upset Obama and Michelle…Jay-Z is their best friends…Sorry for Beyonce. She doesn’t deserve Respect after what she has said about all Law EnforcementAMEN! She is trash!Yes she took advantage of the superbowl and made her agenda one of hate and violence
She and her dance team were paying homage to The black panthers who are nothing but hate and destruction.Sorry for that police trashing pos! No, nope, I can’t stand the way she acts and what she stands for. As far as Clinton, does this crap actually surprise anybody? She is simple white trash and all she cares about is Hillary and the All Mighty Dollar.I am NOT one bit sorry for Beyoncé! She has been dumb enough to follow that  heating, killing, lying old bat! She should know Hillary is a back-stabber!Ummm, hello! Bernie Sanders got paid hush money. It will be interesting to see how they compensate Beyoncé to keep her quiet. Trump 2016!62 mi!!ion so farBeyonce’ and JZ actually $62,000,000f fir that twi sing ‘concert’ . To draw in tbe black Vote!!Well, when you play with s**t you are going to get it on you. Hope Beyoncé learned from it. Clintons are white trash users.To hell with Beyoncé! That’s what you get for supporting a back stabbing criminal! “F” the clintonsI’M not surprised.  Beyonce is a adequate singer, her dress? is questionable.
I  wouldn’t take b a FREE CD OF HER CRAP MUSICTwo worthless creatures  cut from the same cloth ha haha.How much money did it cost Beyoncé to be there?  That was one expensive lesson.Nothing! She was paid for that. Wonder if 62m is enough to take the beating from hrc words68 million each her and JzHer TRUE side will come out ! !I think it did come out with that comment! She’s a hypocrite!!! And liar and conartist! The epitome of con games!!!Her true side IS out!I just it doesn’t come too late.No surprise Beyonce…please stop following her Hillary and Obama think they are the masters of destruction of theUSA she is using you allllll …Under her watch people are getting seriiusly hurt ..physically.
Please Vote TrumpIt shows Hillary’s hypocrisy, but Beyonce does sing trash.If this is true, it’s a huge beatdown for the Hildabeast! If Beyonce talks about it, or any of the staff that heard her, that’ll blow her black voter bloc right out if the water!and that would be a blessing for sure….#VOTETRUMPHow did you come to that conclusion? Not all black people follow Beyonce.——-  BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HER —– LIKE WE KNOW  (HER)I have kknow her the entire time of her career she has failed at everything she done she got a rapist off through corruption and has done nothing but corruption and sick twisted things her whole life she has sold out the Bengazhi men lives to this very election with nothing but corruption satanic cult to the very selling out of her kid yeah I know killary and I know about the coup of our government that was just countercoup to take her down with all her sick things she has done to America and it’s people.Is anyone Surprised . they don’t care who they useOutstanding  comment! !How can I join your group! I think exactly as u do and want to save this great country from idiot liberals!!!If you are a”deplorable conservative no matter what race or color”Welcome a board!We Deploables stand with TRUMP!!!vote for Trump. It has never been the people campaign, it has been for the ultra wealthy. She has openly said that she is going to raise taxes on us. Obamacare is going up… a lot. They plan to make us a poor 3rd world country. Donald hopes to repair what the last 24 years have done. I hope you can help us give him a chance.Well bouncy when will you and your moronic friends get it ? HILLARY AND BILL don’t like niggas and Jews they are only a means to an end !!!!!!!!They don’t like Catholics eitherOr AmericansGot that right..all of you…Totally uncalled forAmerica will be sold out,the hour is at hand,and she has already turned Her back on God and the only thing left is judgementThe bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like the is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your  eyes  you still have time to save yourselves .The bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like She is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your eyes you still have time to save yourselves .The Clintons are evil ungodly pos…   Moses led his people (slaves) out of bondage of Egypt and AFTER he parted the waters and let GOD’S persecuted people thru, GOD let waters flow back and kill the bad guys that had enslaved God/Moses people.  Clintons just wanted Beyonce to get black people vote before they let the waters come back through.  They are the bad guysKevin, you make a good point! Let’s hope her users open their eyes if they haven’t already voted for the Queen!Now maybe she will see Trump is the best choice Killarney is TRASHHow much were you paid?Hollywood is the straw that stirs the drink for TRAsH LIKE the Clintons, Obama and George SarosYeah, my bro and I was there. That look in Beyonce eye boyee dat shit was NASTY at HILLARY!Gave her the stink eye and stank face!!HEY YOU NEED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW IT WAS TRUE SO THEY DON’T VOTE FOR hILLARY THAT WAS WRONG WHAT SHE SAID ABOUT BEYONCEAnd that ladies and gentlemen is a racist that wants to be your President. Wake up folks and vote Trump.is there video of this?Can’t seem to find one. Which song was it?I hope this is true. Would love to watch the libtardian left  tearing themselves apart…..And this is to prove what? There is no audio or video evidence to corroborate the story. Just a right wing “reporter” (and I use that term loosely)  with a fantastical story idea which isn’t original. Simply took what happened with Trump and his hot mic (whice had evidence) and trying to turn it on Clinton. This isn’t news. It’s fallacy, and not done well at all. Lazy reporting.You’re one of those idiots, believe everything they say about Trump but all the dirt on Hillary is just right-wing blather and lies. I’ll hit you up next time I need to count sheep.HAHAHAAnd what evidence do you have that it’s false? Beyonce did stop in the song and Beyonce did take after only two songs without further adieu. So you don’t believe this story but rather have Hillary make a fool out of youDo you know all or just can’t stand the truth? Wise up , Clinton is a user , she got caught , it’s not the first time.But it’s like something she would say!!Daniel, maybe its time to pull your head out of your ass!Beyonce, tell me she did not!  I don’t put nothing pass
 the Really Rottens!!!! sorry mf’s!I see any (polite) dissenting comment gets held for moderation then deleted. How liberal of you.Just hadn’t been moderated yet. We have a small team.Really? Because I’ve read several already.Sorry this is b.s. I watched the show and nobody stormed off stage Beyonce was hugging Hilary and handed her the mic before kissing her and calmy walked off stage with her husband. It’s amazing the roadie couldn’t be found after his bogus claim!That’s what i saw on the video…I’d be glad for someone to provide video evidence to the contrary!!She hasn’t learned to keep her big mouth shut yet.But Beyoncé still preformed her services for the racist murderer without defending her music or her people didn’t she.For once Hillary was being truthful! Why was the pole dancer even there?Well that’s one time she didn’t lieHaha. So true!she and her subservient  ilk always been  slaves for fat*ss clinton and that ain’t gonna change.She uses Ppl. like no one else !.She hates Minorities until election day !In the Beyonce story, don’t mean to be picky but correct spelling is WHOAWell it surely is crap pseudo music.There ya go!  Just goes to show you Beyonce that you are just another Negro to her even if you sold your soul to the devilI doubt it is true.Done you twos heard it and was you two sittin to gether?How many times does this have to happen before they realize the ruthless person they are bowing and scraping too..about time they find out.So damn funny and fitting! Maybe now these”artists”and I use the term loosely,will finally realize what a piece of scum Hillery is.I can’t stand Hillary, but let’s not be like her and the Dem’s media, I want to hear her own voice saying these things. any person of reasonable intelligence in either party, should want to see & hear real proof of wrong doing.AgreeWow what a ungrateful witch !! There is something wrong with her, she is fake as hell.MAYBE PEOPLE WILL START REALIZING HILLARY DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THEM….IT’S ALL FOR HER POLITICAL GAIN AND SHE WILL SAY AND DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!  WE CANNOT HAVE HER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN!!!!The Clintons have,always been for themselves. All the money in the Clinton Foundation  was put there by donors,TO the Clintons for a “charityfoundation” ..which turns out the money from the Foundation is used as their personal “bank account” to use the money for their own family…Busted as the hypocritical, pathological-psychotic thief and traitor she is.THAT WAS THE REAL HILLARY,THE BLACK COMMUNITY HAS BEEN KIDDING IT’S SELF FOR DECADES THINKING THE DEMOCRATS WERE WITH THEM , FOR THEM. DEMOCRATS ARE WHAT BLACKS SHOULD CALL THE ANTI-AMERICAN RACIST PARTY. THE D.N.C. HAS HAD A HATETRED FOR BLACKS FOR 150 YRS AND WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP THEM UNDER THEIR THUMP AND DOWN ON THE PLANTATION. IT’S TIME FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY TO PULL THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS OUT OF THE SAND AND TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL DEMOCRATS, ‘CAUSE IF THEY DON’T THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT #’S WILL EXPLODE  AND POVERTY WILL EXPLODE….THAT’S DEMOCRAT BIG GOVERNMENT CONTROL. CLINTON IS BIG GOVERNMENT ,IS AN ELITIST,IS A RACIST,AND DID TAKE CAMPAIGN FUNDS FROM THEIR BABY THE K.K.K. FREEDOM FROM DEMOCTAT CONTROL IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP.Pop diesel..agree with your post 100%!!  Ok if we borrow it and share??So Jay Z and Beyonce conduct a FREE concert for Hillary Clinton.. Hum.. Yet Donald Trump stands alone with JUST his 15,000 supporters, who came for JUST Trump.. no help form the so called “star power”!! And let’s not forget his republican party.. Talk about weak!!
I personally find it very insulting that Hillary Clinton thinks so low of the black community, she plays them for a fool and thinks they are down right stupid! I hope you all enjoyed the FREE concert she supplied you with. Because that ALL she will do for you!
Think about this, Hillary Clinton thinks that the only way black people will ever understand the election process and the fact that they should even vote, period…is to use the words FREE and WELFARE. Hillary has purposely bound a large percentage of the black community in a vice, locked them down and they are under her sick control!
GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!! DON’T BELIEVE THE SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN THEY SAY “THERE IS NO WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN, HE HAS A NARROW PATH” it’s all mind control.. they want us to feel there is no point to go out and vote if SHE is going to win anyway!! GO OUT AND VOTE!!! Bring your family and friends, tell your coworkers to through their kids in the mini van and get to the polls!!
Beyonce.. put that fist up.. you know, the one you display so proudly in honor for the black panthers.. and punch yourself right in the mouth with it!
Whoever your voting for just GO VOTE!!I agree, Missy.  Free stuff.  I saw a clip from the show and Hillary was yet again offensive after JZ and his crew did a horrific, violent rap that called women bitches and hoes and talk about drugs and killin niggas – oh yes, and hoes.  She was euphoric as she clapped at the end shouting happily, “THIS IS YOU, AMERICA!  THIS IS WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT!” All the people clapped and shouted approval.  Really people?  She likes to pander to black people with a tremendous disconnect.  She actually believes black people are all gangsta… and ignorant.
Meanwhile, Trump STILL had more people at his rallies without free food and free concert tickets.  I hope those people had a good time and then vote trump anyway.Even Left lib’d can’t say it’s ok for what Hillary did! Truthful who the hell want a EVIL👺LYING MURERING WITCH I’ll NEVER FORGET BENGHAZI!She is always flapping her yap! Why more people haven’t caught on is beyond me?  I find it rather amusing, how stupid her minions truly are…Why there isn’t more truth from HRC’s *#@&^%! garbage gutter mouth???  It’s because HilLiarY does not allow anyone in her presence to have a cell phone.http://www.mediazone.news/index.php/2016/11/04/every-american-will-
salute-with-pride-nypd-announces-they-are-preparing-to-arrest-
hillary-clinton-on-pedophilia-and-treason-charges/#comment-1385Let’s get on with it!Clinton doesn’t even know how NOT to bite a gift horse in the mouth!! What a stupid, arrogant, hateful person – couldn’t she have just enjoyed the show?The real Hillary just opened her racist bigoted mouth. Go figure!Ooops, the only time Hillary doesn’t lie is when she thinks no one is listening.Go 4 it .Hillary will bust it wide openThey deserved each other .You and your man are always welcome on the Trump train!!!! We one big happy family!! No we are not racist!!Hillary is smarter than B…and Z….But not T…Trump….the blacks have heard Hillary say racist things …they are stupid FOR supporting her.Where is the video showing this. .. young voters don’t realize that she is a Grand Puba Princess  the KKK. . Her mentor was bird. They Democratic Party has been the one for over a hundred years keeping people enslaved and that’s what your welfare is.House keeper printing classified emails and Clinton has good judgement.! Go figure.Does this surprise anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well it is ghetto directed trash music.  Clinton knows how to fuk things up. LolHILLARY IS SO UGLY AND  SHE WOULD NOT BE THE PRESIDENT THAT WE NEED.thank you..I would love to be the Hangman for Her and Bill Clinton!LOL how stupid..she gets bustedas always, killary will get a free pass.
liberals are nothing if not unified. they hate each other behind closed doors, but they march in lockstep to vote.This is proof I’ll be voting Green Party!!
The LORD is in control!!I don’t care for Beyonce or her music but have enough class to never say something like that whether anyone could hear me or not!Hillary is a failure even at her own eventsShe is just as racist as Beyonce.Oh God, her private persona has been leaked again.  I hate when that happens.  She just messed with the Queen B.DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON HILLARHOID, SHE’LL CUT YOUR THROAT, OR STOP PUTTING YOUR MONEY IN HER POCKET SHE’LL TAKE YOU DOWN SOME WAY.Gotta love it!She is a hypocrite right along with Michelle Obama. They are offended by the People’s Choice for President Donald Trump’s locker room word Pussy and yet Tom Jones sings it: What’s New Pussy Cat and then they use Beyonce foul mouth and F words and N words to get people to go and vote for her. She even has Obama committing criminal act telling illegals to vote and they won’t get in trouble…that is a felony also. And she uses the Democrats foundation of KKK against Donald when they are using black lives matter group to cause disturbances at our rallies and that black singer using the F and N for every other word during a concert for Hillary herself. She is a hypocrite.She is such a lovely grant mother type person, trash although I am not a fan of Beyoncé either, but I certainly not kiss her backside then trash her! But the kindly lady (NOT) who wants to be our president has no such qualms! She is trash a traitor, liar, thief and many things America does not know about yet!well..believe it or not, that was not racist….I don’t like that music either..torture to have to sit and listen to it…the ONLY thing I agree with hillary onIs that why JayZ thug hit someone as he was leaving?What is so surprising about this?  Just another one of her “hate tactics” to use and abuse for her so called gain.  Minorities wake up!!  Do you really trust a Jezabel like Hillary!Beyonce and Hillary are some of the most racist people I’ve ever seen.. they both deserve each other and I would rather clean a bathroom with a toothbrush than to support either one of them… we do not need her or any of her blackliesmatter clan….We’ve been trying to tell people for months that Hillary hates America!  ALL Americans!  Beyonce, that goes for you, too.  She is an elitist of the worse kind that goes miles beyond racist or bigot.  You should vote Trump.why is beyonce so shocked I thought all trash stuck together, beyonce is just as bad as Hillary so it like the pot calling the kettle black or in this case negro!Corrections: *to not say and do these things*I think this is funny as hell…oh well she gets a  taste the fruits of Hilary Clinton lap it up baby girl aren’t you proud to support such a wonderful women✌No surprise….except to Beyonce.  Maybe now she will understand who Hillary really is behind her lies.  Not a nice woman and she’s only looking for votes.I doubt this story is true. I do however feel that Killary has just been using everyone, especially Black people in this country to get what she wants most in life. I have never felt that her concern for the plight of Black Americans is real. She moved to Harlem to try to prove to them that she accepts them, but it was just a move to become a Senator from NY. I’ll give it to her for keeping to her strategy.  If her record alone isn’t enough to convince people that she and Bill are just two crooks using the system, there’s nothing anyone can say that will change their mind. Barack Obama said it during the race against her,”Hillary Clinton is a liar, a crook, and has never done anything that she’s promised.”  He further stated that she isn’t fit to be president. I truly feel bad for those who are so geared toward their party that they will let Lucifer in the door.When are people going to “get it”? HILLARY CLINTON IS TRASH!!!No one likes the bitch Beyonce so truth is, Hillary gained thousands of votes…This is a clip from the show.Lol Beyonce.. Who cares? She is ghetto trash… Lmfao what did you expect Beyonce? You side with a liar, you get played..Who knows if this is true or not. I’m just surprised that JZ, ( Who seems to be an intelligent man) what allow himself and his wife to be used at the Democratic Party.Hillary Has bleeding hemroids! Cut her some slack… Bleeding hemroids is no laughing matter! If I knew, of a quick remedy, I would put my finger right on it… that would prepare her to be Potis.PLEASE NO MORE CLINTON CARTEL!  THEY WILL DESTROY THE USA AND LEAVE WITH EVEN MORE MONEY. SHES A LYING MURDERING THIEF.As an American citizen I recognize that the 2nd amendment is important but there is one that is greater, the 1st amendment.  By posting this I am expressing my 1st amendment right.  I hope you will be willing to allow me to express my views freely.  Otherwise you are doing exactly what you claim the government is doing. I have removed anything personally offensive to other  readers therefore I don’t see why you wouldn’t allow it.  Thanks in advance.To all the people on the Trump bandwagon, I have this message for you….wake up and use your brain! All of you spewing hatred over a false story. This is ridiculous. Donald Trump has been playing each and every one of you from the very beginning. Feeding off of your fears in order to win your votes. You are the sheep and he the master manipulator. This man can say absolutely anything and still you believe him. As a matter of fact he HAS said just about any and everything and you have believed him. Just like this story he has been caught in several lies throughout this campaign. It’s like he says whatever he feels is going to sway the most people his way regardless of the truth behind it. He changes his stance and position on topics as the wind blows and you blow right along with it. He rants on social media like an immature toddler and has no self-control at 70 years old!! Yes, he has built a real estate empire but that doesn’t mean he can lead this country. Those are two very different things. He is a character, a TV personality whose ego is so big that he wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He doesn’t have what it takes to lead the country. How foolish are all of you for allowing yourselves to fall for this circus? How do you elect a president that is ignorant regarding foreign policy? How as a woman can you elect a president that has no respect for you or your gender and has proven it time and time again? How as a minority (for the few that plan on voting for him) do you back someone who has no regard for you or your race? It’s not about being PC or sensitive to harsh words and rhetoric.  Listen to what he says.  He has told you exactly who and what he is….so believe him.  As a presidential candidate the man has zero substance. His entire campaign is built on tearing others down, spreading fear, and sheer negativity. He doesn’t have real plans for this country. The campaign slogan he uses “Make America Great Again” was stolen from Ronald Reagan. He is taking your most revered Republican figure and using it to his advantage.  He speaks very vaguely, constantly promising that he is going to fix this or that but never saying how. You are fed up with government but yet are willing to elect someone who is doing the same thing you claim politicians do.  You know why he can’t see how he’ll fix it?…because he doesn’t know how and doesn’t plan to. He just wants to be the most powerful man on the planet…that’s his end game and you are so foolishly his puppets helping him complete his goal. Whether conscious or subconscious, many of you are so blinded by your hatred for OUR president (who happens to be black) that you are willing to vote for the most unqualified candidate probably ever.  Like a cunning fox, he strategically changed his viewpoints on several key issues to align himself with the Republican party because it was his best chance of being nominated…AND IT WORKED!!! He’s probably the first non-Republican to be nominated by the Republican party. My fellow Americans what you are doing is an absolute disgrace and it is extremely sad that you have let him get this far and may get him all the way to the White House. You have been manipulated. You have been lied to. You have been hoodwinked and you have been bamboozled. You cherish your 2nd amendment right to bear arms over everything else and have allowed a con artist to take complete advantage of that. Trump won’t “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. He can’t. He knows there’s no greater America than the present version and is trying to take full advantage. Not convinced, well in what other time could a sleazy, racist, tax-evading, TV personality, with tons of money, no moral compass, and fake Christian values become President of the United States?  None.  Someone who has no government experience, little to no understanding of foreign policy, and no regard for the people of this country? There has never been another time.  No time like the present fellow citizens which is why if Trump is elected president America will never be great again but by the time you realize that it will be too late. Congratulations, by attempting to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”, you may have permanently ruined it for our children and for future generations.  Thanks a bunch.Before you get your panties in a wad, I do not mean for this post to sound as though I dislike America. It is a beautiful place with wonderful people.I am trying to figure out how to get away from the amount of control the government has on my life. Sad part is…There isn’t one….hear me out. I have to have money to do all of the things I need to live because somehow we got tricked into believing these papers and coins are powerful. And even if I bought land and did the homestead thing, I still have to pay taxes, but why? And to whom? And what do they do with the money I am paying them? It seems to me, like I’m making a bunch of crazy people rich while I’m left here wondering where I went wrong in life. (I’ll tell you, nowhere . I’m pretty great okay, some not nice things in my past, but this isn’t about that and I was young.)It seems to me like they just keep saying things like, no you don’t need wells anymore drink city water, and a lot of people do. And then they put fluoride in our water! (I won’t even go into the crisis of the Flint, Michigan water, that is still needing repaired, right? Or the recent pipeline problem.) And instead of trying to use cheaper more efficient fuel they continue to build pipelines through our lands that will poison our natural water sources. Not to mention the other tremendous issues ecologically which will result from not finding new ways.While we let them do it to us!But why? If we buy something from somewhere is it not ours? Then who are they to tell us what we can do on the land that we bought from them?! And why do we pay taxes for them to tell us what to do on property we bought from them?!I had a lot more but I lost where I was going, I’m so infuriated and astonished at what is happening all around me. Not just in America, but the world. (and beyond 👻👽)I’m telling you all if we don’t start to unite they will kill us all. More of us can be born and bred until they figure out how to get robots to be their minions.…..they keep telling me that I am free…….but they tell me what I can put in my body……..they tell me that I  am free… but THEY put stuff in MY body I would not and somehow that is okay…they tell me that I am free…..and they force me to pay for something that was not affordable in the first place, but they can give me a number where if I meet poverty level I won’t be forced to pay the fine for not buying the insurance I already could not afford….they tell me that I am free and they will give me everything I need while making it impossible to access or find out any information on anything…they tell me I am free.#WecanbefreeI don’t get a sound bite on this site; however, it was reported (and disputed on several websites) that Killary said: “I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”Is there any hope for our nation with all the liberal cool-aid drinking people hooked on Hillary’s liesREMEMBER, when you vote today, Hillary, the DNC, the Washington & Hollywood Elites, the Media AND the Obama Administration are COUNTING ON your POLITICAL CORRECTNESS, your INDIFFERENCE, AND your IGNORANCE of their CRIMES, MANIPULATIONS AND LIES!!!   It’s TIME for WE THE PEOPLE to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”  I guess Hillary may have some normal traits.STOP all this hate and learn to love each other, if you don’t like what others say take them out of your life, don’t fill it with hate, if there more love in this world this will make it better for everyone, colour is skin deep, under that, we are all the same, our flesh is red with blood, if yours is different then you came from another planet. Give a strange a hug and be kind to each other.Do black people just believe any bs?








During Friday Night’s Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio, Beyonce’ Knowles, known for her liberal ideals and anti-police rhetoric, was performing a free set for the murderous email queen when she suddenly stopped singing. She turned towards the side of the stage where Hillary was standing and said, “You’re in my earpiece.”Clinton, looking surprised, gave a smile and started clapping. Beyonce’ continued her performance but cut it short after just two songs. She was seen storming off stage and leaving the venue in a limousine shortly thereafter.Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-DestroyingA reporter from the local Parma Gazette asked around and found out from a sound tech that Clinton’s lapel mic was hot and all of the staff were listening when she said:“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”The Clinton campaign refused calls for comment and the roadie who gave the original report is now nowhere to be found. Hopefully his life insurance was up to date.It Was Demorats who started the KKK and they never left it. Time for black people to know you have used for over 50 years and you follow like sheepiesThat’s what Beyoncé gets!!!! LMAO  sorry not sorry for loving this!
And Killary can’t even be happy to get a free concert without being so
rude, I thought she needed the black vote? Guess BL don’t M to HRC!!!Paid them $62 million.  Not exactly free!Nothing matters to HRC except HRCLMAO!Actually hitlery paid them 62mil for the “free” concertIs it rude or did Beyonce deserve it like you imply? Can you make up your mind and whatnot or is this Tourettes?That concert wasn’t free. Campaign funds paid them $65,000,000 to jay z and BeyoncéHillary paid Beyon`ce and her husband $62 million to do this concert….it was not for free!!!http://endingthefed.com/clinton-campaign-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z-62-million-for-cleveland-concert-to-secure-black-votes.htmllmao it wasnt free she paid out 65 mil for that last sec concertThe best think that Beyonce can do is to vote for  Trump and let her know it.That will  make her even madder.LMAO….good enough for both of themI want to understand, why did Black Americans stand at attention, while Obama was talking down to them, as if they were part of a Chain Gang, taking orders from their prison guards? I thought people have freedom of choice, not someone elses ideology. Wake up Black America, the Democrats are playing you for your votes. The could give a crap less about your struggles or difficulties.What black people as if you know all black people, as if you know what all black people think or feel. You don’t know that…. Stop with the assumption. We ate not one mind.Hillary’s use of Jay-Z and other entertainers in a feeble attempt of pandering the minority vote demonstrates her / liberals thoughts regarding minority people of the nation.
If you don’t understand this, Think;
Why can’t she bring to you a message of intellectual value with no question in her mind you’ll understand?
She banks on her thoughts of your ignorance to further her agenda.
Non minority supporters of Hillary should be considered racist pigs for condoning her strategies…not sure what you mean?~ well… ur black ass is DEF. one minded, cuz you can not even fkn spell right…(Lol)  All Hail BLM… B*lack  L*azy  M*onkeys….(LMMF*W*AO)Hey Rev. Bill, talk like that is not going to unite this country.  Please, we have to stop the hate.Rev Bill your a jackass. I was a Trump supporter, but I certainly have no animosity toward the black people in our society.“We ate not one mind”  WOW…. LMAOObama is a white liberal anointed ROYALIST CLASS BLACK OVERSEER OF HIS RACE AND IS DOING HIS STEP N FETCH IT DUTIES TO HIS WHITE LIBERAL MASTERS~~~PERIOD!!!The “white liberal masters” are Jews, not white.I believe that roadie has done his last gig. His name was found on 4 ballots this weekhere is a better analysis of Dem/GOP stands on civil rights. phttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/republicans-party-of-civil-rightsAbsolutely true.AMEN!First get your history right. The Democrats were “Dixicrats” when they formed the KKK, and they are now YOUR KKK!  Black people were no part of the Dixicrats!  Don’t try to give us your white supremistthe dems and republicans have switched positions through the years their beleifs at that time would have made  the democrats republicans now so in other woulds the philosophy than is the same as the present day repulicans ill believe this when i hear it fro BeyonceOh the Ole switcharoo huh? Lmao! So Strom Thurman was the whole democratic party huh? He was the only democrat to switch parties during that time! Wow big switch huh? SMDHHe beyonce there s time to vote TRUMP!I agree!!Time to makes America great again! Vote for Trump!Don’t be fooled you fool. You and your family was poor then, too.Hilly is nothing but trash! I do not see why the Hollywood set are into her when she just uses them for their money and her gain!
Wonder what she says about them when they are not around?Because they are involved in the Illuminati also.The Hollywood set follows Hillary because they live in the same elitist world Hillsry does.  They are completely out of touch with the reality we live in. They are blind to the hypocrisy and corruption in the Democratic Party because it doesn’t touch them.Exactly!idk why she would think she is any different than all the others they use and then toss aside like yesterdays garbage…smdh….i thought she was supposed to be so dam smart….HA….guess that was a lie tooTheir Sheeple, and Killary was probably loaded again!!!Their sheeple? Whose sheeple? Trump or Hillary?Money… They’re paid!Hollywood is owned by Zionists. Just like Hillary.I am a Zionist and I am for Trump!!!I don’t think you understand the term zionist.   “a movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.”Hillary Clinton is definitely NOT in favor of the Jewish nation prospering in their own land no matter what drivel comes out of her mouth.You are full of crap.  She is owned by Soros who hates Israel and Zionists!!!
Get educated!Seriously, get your facts straight, before sending it all out into the population
. The Devil aka, Illuminati,  owns alot of the souls of Actors. Musicians and such.. they sell their souls to the Evil doers and then the become actors , musicians etc. Makes me sick… Obama had a bunch of them to the white house just recently and gave them medals of some sort,  check it out , Obama , Clinton’s,  Soros and some top politicians  in power are all part of this Sick Society of Satan worshippers and child molesters….They are hoping for favors or the ability to rent a night in the Lincoln Bedroom!Because like her, most of those in Hollywood HAVE NO MORALS!When will people learn that the Clintons’ are nothing but users?  They have no respect for anyone,  They use these celebrites to get votes and then talk trash about them.  Sickening..I agreeHope this post opens up the truth of who Clinton really is and what she stands for..HERSELF!Vote Trump..he has your back and your interests too, and will put our America FIRST!!I HOPE BEYONCE  WILL TELL EVERYONE WHAT WAS SAID IT HAD TO HURT HER BAD I AM SOORY FOR BEYONCEI bet, that this would upset Obama and Michelle…Jay-Z is their best friends…Sorry for Beyonce. She doesn’t deserve Respect after what she has said about all Law EnforcementAMEN! She is trash!Yes she took advantage of the superbowl and made her agenda one of hate and violence
She and her dance team were paying homage to The black panthers who are nothing but hate and destruction.Sorry for that police trashing pos! No, nope, I can’t stand the way she acts and what she stands for. As far as Clinton, does this crap actually surprise anybody? She is simple white trash and all she cares about is Hillary and the All Mighty Dollar.I am NOT one bit sorry for Beyoncé! She has been dumb enough to follow that  heating, killing, lying old bat! She should know Hillary is a back-stabber!Ummm, hello! Bernie Sanders got paid hush money. It will be interesting to see how they compensate Beyoncé to keep her quiet. Trump 2016!62 mi!!ion so farBeyonce’ and JZ actually $62,000,000f fir that twi sing ‘concert’ . To draw in tbe black Vote!!Well, when you play with s**t you are going to get it on you. Hope Beyoncé learned from it. Clintons are white trash users.To hell with Beyoncé! That’s what you get for supporting a back stabbing criminal! “F” the clintonsI’M not surprised.  Beyonce is a adequate singer, her dress? is questionable.
I  wouldn’t take b a FREE CD OF HER CRAP MUSICTwo worthless creatures  cut from the same cloth ha haha.How much money did it cost Beyoncé to be there?  That was one expensive lesson.Nothing! She was paid for that. Wonder if 62m is enough to take the beating from hrc words68 million each her and JzHer TRUE side will come out ! !I think it did come out with that comment! She’s a hypocrite!!! And liar and conartist! The epitome of con games!!!Her true side IS out!I just it doesn’t come too late.No surprise Beyonce…please stop following her Hillary and Obama think they are the masters of destruction of theUSA she is using you allllll …Under her watch people are getting seriiusly hurt ..physically.
Please Vote TrumpIt shows Hillary’s hypocrisy, but Beyonce does sing trash.If this is true, it’s a huge beatdown for the Hildabeast! If Beyonce talks about it, or any of the staff that heard her, that’ll blow her black voter bloc right out if the water!and that would be a blessing for sure….#VOTETRUMPHow did you come to that conclusion? Not all black people follow Beyonce.——-  BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HER —– LIKE WE KNOW  (HER)I have kknow her the entire time of her career she has failed at everything she done she got a rapist off through corruption and has done nothing but corruption and sick twisted things her whole life she has sold out the Bengazhi men lives to this very election with nothing but corruption satanic cult to the very selling out of her kid yeah I know killary and I know about the coup of our government that was just countercoup to take her down with all her sick things she has done to America and it’s people.Is anyone Surprised . they don’t care who they useOutstanding  comment! !How can I join your group! I think exactly as u do and want to save this great country from idiot liberals!!!If you are a”deplorable conservative no matter what race or color”Welcome a board!We Deploables stand with TRUMP!!!vote for Trump. It has never been the people campaign, it has been for the ultra wealthy. She has openly said that she is going to raise taxes on us. Obamacare is going up… a lot. They plan to make us a poor 3rd world country. Donald hopes to repair what the last 24 years have done. I hope you can help us give him a chance.Well bouncy when will you and your moronic friends get it ? HILLARY AND BILL don’t like niggas and Jews they are only a means to an end !!!!!!!!They don’t like Catholics eitherOr AmericansGot that right..all of you…Totally uncalled forAmerica will be sold out,the hour is at hand,and she has already turned Her back on God and the only thing left is judgementThe bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like the is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your  eyes  you still have time to save yourselves .The bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like She is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your eyes you still have time to save yourselves .The Clintons are evil ungodly pos…   Moses led his people (slaves) out of bondage of Egypt and AFTER he parted the waters and let GOD’S persecuted people thru, GOD let waters flow back and kill the bad guys that had enslaved God/Moses people.  Clintons just wanted Beyonce to get black people vote before they let the waters come back through.  They are the bad guysKevin, you make a good point! Let’s hope her users open their eyes if they haven’t already voted for the Queen!Now maybe she will see Trump is the best choice Killarney is TRASHHow much were you paid?Hollywood is the straw that stirs the drink for TRAsH LIKE the Clintons, Obama and George SarosYeah, my bro and I was there. That look in Beyonce eye boyee dat shit was NASTY at HILLARY!Gave her the stink eye and stank face!!HEY YOU NEED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW IT WAS TRUE SO THEY DON’T VOTE FOR hILLARY THAT WAS WRONG WHAT SHE SAID ABOUT BEYONCEAnd that ladies and gentlemen is a racist that wants to be your President. Wake up folks and vote Trump.is there video of this?Can’t seem to find one. Which song was it?I hope this is true. Would love to watch the libtardian left  tearing themselves apart…..And this is to prove what? There is no audio or video evidence to corroborate the story. Just a right wing “reporter” (and I use that term loosely)  with a fantastical story idea which isn’t original. Simply took what happened with Trump and his hot mic (whice had evidence) and trying to turn it on Clinton. This isn’t news. It’s fallacy, and not done well at all. Lazy reporting.You’re one of those idiots, believe everything they say about Trump but all the dirt on Hillary is just right-wing blather and lies. I’ll hit you up next time I need to count sheep.HAHAHAAnd what evidence do you have that it’s false? Beyonce did stop in the song and Beyonce did take after only two songs without further adieu. So you don’t believe this story but rather have Hillary make a fool out of youDo you know all or just can’t stand the truth? Wise up , Clinton is a user , she got caught , it’s not the first time.But it’s like something she would say!!Daniel, maybe its time to pull your head out of your ass!Beyonce, tell me she did not!  I don’t put nothing pass
 the Really Rottens!!!! sorry mf’s!I see any (polite) dissenting comment gets held for moderation then deleted. How liberal of you.Just hadn’t been moderated yet. We have a small team.Really? Because I’ve read several already.Sorry this is b.s. I watched the show and nobody stormed off stage Beyonce was hugging Hilary and handed her the mic before kissing her and calmy walked off stage with her husband. It’s amazing the roadie couldn’t be found after his bogus claim!That’s what i saw on the video…I’d be glad for someone to provide video evidence to the contrary!!She hasn’t learned to keep her big mouth shut yet.But Beyoncé still preformed her services for the racist murderer without defending her music or her people didn’t she.For once Hillary was being truthful! Why was the pole dancer even there?Well that’s one time she didn’t lieHaha. So true!she and her subservient  ilk always been  slaves for fat*ss clinton and that ain’t gonna change.She uses Ppl. like no one else !.She hates Minorities until election day !In the Beyonce story, don’t mean to be picky but correct spelling is WHOAWell it surely is crap pseudo music.There ya go!  Just goes to show you Beyonce that you are just another Negro to her even if you sold your soul to the devilI doubt it is true.Done you twos heard it and was you two sittin to gether?How many times does this have to happen before they realize the ruthless person they are bowing and scraping too..about time they find out.So damn funny and fitting! Maybe now these”artists”and I use the term loosely,will finally realize what a piece of scum Hillery is.I can’t stand Hillary, but let’s not be like her and the Dem’s media, I want to hear her own voice saying these things. any person of reasonable intelligence in either party, should want to see & hear real proof of wrong doing.AgreeWow what a ungrateful witch !! There is something wrong with her, she is fake as hell.MAYBE PEOPLE WILL START REALIZING HILLARY DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THEM….IT’S ALL FOR HER POLITICAL GAIN AND SHE WILL SAY AND DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!  WE CANNOT HAVE HER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN!!!!The Clintons have,always been for themselves. All the money in the Clinton Foundation  was put there by donors,TO the Clintons for a “charityfoundation” ..which turns out the money from the Foundation is used as their personal “bank account” to use the money for their own family…Busted as the hypocritical, pathological-psychotic thief and traitor she is.THAT WAS THE REAL HILLARY,THE BLACK COMMUNITY HAS BEEN KIDDING IT’S SELF FOR DECADES THINKING THE DEMOCRATS WERE WITH THEM , FOR THEM. DEMOCRATS ARE WHAT BLACKS SHOULD CALL THE ANTI-AMERICAN RACIST PARTY. THE D.N.C. HAS HAD A HATETRED FOR BLACKS FOR 150 YRS AND WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP THEM UNDER THEIR THUMP AND DOWN ON THE PLANTATION. IT’S TIME FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY TO PULL THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS OUT OF THE SAND AND TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL DEMOCRATS, ‘CAUSE IF THEY DON’T THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT #’S WILL EXPLODE  AND POVERTY WILL EXPLODE….THAT’S DEMOCRAT BIG GOVERNMENT CONTROL. CLINTON IS BIG GOVERNMENT ,IS AN ELITIST,IS A RACIST,AND DID TAKE CAMPAIGN FUNDS FROM THEIR BABY THE K.K.K. FREEDOM FROM DEMOCTAT CONTROL IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP.Pop diesel..agree with your post 100%!!  Ok if we borrow it and share??So Jay Z and Beyonce conduct a FREE concert for Hillary Clinton.. Hum.. Yet Donald Trump stands alone with JUST his 15,000 supporters, who came for JUST Trump.. no help form the so called “star power”!! And let’s not forget his republican party.. Talk about weak!!
I personally find it very insulting that Hillary Clinton thinks so low of the black community, she plays them for a fool and thinks they are down right stupid! I hope you all enjoyed the FREE concert she supplied you with. Because that ALL she will do for you!
Think about this, Hillary Clinton thinks that the only way black people will ever understand the election process and the fact that they should even vote, period…is to use the words FREE and WELFARE. Hillary has purposely bound a large percentage of the black community in a vice, locked them down and they are under her sick control!
GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!! DON’T BELIEVE THE SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN THEY SAY “THERE IS NO WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN, HE HAS A NARROW PATH” it’s all mind control.. they want us to feel there is no point to go out and vote if SHE is going to win anyway!! GO OUT AND VOTE!!! Bring your family and friends, tell your coworkers to through their kids in the mini van and get to the polls!!
Beyonce.. put that fist up.. you know, the one you display so proudly in honor for the black panthers.. and punch yourself right in the mouth with it!
Whoever your voting for just GO VOTE!!I agree, Missy.  Free stuff.  I saw a clip from the show and Hillary was yet again offensive after JZ and his crew did a horrific, violent rap that called women bitches and hoes and talk about drugs and killin niggas – oh yes, and hoes.  She was euphoric as she clapped at the end shouting happily, “THIS IS YOU, AMERICA!  THIS IS WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT!” All the people clapped and shouted approval.  Really people?  She likes to pander to black people with a tremendous disconnect.  She actually believes black people are all gangsta… and ignorant.
Meanwhile, Trump STILL had more people at his rallies without free food and free concert tickets.  I hope those people had a good time and then vote trump anyway.Even Left lib’d can’t say it’s ok for what Hillary did! Truthful who the hell want a EVIL👺LYING MURERING WITCH I’ll NEVER FORGET BENGHAZI!She is always flapping her yap! Why more people haven’t caught on is beyond me?  I find it rather amusing, how stupid her minions truly are…Why there isn’t more truth from HRC’s *#@&^%! garbage gutter mouth???  It’s because HilLiarY does not allow anyone in her presence to have a cell phone.http://www.mediazone.news/index.php/2016/11/04/every-american-will-
salute-with-pride-nypd-announces-they-are-preparing-to-arrest-
hillary-clinton-on-pedophilia-and-treason-charges/#comment-1385Let’s get on with it!Clinton doesn’t even know how NOT to bite a gift horse in the mouth!! What a stupid, arrogant, hateful person – couldn’t she have just enjoyed the show?The real Hillary just opened her racist bigoted mouth. Go figure!Ooops, the only time Hillary doesn’t lie is when she thinks no one is listening.Go 4 it .Hillary will bust it wide openThey deserved each other .You and your man are always welcome on the Trump train!!!! We one big happy family!! No we are not racist!!Hillary is smarter than B…and Z….But not T…Trump….the blacks have heard Hillary say racist things …they are stupid FOR supporting her.Where is the video showing this. .. young voters don’t realize that she is a Grand Puba Princess  the KKK. . Her mentor was bird. They Democratic Party has been the one for over a hundred years keeping people enslaved and that’s what your welfare is.House keeper printing classified emails and Clinton has good judgement.! Go figure.Does this surprise anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well it is ghetto directed trash music.  Clinton knows how to fuk things up. LolHILLARY IS SO UGLY AND  SHE WOULD NOT BE THE PRESIDENT THAT WE NEED.thank you..I would love to be the Hangman for Her and Bill Clinton!LOL how stupid..she gets bustedas always, killary will get a free pass.
liberals are nothing if not unified. they hate each other behind closed doors, but they march in lockstep to vote.This is proof I’ll be voting Green Party!!
The LORD is in control!!I don’t care for Beyonce or her music but have enough class to never say something like that whether anyone could hear me or not!Hillary is a failure even at her own eventsShe is just as racist as Beyonce.Oh God, her private persona has been leaked again.  I hate when that happens.  She just messed with the Queen B.DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON HILLARHOID, SHE’LL CUT YOUR THROAT, OR STOP PUTTING YOUR MONEY IN HER POCKET SHE’LL TAKE YOU DOWN SOME WAY.Gotta love it!She is a hypocrite right along with Michelle Obama. They are offended by the People’s Choice for President Donald Trump’s locker room word Pussy and yet Tom Jones sings it: What’s New Pussy Cat and then they use Beyonce foul mouth and F words and N words to get people to go and vote for her. She even has Obama committing criminal act telling illegals to vote and they won’t get in trouble…that is a felony also. And she uses the Democrats foundation of KKK against Donald when they are using black lives matter group to cause disturbances at our rallies and that black singer using the F and N for every other word during a concert for Hillary herself. She is a hypocrite.She is such a lovely grant mother type person, trash although I am not a fan of Beyoncé either, but I certainly not kiss her backside then trash her! But the kindly lady (NOT) who wants to be our president has no such qualms! She is trash a traitor, liar, thief and many things America does not know about yet!well..believe it or not, that was not racist….I don’t like that music either..torture to have to sit and listen to it…the ONLY thing I agree with hillary onIs that why JayZ thug hit someone as he was leaving?What is so surprising about this?  Just another one of her “hate tactics” to use and abuse for her so called gain.  Minorities wake up!!  Do you really trust a Jezabel like Hillary!Beyonce and Hillary are some of the most racist people I’ve ever seen.. they both deserve each other and I would rather clean a bathroom with a toothbrush than to support either one of them… we do not need her or any of her blackliesmatter clan….We’ve been trying to tell people for months that Hillary hates America!  ALL Americans!  Beyonce, that goes for you, too.  She is an elitist of the worse kind that goes miles beyond racist or bigot.  You should vote Trump.why is beyonce so shocked I thought all trash stuck together, beyonce is just as bad as Hillary so it like the pot calling the kettle black or in this case negro!Corrections: *to not say and do these things*I think this is funny as hell…oh well she gets a  taste the fruits of Hilary Clinton lap it up baby girl aren’t you proud to support such a wonderful women✌No surprise….except to Beyonce.  Maybe now she will understand who Hillary really is behind her lies.  Not a nice woman and she’s only looking for votes.I doubt this story is true. I do however feel that Killary has just been using everyone, especially Black people in this country to get what she wants most in life. I have never felt that her concern for the plight of Black Americans is real. She moved to Harlem to try to prove to them that she accepts them, but it was just a move to become a Senator from NY. I’ll give it to her for keeping to her strategy.  If her record alone isn’t enough to convince people that she and Bill are just two crooks using the system, there’s nothing anyone can say that will change their mind. Barack Obama said it during the race against her,”Hillary Clinton is a liar, a crook, and has never done anything that she’s promised.”  He further stated that she isn’t fit to be president. I truly feel bad for those who are so geared toward their party that they will let Lucifer in the door.When are people going to “get it”? HILLARY CLINTON IS TRASH!!!No one likes the bitch Beyonce so truth is, Hillary gained thousands of votes…This is a clip from the show.Lol Beyonce.. Who cares? She is ghetto trash… Lmfao what did you expect Beyonce? You side with a liar, you get played..Who knows if this is true or not. I’m just surprised that JZ, ( Who seems to be an intelligent man) what allow himself and his wife to be used at the Democratic Party.Hillary Has bleeding hemroids! Cut her some slack… Bleeding hemroids is no laughing matter! If I knew, of a quick remedy, I would put my finger right on it… that would prepare her to be Potis.PLEASE NO MORE CLINTON CARTEL!  THEY WILL DESTROY THE USA AND LEAVE WITH EVEN MORE MONEY. SHES A LYING MURDERING THIEF.As an American citizen I recognize that the 2nd amendment is important but there is one that is greater, the 1st amendment.  By posting this I am expressing my 1st amendment right.  I hope you will be willing to allow me to express my views freely.  Otherwise you are doing exactly what you claim the government is doing. I have removed anything personally offensive to other  readers therefore I don’t see why you wouldn’t allow it.  Thanks in advance.To all the people on the Trump bandwagon, I have this message for you….wake up and use your brain! All of you spewing hatred over a false story. This is ridiculous. Donald Trump has been playing each and every one of you from the very beginning. Feeding off of your fears in order to win your votes. You are the sheep and he the master manipulator. This man can say absolutely anything and still you believe him. As a matter of fact he HAS said just about any and everything and you have believed him. Just like this story he has been caught in several lies throughout this campaign. It’s like he says whatever he feels is going to sway the most people his way regardless of the truth behind it. He changes his stance and position on topics as the wind blows and you blow right along with it. He rants on social media like an immature toddler and has no self-control at 70 years old!! Yes, he has built a real estate empire but that doesn’t mean he can lead this country. Those are two very different things. He is a character, a TV personality whose ego is so big that he wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He doesn’t have what it takes to lead the country. How foolish are all of you for allowing yourselves to fall for this circus? How do you elect a president that is ignorant regarding foreign policy? How as a woman can you elect a president that has no respect for you or your gender and has proven it time and time again? How as a minority (for the few that plan on voting for him) do you back someone who has no regard for you or your race? It’s not about being PC or sensitive to harsh words and rhetoric.  Listen to what he says.  He has told you exactly who and what he is….so believe him.  As a presidential candidate the man has zero substance. His entire campaign is built on tearing others down, spreading fear, and sheer negativity. He doesn’t have real plans for this country. The campaign slogan he uses “Make America Great Again” was stolen from Ronald Reagan. He is taking your most revered Republican figure and using it to his advantage.  He speaks very vaguely, constantly promising that he is going to fix this or that but never saying how. You are fed up with government but yet are willing to elect someone who is doing the same thing you claim politicians do.  You know why he can’t see how he’ll fix it?…because he doesn’t know how and doesn’t plan to. He just wants to be the most powerful man on the planet…that’s his end game and you are so foolishly his puppets helping him complete his goal. Whether conscious or subconscious, many of you are so blinded by your hatred for OUR president (who happens to be black) that you are willing to vote for the most unqualified candidate probably ever.  Like a cunning fox, he strategically changed his viewpoints on several key issues to align himself with the Republican party because it was his best chance of being nominated…AND IT WORKED!!! He’s probably the first non-Republican to be nominated by the Republican party. My fellow Americans what you are doing is an absolute disgrace and it is extremely sad that you have let him get this far and may get him all the way to the White House. You have been manipulated. You have been lied to. You have been hoodwinked and you have been bamboozled. You cherish your 2nd amendment right to bear arms over everything else and have allowed a con artist to take complete advantage of that. Trump won’t “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. He can’t. He knows there’s no greater America than the present version and is trying to take full advantage. Not convinced, well in what other time could a sleazy, racist, tax-evading, TV personality, with tons of money, no moral compass, and fake Christian values become President of the United States?  None.  Someone who has no government experience, little to no understanding of foreign policy, and no regard for the people of this country? There has never been another time.  No time like the present fellow citizens which is why if Trump is elected president America will never be great again but by the time you realize that it will be too late. Congratulations, by attempting to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”, you may have permanently ruined it for our children and for future generations.  Thanks a bunch.Before you get your panties in a wad, I do not mean for this post to sound as though I dislike America. It is a beautiful place with wonderful people.I am trying to figure out how to get away from the amount of control the government has on my life. Sad part is…There isn’t one….hear me out. I have to have money to do all of the things I need to live because somehow we got tricked into believing these papers and coins are powerful. And even if I bought land and did the homestead thing, I still have to pay taxes, but why? And to whom? And what do they do with the money I am paying them? It seems to me, like I’m making a bunch of crazy people rich while I’m left here wondering where I went wrong in life. (I’ll tell you, nowhere . I’m pretty great okay, some not nice things in my past, but this isn’t about that and I was young.)It seems to me like they just keep saying things like, no you don’t need wells anymore drink city water, and a lot of people do. And then they put fluoride in our water! (I won’t even go into the crisis of the Flint, Michigan water, that is still needing repaired, right? Or the recent pipeline problem.) And instead of trying to use cheaper more efficient fuel they continue to build pipelines through our lands that will poison our natural water sources. Not to mention the other tremendous issues ecologically which will result from not finding new ways.While we let them do it to us!But why? If we buy something from somewhere is it not ours? Then who are they to tell us what we can do on the land that we bought from them?! And why do we pay taxes for them to tell us what to do on property we bought from them?!I had a lot more but I lost where I was going, I’m so infuriated and astonished at what is happening all around me. Not just in America, but the world. (and beyond 👻👽)I’m telling you all if we don’t start to unite they will kill us all. More of us can be born and bred until they figure out how to get robots to be their minions.…..they keep telling me that I am free…….but they tell me what I can put in my body……..they tell me that I  am free… but THEY put stuff in MY body I would not and somehow that is okay…they tell me that I am free…..and they force me to pay for something that was not affordable in the first place, but they can give me a number where if I meet poverty level I won’t be forced to pay the fine for not buying the insurance I already could not afford….they tell me that I am free and they will give me everything I need while making it impossible to access or find out any information on anything…they tell me I am free.#WecanbefreeI don’t get a sound bite on this site; however, it was reported (and disputed on several websites) that Killary said: “I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”Is there any hope for our nation with all the liberal cool-aid drinking people hooked on Hillary’s liesREMEMBER, when you vote today, Hillary, the DNC, the Washington & Hollywood Elites, the Media AND the Obama Administration are COUNTING ON your POLITICAL CORRECTNESS, your INDIFFERENCE, AND your IGNORANCE of their CRIMES, MANIPULATIONS AND LIES!!!   It’s TIME for WE THE PEOPLE to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”  I guess Hillary may have some normal traits.STOP all this hate and learn to love each other, if you don’t like what others say take them out of your life, don’t fill it with hate, if there more love in this world this will make it better for everyone, colour is skin deep, under that, we are all the same, our flesh is red with blood, if yours is different then you came from another planet. Give a strange a hug and be kind to each other.Do black people just believe any bs?








During Friday Night’s Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio, Beyonce’ Knowles, known for her liberal ideals and anti-police rhetoric, was performing a free set for the murderous email queen when she suddenly stopped singing. She turned towards the side of the stage where Hillary was standing and said, “You’re in my earpiece.”Clinton, looking surprised, gave a smile and started clapping. Beyonce’ continued her performance but cut it short after just two songs. She was seen storming off stage and leaving the venue in a limousine shortly thereafter.Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-DestroyingA reporter from the local Parma Gazette asked around and found out from a sound tech that Clinton’s lapel mic was hot and all of the staff were listening when she said:“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”The Clinton campaign refused calls for comment and the roadie who gave the original report is now nowhere to be found. Hopefully his life insurance was up to date.It Was Demorats who started the KKK and they never left it. Time for black people to know you have used for over 50 years and you follow like sheepiesThat’s what Beyoncé gets!!!! LMAO  sorry not sorry for loving this!
And Killary can’t even be happy to get a free concert without being so
rude, I thought she needed the black vote? Guess BL don’t M to HRC!!!Paid them $62 million.  Not exactly free!Nothing matters to HRC except HRCLMAO!Actually hitlery paid them 62mil for the “free” concertIs it rude or did Beyonce deserve it like you imply? Can you make up your mind and whatnot or is this Tourettes?That concert wasn’t free. Campaign funds paid them $65,000,000 to jay z and BeyoncéHillary paid Beyon`ce and her husband $62 million to do this concert….it was not for free!!!http://endingthefed.com/clinton-campaign-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z-62-million-for-cleveland-concert-to-secure-black-votes.htmllmao it wasnt free she paid out 65 mil for that last sec concertThe best think that Beyonce can do is to vote for  Trump and let her know it.That will  make her even madder.LMAO….good enough for both of themI want to understand, why did Black Americans stand at attention, while Obama was talking down to them, as if they were part of a Chain Gang, taking orders from their prison guards? I thought people have freedom of choice, not someone elses ideology. Wake up Black America, the Democrats are playing you for your votes. The could give a crap less about your struggles or difficulties.What black people as if you know all black people, as if you know what all black people think or feel. You don’t know that…. Stop with the assumption. We ate not one mind.Hillary’s use of Jay-Z and other entertainers in a feeble attempt of pandering the minority vote demonstrates her / liberals thoughts regarding minority people of the nation.
If you don’t understand this, Think;
Why can’t she bring to you a message of intellectual value with no question in her mind you’ll understand?
She banks on her thoughts of your ignorance to further her agenda.
Non minority supporters of Hillary should be considered racist pigs for condoning her strategies…not sure what you mean?~ well… ur black ass is DEF. one minded, cuz you can not even fkn spell right…(Lol)  All Hail BLM… B*lack  L*azy  M*onkeys….(LMMF*W*AO)Hey Rev. Bill, talk like that is not going to unite this country.  Please, we have to stop the hate.Rev Bill your a jackass. I was a Trump supporter, but I certainly have no animosity toward the black people in our society.“We ate not one mind”  WOW…. LMAOObama is a white liberal anointed ROYALIST CLASS BLACK OVERSEER OF HIS RACE AND IS DOING HIS STEP N FETCH IT DUTIES TO HIS WHITE LIBERAL MASTERS~~~PERIOD!!!The “white liberal masters” are Jews, not white.I believe that roadie has done his last gig. His name was found on 4 ballots this weekhere is a better analysis of Dem/GOP stands on civil rights. phttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/republicans-party-of-civil-rightsAbsolutely true.AMEN!First get your history right. The Democrats were “Dixicrats” when they formed the KKK, and they are now YOUR KKK!  Black people were no part of the Dixicrats!  Don’t try to give us your white supremistthe dems and republicans have switched positions through the years their beleifs at that time would have made  the democrats republicans now so in other woulds the philosophy than is the same as the present day repulicans ill believe this when i hear it fro BeyonceOh the Ole switcharoo huh? Lmao! So Strom Thurman was the whole democratic party huh? He was the only democrat to switch parties during that time! Wow big switch huh? SMDHHe beyonce there s time to vote TRUMP!I agree!!Time to makes America great again! Vote for Trump!Don’t be fooled you fool. You and your family was poor then, too.Hilly is nothing but trash! I do not see why the Hollywood set are into her when she just uses them for their money and her gain!
Wonder what she says about them when they are not around?Because they are involved in the Illuminati also.The Hollywood set follows Hillary because they live in the same elitist world Hillsry does.  They are completely out of touch with the reality we live in. They are blind to the hypocrisy and corruption in the Democratic Party because it doesn’t touch them.Exactly!idk why she would think she is any different than all the others they use and then toss aside like yesterdays garbage…smdh….i thought she was supposed to be so dam smart….HA….guess that was a lie tooTheir Sheeple, and Killary was probably loaded again!!!Their sheeple? Whose sheeple? Trump or Hillary?Money… They’re paid!Hollywood is owned by Zionists. Just like Hillary.I am a Zionist and I am for Trump!!!I don’t think you understand the term zionist.   “a movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.”Hillary Clinton is definitely NOT in favor of the Jewish nation prospering in their own land no matter what drivel comes out of her mouth.You are full of crap.  She is owned by Soros who hates Israel and Zionists!!!
Get educated!Seriously, get your facts straight, before sending it all out into the population
. The Devil aka, Illuminati,  owns alot of the souls of Actors. Musicians and such.. they sell their souls to the Evil doers and then the become actors , musicians etc. Makes me sick… Obama had a bunch of them to the white house just recently and gave them medals of some sort,  check it out , Obama , Clinton’s,  Soros and some top politicians  in power are all part of this Sick Society of Satan worshippers and child molesters….They are hoping for favors or the ability to rent a night in the Lincoln Bedroom!Because like her, most of those in Hollywood HAVE NO MORALS!When will people learn that the Clintons’ are nothing but users?  They have no respect for anyone,  They use these celebrites to get votes and then talk trash about them.  Sickening..I agreeHope this post opens up the truth of who Clinton really is and what she stands for..HERSELF!Vote Trump..he has your back and your interests too, and will put our America FIRST!!I HOPE BEYONCE  WILL TELL EVERYONE WHAT WAS SAID IT HAD TO HURT HER BAD I AM SOORY FOR BEYONCEI bet, that this would upset Obama and Michelle…Jay-Z is their best friends…Sorry for Beyonce. She doesn’t deserve Respect after what she has said about all Law EnforcementAMEN! She is trash!Yes she took advantage of the superbowl and made her agenda one of hate and violence
She and her dance team were paying homage to The black panthers who are nothing but hate and destruction.Sorry for that police trashing pos! No, nope, I can’t stand the way she acts and what she stands for. As far as Clinton, does this crap actually surprise anybody? She is simple white trash and all she cares about is Hillary and the All Mighty Dollar.I am NOT one bit sorry for Beyoncé! She has been dumb enough to follow that  heating, killing, lying old bat! She should know Hillary is a back-stabber!Ummm, hello! Bernie Sanders got paid hush money. It will be interesting to see how they compensate Beyoncé to keep her quiet. Trump 2016!62 mi!!ion so farBeyonce’ and JZ actually $62,000,000f fir that twi sing ‘concert’ . To draw in tbe black Vote!!Well, when you play with s**t you are going to get it on you. Hope Beyoncé learned from it. Clintons are white trash users.To hell with Beyoncé! That’s what you get for supporting a back stabbing criminal! “F” the clintonsI’M not surprised.  Beyonce is a adequate singer, her dress? is questionable.
I  wouldn’t take b a FREE CD OF HER CRAP MUSICTwo worthless creatures  cut from the same cloth ha haha.How much money did it cost Beyoncé to be there?  That was one expensive lesson.Nothing! She was paid for that. Wonder if 62m is enough to take the beating from hrc words68 million each her and JzHer TRUE side will come out ! !I think it did come out with that comment! She’s a hypocrite!!! And liar and conartist! The epitome of con games!!!Her true side IS out!I just it doesn’t come too late.No surprise Beyonce…please stop following her Hillary and Obama think they are the masters of destruction of theUSA she is using you allllll …Under her watch people are getting seriiusly hurt ..physically.
Please Vote TrumpIt shows Hillary’s hypocrisy, but Beyonce does sing trash.If this is true, it’s a huge beatdown for the Hildabeast! If Beyonce talks about it, or any of the staff that heard her, that’ll blow her black voter bloc right out if the water!and that would be a blessing for sure….#VOTETRUMPHow did you come to that conclusion? Not all black people follow Beyonce.——-  BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HER —– LIKE WE KNOW  (HER)I have kknow her the entire time of her career she has failed at everything she done she got a rapist off through corruption and has done nothing but corruption and sick twisted things her whole life she has sold out the Bengazhi men lives to this very election with nothing but corruption satanic cult to the very selling out of her kid yeah I know killary and I know about the coup of our government that was just countercoup to take her down with all her sick things she has done to America and it’s people.Is anyone Surprised . they don’t care who they useOutstanding  comment! !How can I join your group! I think exactly as u do and want to save this great country from idiot liberals!!!If you are a”deplorable conservative no matter what race or color”Welcome a board!We Deploables stand with TRUMP!!!vote for Trump. It has never been the people campaign, it has been for the ultra wealthy. She has openly said that she is going to raise taxes on us. Obamacare is going up… a lot. They plan to make us a poor 3rd world country. Donald hopes to repair what the last 24 years have done. I hope you can help us give him a chance.Well bouncy when will you and your moronic friends get it ? HILLARY AND BILL don’t like niggas and Jews they are only a means to an end !!!!!!!!They don’t like Catholics eitherOr AmericansGot that right..all of you…Totally uncalled forAmerica will be sold out,the hour is at hand,and she has already turned Her back on God and the only thing left is judgementThe bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like the is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your  eyes  you still have time to save yourselves .The bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like She is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your eyes you still have time to save yourselves .The Clintons are evil ungodly pos…   Moses led his people (slaves) out of bondage of Egypt and AFTER he parted the waters and let GOD’S persecuted people thru, GOD let waters flow back and kill the bad guys that had enslaved God/Moses people.  Clintons just wanted Beyonce to get black people vote before they let the waters come back through.  They are the bad guysKevin, you make a good point! Let’s hope her users open their eyes if they haven’t already voted for the Queen!Now maybe she will see Trump is the best choice Killarney is TRASHHow much were you paid?Hollywood is the straw that stirs the drink for TRAsH LIKE the Clintons, Obama and George SarosYeah, my bro and I was there. That look in Beyonce eye boyee dat shit was NASTY at HILLARY!Gave her the stink eye and stank face!!HEY YOU NEED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW IT WAS TRUE SO THEY DON’T VOTE FOR hILLARY THAT WAS WRONG WHAT SHE SAID ABOUT BEYONCEAnd that ladies and gentlemen is a racist that wants to be your President. Wake up folks and vote Trump.is there video of this?Can’t seem to find one. Which song was it?I hope this is true. Would love to watch the libtardian left  tearing themselves apart…..And this is to prove what? There is no audio or video evidence to corroborate the story. Just a right wing “reporter” (and I use that term loosely)  with a fantastical story idea which isn’t original. Simply took what happened with Trump and his hot mic (whice had evidence) and trying to turn it on Clinton. This isn’t news. It’s fallacy, and not done well at all. Lazy reporting.You’re one of those idiots, believe everything they say about Trump but all the dirt on Hillary is just right-wing blather and lies. I’ll hit you up next time I need to count sheep.HAHAHAAnd what evidence do you have that it’s false? Beyonce did stop in the song and Beyonce did take after only two songs without further adieu. So you don’t believe this story but rather have Hillary make a fool out of youDo you know all or just can’t stand the truth? Wise up , Clinton is a user , she got caught , it’s not the first time.But it’s like something she would say!!Daniel, maybe its time to pull your head out of your ass!Beyonce, tell me she did not!  I don’t put nothing pass
 the Really Rottens!!!! sorry mf’s!I see any (polite) dissenting comment gets held for moderation then deleted. How liberal of you.Just hadn’t been moderated yet. We have a small team.Really? Because I’ve read several already.Sorry this is b.s. I watched the show and nobody stormed off stage Beyonce was hugging Hilary and handed her the mic before kissing her and calmy walked off stage with her husband. It’s amazing the roadie couldn’t be found after his bogus claim!That’s what i saw on the video…I’d be glad for someone to provide video evidence to the contrary!!She hasn’t learned to keep her big mouth shut yet.But Beyoncé still preformed her services for the racist murderer without defending her music or her people didn’t she.For once Hillary was being truthful! Why was the pole dancer even there?Well that’s one time she didn’t lieHaha. So true!she and her subservient  ilk always been  slaves for fat*ss clinton and that ain’t gonna change.She uses Ppl. like no one else !.She hates Minorities until election day !In the Beyonce story, don’t mean to be picky but correct spelling is WHOAWell it surely is crap pseudo music.There ya go!  Just goes to show you Beyonce that you are just another Negro to her even if you sold your soul to the devilI doubt it is true.Done you twos heard it and was you two sittin to gether?How many times does this have to happen before they realize the ruthless person they are bowing and scraping too..about time they find out.So damn funny and fitting! Maybe now these”artists”and I use the term loosely,will finally realize what a piece of scum Hillery is.I can’t stand Hillary, but let’s not be like her and the Dem’s media, I want to hear her own voice saying these things. any person of reasonable intelligence in either party, should want to see & hear real proof of wrong doing.AgreeWow what a ungrateful witch !! There is something wrong with her, she is fake as hell.MAYBE PEOPLE WILL START REALIZING HILLARY DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THEM….IT’S ALL FOR HER POLITICAL GAIN AND SHE WILL SAY AND DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!  WE CANNOT HAVE HER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN!!!!The Clintons have,always been for themselves. All the money in the Clinton Foundation  was put there by donors,TO the Clintons for a “charityfoundation” ..which turns out the money from the Foundation is used as their personal “bank account” to use the money for their own family…Busted as the hypocritical, pathological-psychotic thief and traitor she is.THAT WAS THE REAL HILLARY,THE BLACK COMMUNITY HAS BEEN KIDDING IT’S SELF FOR DECADES THINKING THE DEMOCRATS WERE WITH THEM , FOR THEM. DEMOCRATS ARE WHAT BLACKS SHOULD CALL THE ANTI-AMERICAN RACIST PARTY. THE D.N.C. HAS HAD A HATETRED FOR BLACKS FOR 150 YRS AND WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP THEM UNDER THEIR THUMP AND DOWN ON THE PLANTATION. IT’S TIME FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY TO PULL THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS OUT OF THE SAND AND TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL DEMOCRATS, ‘CAUSE IF THEY DON’T THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT #’S WILL EXPLODE  AND POVERTY WILL EXPLODE….THAT’S DEMOCRAT BIG GOVERNMENT CONTROL. CLINTON IS BIG GOVERNMENT ,IS AN ELITIST,IS A RACIST,AND DID TAKE CAMPAIGN FUNDS FROM THEIR BABY THE K.K.K. FREEDOM FROM DEMOCTAT CONTROL IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP.Pop diesel..agree with your post 100%!!  Ok if we borrow it and share??So Jay Z and Beyonce conduct a FREE concert for Hillary Clinton.. Hum.. Yet Donald Trump stands alone with JUST his 15,000 supporters, who came for JUST Trump.. no help form the so called “star power”!! And let’s not forget his republican party.. Talk about weak!!
I personally find it very insulting that Hillary Clinton thinks so low of the black community, she plays them for a fool and thinks they are down right stupid! I hope you all enjoyed the FREE concert she supplied you with. Because that ALL she will do for you!
Think about this, Hillary Clinton thinks that the only way black people will ever understand the election process and the fact that they should even vote, period…is to use the words FREE and WELFARE. Hillary has purposely bound a large percentage of the black community in a vice, locked them down and they are under her sick control!
GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!! DON’T BELIEVE THE SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN THEY SAY “THERE IS NO WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN, HE HAS A NARROW PATH” it’s all mind control.. they want us to feel there is no point to go out and vote if SHE is going to win anyway!! GO OUT AND VOTE!!! Bring your family and friends, tell your coworkers to through their kids in the mini van and get to the polls!!
Beyonce.. put that fist up.. you know, the one you display so proudly in honor for the black panthers.. and punch yourself right in the mouth with it!
Whoever your voting for just GO VOTE!!I agree, Missy.  Free stuff.  I saw a clip from the show and Hillary was yet again offensive after JZ and his crew did a horrific, violent rap that called women bitches and hoes and talk about drugs and killin niggas – oh yes, and hoes.  She was euphoric as she clapped at the end shouting happily, “THIS IS YOU, AMERICA!  THIS IS WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT!” All the people clapped and shouted approval.  Really people?  She likes to pander to black people with a tremendous disconnect.  She actually believes black people are all gangsta… and ignorant.
Meanwhile, Trump STILL had more people at his rallies without free food and free concert tickets.  I hope those people had a good time and then vote trump anyway.Even Left lib’d can’t say it’s ok for what Hillary did! Truthful who the hell want a EVIL👺LYING MURERING WITCH I’ll NEVER FORGET BENGHAZI!She is always flapping her yap! Why more people haven’t caught on is beyond me?  I find it rather amusing, how stupid her minions truly are…Why there isn’t more truth from HRC’s *#@&^%! garbage gutter mouth???  It’s because HilLiarY does not allow anyone in her presence to have a cell phone.http://www.mediazone.news/index.php/2016/11/04/every-american-will-
salute-with-pride-nypd-announces-they-are-preparing-to-arrest-
hillary-clinton-on-pedophilia-and-treason-charges/#comment-1385Let’s get on with it!Clinton doesn’t even know how NOT to bite a gift horse in the mouth!! What a stupid, arrogant, hateful person – couldn’t she have just enjoyed the show?The real Hillary just opened her racist bigoted mouth. Go figure!Ooops, the only time Hillary doesn’t lie is when she thinks no one is listening.Go 4 it .Hillary will bust it wide openThey deserved each other .You and your man are always welcome on the Trump train!!!! We one big happy family!! No we are not racist!!Hillary is smarter than B…and Z….But not T…Trump….the blacks have heard Hillary say racist things …they are stupid FOR supporting her.Where is the video showing this. .. young voters don’t realize that she is a Grand Puba Princess  the KKK. . Her mentor was bird. They Democratic Party has been the one for over a hundred years keeping people enslaved and that’s what your welfare is.House keeper printing classified emails and Clinton has good judgement.! Go figure.Does this surprise anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well it is ghetto directed trash music.  Clinton knows how to fuk things up. LolHILLARY IS SO UGLY AND  SHE WOULD NOT BE THE PRESIDENT THAT WE NEED.thank you..I would love to be the Hangman for Her and Bill Clinton!LOL how stupid..she gets bustedas always, killary will get a free pass.
liberals are nothing if not unified. they hate each other behind closed doors, but they march in lockstep to vote.This is proof I’ll be voting Green Party!!
The LORD is in control!!I don’t care for Beyonce or her music but have enough class to never say something like that whether anyone could hear me or not!Hillary is a failure even at her own eventsShe is just as racist as Beyonce.Oh God, her private persona has been leaked again.  I hate when that happens.  She just messed with the Queen B.DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON HILLARHOID, SHE’LL CUT YOUR THROAT, OR STOP PUTTING YOUR MONEY IN HER POCKET SHE’LL TAKE YOU DOWN SOME WAY.Gotta love it!She is a hypocrite right along with Michelle Obama. They are offended by the People’s Choice for President Donald Trump’s locker room word Pussy and yet Tom Jones sings it: What’s New Pussy Cat and then they use Beyonce foul mouth and F words and N words to get people to go and vote for her. She even has Obama committing criminal act telling illegals to vote and they won’t get in trouble…that is a felony also. And she uses the Democrats foundation of KKK against Donald when they are using black lives matter group to cause disturbances at our rallies and that black singer using the F and N for every other word during a concert for Hillary herself. She is a hypocrite.She is such a lovely grant mother type person, trash although I am not a fan of Beyoncé either, but I certainly not kiss her backside then trash her! But the kindly lady (NOT) who wants to be our president has no such qualms! She is trash a traitor, liar, thief and many things America does not know about yet!well..believe it or not, that was not racist….I don’t like that music either..torture to have to sit and listen to it…the ONLY thing I agree with hillary onIs that why JayZ thug hit someone as he was leaving?What is so surprising about this?  Just another one of her “hate tactics” to use and abuse for her so called gain.  Minorities wake up!!  Do you really trust a Jezabel like Hillary!Beyonce and Hillary are some of the most racist people I’ve ever seen.. they both deserve each other and I would rather clean a bathroom with a toothbrush than to support either one of them… we do not need her or any of her blackliesmatter clan….We’ve been trying to tell people for months that Hillary hates America!  ALL Americans!  Beyonce, that goes for you, too.  She is an elitist of the worse kind that goes miles beyond racist or bigot.  You should vote Trump.why is beyonce so shocked I thought all trash stuck together, beyonce is just as bad as Hillary so it like the pot calling the kettle black or in this case negro!Corrections: *to not say and do these things*I think this is funny as hell…oh well she gets a  taste the fruits of Hilary Clinton lap it up baby girl aren’t you proud to support such a wonderful women✌No surprise….except to Beyonce.  Maybe now she will understand who Hillary really is behind her lies.  Not a nice woman and she’s only looking for votes.I doubt this story is true. I do however feel that Killary has just been using everyone, especially Black people in this country to get what she wants most in life. I have never felt that her concern for the plight of Black Americans is real. She moved to Harlem to try to prove to them that she accepts them, but it was just a move to become a Senator from NY. I’ll give it to her for keeping to her strategy.  If her record alone isn’t enough to convince people that she and Bill are just two crooks using the system, there’s nothing anyone can say that will change their mind. Barack Obama said it during the race against her,”Hillary Clinton is a liar, a crook, and has never done anything that she’s promised.”  He further stated that she isn’t fit to be president. I truly feel bad for those who are so geared toward their party that they will let Lucifer in the door.When are people going to “get it”? HILLARY CLINTON IS TRASH!!!No one likes the bitch Beyonce so truth is, Hillary gained thousands of votes…This is a clip from the show.Lol Beyonce.. Who cares? She is ghetto trash… Lmfao what did you expect Beyonce? You side with a liar, you get played..Who knows if this is true or not. I’m just surprised that JZ, ( Who seems to be an intelligent man) what allow himself and his wife to be used at the Democratic Party.Hillary Has bleeding hemroids! Cut her some slack… Bleeding hemroids is no laughing matter! If I knew, of a quick remedy, I would put my finger right on it… that would prepare her to be Potis.PLEASE NO MORE CLINTON CARTEL!  THEY WILL DESTROY THE USA AND LEAVE WITH EVEN MORE MONEY. SHES A LYING MURDERING THIEF.As an American citizen I recognize that the 2nd amendment is important but there is one that is greater, the 1st amendment.  By posting this I am expressing my 1st amendment right.  I hope you will be willing to allow me to express my views freely.  Otherwise you are doing exactly what you claim the government is doing. I have removed anything personally offensive to other  readers therefore I don’t see why you wouldn’t allow it.  Thanks in advance.To all the people on the Trump bandwagon, I have this message for you….wake up and use your brain! All of you spewing hatred over a false story. This is ridiculous. Donald Trump has been playing each and every one of you from the very beginning. Feeding off of your fears in order to win your votes. You are the sheep and he the master manipulator. This man can say absolutely anything and still you believe him. As a matter of fact he HAS said just about any and everything and you have believed him. Just like this story he has been caught in several lies throughout this campaign. It’s like he says whatever he feels is going to sway the most people his way regardless of the truth behind it. He changes his stance and position on topics as the wind blows and you blow right along with it. He rants on social media like an immature toddler and has no self-control at 70 years old!! Yes, he has built a real estate empire but that doesn’t mean he can lead this country. Those are two very different things. He is a character, a TV personality whose ego is so big that he wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He doesn’t have what it takes to lead the country. How foolish are all of you for allowing yourselves to fall for this circus? How do you elect a president that is ignorant regarding foreign policy? How as a woman can you elect a president that has no respect for you or your gender and has proven it time and time again? How as a minority (for the few that plan on voting for him) do you back someone who has no regard for you or your race? It’s not about being PC or sensitive to harsh words and rhetoric.  Listen to what he says.  He has told you exactly who and what he is….so believe him.  As a presidential candidate the man has zero substance. His entire campaign is built on tearing others down, spreading fear, and sheer negativity. He doesn’t have real plans for this country. The campaign slogan he uses “Make America Great Again” was stolen from Ronald Reagan. He is taking your most revered Republican figure and using it to his advantage.  He speaks very vaguely, constantly promising that he is going to fix this or that but never saying how. You are fed up with government but yet are willing to elect someone who is doing the same thing you claim politicians do.  You know why he can’t see how he’ll fix it?…because he doesn’t know how and doesn’t plan to. He just wants to be the most powerful man on the planet…that’s his end game and you are so foolishly his puppets helping him complete his goal. Whether conscious or subconscious, many of you are so blinded by your hatred for OUR president (who happens to be black) that you are willing to vote for the most unqualified candidate probably ever.  Like a cunning fox, he strategically changed his viewpoints on several key issues to align himself with the Republican party because it was his best chance of being nominated…AND IT WORKED!!! He’s probably the first non-Republican to be nominated by the Republican party. My fellow Americans what you are doing is an absolute disgrace and it is extremely sad that you have let him get this far and may get him all the way to the White House. You have been manipulated. You have been lied to. You have been hoodwinked and you have been bamboozled. You cherish your 2nd amendment right to bear arms over everything else and have allowed a con artist to take complete advantage of that. Trump won’t “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. He can’t. He knows there’s no greater America than the present version and is trying to take full advantage. Not convinced, well in what other time could a sleazy, racist, tax-evading, TV personality, with tons of money, no moral compass, and fake Christian values become President of the United States?  None.  Someone who has no government experience, little to no understanding of foreign policy, and no regard for the people of this country? There has never been another time.  No time like the present fellow citizens which is why if Trump is elected president America will never be great again but by the time you realize that it will be too late. Congratulations, by attempting to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”, you may have permanently ruined it for our children and for future generations.  Thanks a bunch.Before you get your panties in a wad, I do not mean for this post to sound as though I dislike America. It is a beautiful place with wonderful people.I am trying to figure out how to get away from the amount of control the government has on my life. Sad part is…There isn’t one….hear me out. I have to have money to do all of the things I need to live because somehow we got tricked into believing these papers and coins are powerful. And even if I bought land and did the homestead thing, I still have to pay taxes, but why? And to whom? And what do they do with the money I am paying them? It seems to me, like I’m making a bunch of crazy people rich while I’m left here wondering where I went wrong in life. (I’ll tell you, nowhere . I’m pretty great okay, some not nice things in my past, but this isn’t about that and I was young.)It seems to me like they just keep saying things like, no you don’t need wells anymore drink city water, and a lot of people do. And then they put fluoride in our water! (I won’t even go into the crisis of the Flint, Michigan water, that is still needing repaired, right? Or the recent pipeline problem.) And instead of trying to use cheaper more efficient fuel they continue to build pipelines through our lands that will poison our natural water sources. Not to mention the other tremendous issues ecologically which will result from not finding new ways.While we let them do it to us!But why? If we buy something from somewhere is it not ours? Then who are they to tell us what we can do on the land that we bought from them?! And why do we pay taxes for them to tell us what to do on property we bought from them?!I had a lot more but I lost where I was going, I’m so infuriated and astonished at what is happening all around me. Not just in America, but the world. (and beyond 👻👽)I’m telling you all if we don’t start to unite they will kill us all. More of us can be born and bred until they figure out how to get robots to be their minions.…..they keep telling me that I am free…….but they tell me what I can put in my body……..they tell me that I  am free… but THEY put stuff in MY body I would not and somehow that is okay…they tell me that I am free…..and they force me to pay for something that was not affordable in the first place, but they can give me a number where if I meet poverty level I won’t be forced to pay the fine for not buying the insurance I already could not afford….they tell me that I am free and they will give me everything I need while making it impossible to access or find out any information on anything…they tell me I am free.#WecanbefreeI don’t get a sound bite on this site; however, it was reported (and disputed on several websites) that Killary said: “I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”Is there any hope for our nation with all the liberal cool-aid drinking people hooked on Hillary’s liesREMEMBER, when you vote today, Hillary, the DNC, the Washington & Hollywood Elites, the Media AND the Obama Administration are COUNTING ON your POLITICAL CORRECTNESS, your INDIFFERENCE, AND your IGNORANCE of their CRIMES, MANIPULATIONS AND LIES!!!   It’s TIME for WE THE PEOPLE to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”  I guess Hillary may have some normal traits.STOP all this hate and learn to love each other, if you don’t like what others say take them out of your life, don’t fill it with hate, if there more love in this world this will make it better for everyone, colour is skin deep, under that, we are all the same, our flesh is red with blood, if yours is different then you came from another planet. Give a strange a hug and be kind to each other.Do black people just believe any bs?








Empire News is looking for creative and talented writers. If you would like to become a contributing writer for Empire News please send us a message and let us know why.  Also, if you haven’t done so already, please register an account here.Empire News is always seeking talented writers and/or compelling content.  If you are interested in becoming part of the Empire News family, please complete the questions below and submit the form for consideration.
Name (required)     Email (required)     Website (if applicable)    
Please provide links to any other published works for which you are responsible.
In a paragraph or less, explain what Empire News means to you. (required)
Please "pitch" three potential headlines. (required)
Please provide a writing sample (500 words or less) (required)








NASHVILLE, Tennessee – Country legend Loretta Lynch, best known for her his song The Coal Miner’s Daughter, says she is “sick to death” of getting hate mail, emails, and tweets aimed at former Attorney General Loretta Lynch.“I don’t know the woman, but Republicans apparently hate that bitch,” said Lynn, 84. “I get hundreds of emails and tweets each day, confusing me with her. I don’t know why. I sing music, she’s just some black attorney. I don’t see the connection.”Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who was appointed by Barack Obama, has never been liked by Republican voters, but has recently been in the news for Republican reports that she is tied to a Clinton scandal.This is not the first time that celebrities have been confused for one another. Rachel Roy was allegedly the woman referenced as having an affair with Beyonce’s husband, and many Beyonce fans attacked TV personality Rachel Ray via twitter. Adam Sandler often gets hate mail that should be directed at Gilbert Godfried, also. Although he reportedly also gets plenty of his own as well.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DECATUR, Alabama – Police were recently tipped off to a reported meth lab that was being run by Walmart employees in what they are calling one of the biggest busts in decades.Police Chief Robert Garner said that an anonymous tip was left on their drug hotline, expressing concern about a horrible burning smell that was coming from the back of the Decatur WalMart facility. When an officer was sent to investigate, the store was instantly shut down as he discovered a meth lab that took up the entire back room.“The thing was massive, and contained enough materials to make hundreds, if not thousands, of pounds of crystal meth,” said Chief Garner. “Apparently, every employee in the store was a part of it, from working with and gathering materials, to cooking, to selling it outside of the store. It was a full, massive operation.”No one from Walmart’s corporate office was available for comment, but an unofficial spokesperson did say that they were “disappointed” that they weren’t able to use their company discount to get meth before the place was shut down.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BEAUMONT, Texas –48-year old Henri Paul Johnson was killed last week after he was accidentally cremated during a long shift at the Coroner’s Office Morgue.According to police, Johnson took a nap on a stretcher after working over 16 hours, and was mistaken for another man who was killed in a car accident, and scheduled to be cremated.Jena Davis, who was not the co-worker who cremated Johnson, says they heard him scream for a moment, but didn’t know where the sound was coming from.“At first, we didn’t understand where the sound was coming from. When we realized what was happening, it was too late. We shut down the heating system, but he was already dead.”Davis says that Johnson was exposed to temperatures of well over 1500 degrees Fahrenheit, and there was nothing that could have been done. A new employee, who had forgotten to check the toe tag on the body before proceeding, was blamed for the accident, but no charges have yet been filed. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








ST. LOUIS, Missouri – Chuck Berry, the man that many people say originated modern rock ‘n’ roll music, was reported as having passed away at the age of 90 by mainstream media, and the topic was trending on Facebook and other social media sites by mid-day Saturday. As it turns out, though, the reports were false.“Chuck is still alive and kicking, albeit with a lot less force than a few years ago,” said a friend of Berry’s, Marvin Richardson. “I was just hanging out with him last night. He played a few licks on the guitar for me, and he got a good laugh out of the fact that everyone thought he was dead. He said he was only taking a nap!”Berry, who has a career that spans over 60 years, is the latest in what some people would refer to as a “death hoax,” but in this case, it seems that Berry is in good spirits about it and doesn’t think it was a traditional hoax.“I don’t think anyone said I had died on purpose to fool people,” said Berry. “I think that my family, my friends, and even my doctors really thought I was dead. I do sleep really, really soundly, and sometimes I think my heart may actually be stopping. I guess this just confirms it.”Berry will perform his 300th concert at Blueberry Hill next month, assuming he hasn’t died for real by that point.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








HOUSTON, Texas – A representative for the Atlanta Falcons says that the team has made an official complaint with the NFL, stating that the New England Patriots cheated during the second half of the Super Bowl, causing the Falcons to lose.In official documents signed by Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank and endorsed by head coach Dan Quinn, the team alleges that the New England Patriots cheated by having, “huge, over-inflated balls.”“During the first half of the game, the Patriots clearly were using their normal balls. Hell, they might have been using slightly under-inflated balls, honestly,” said coach Dan Quinn. “I don’t know exactly what happened after the 3rd quarter, but when they came back out on the field, that team was definitely playing with an entirely new set of balls – and their balls were huge, and way larger than before.”The NFL is not taking the accusation lightly, as the Patriots have known to play with their balls on previous occasions, with team quarterback and GOAT Tom Brady even being suspended for several games for knowingly playing with deflated balls.“We are looking at the Patriots balls very closely, as we cannot and will not take any accusation lightly of the Patriots playing with either small or large balls,” said NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell. “I have personally taken up the task of looking at Tom Brady’s balls, and will report my findings at a later conference.In the mean time, football fans across New England are overjoyed at their team bringing home their 5th Super Bowl win.“It’s a great time to be alive,” said Patriots Super Fan Mark Chilsom. “I don’t care a lick about balls, to be honest. That was the greatest game I’ve ever seen played, with a record-setting comeback. If it was because Tom Brady and the team came out to play with huge balls in the 4th, well the so be it.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








SAN FRANCISCO, California – NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick has taken a lot of heat this week after he didn’t stand for the National Anthem, claiming he was making a point about African-American struggles in the country. Now, though, Kaepernick is taking it a step further, saying that he plans to never stand again.“It’s not going to be easy, and I fully know that,” said Kaepernick. “But the struggle is real for my black brothers, and so I’m going to do the world’s most intense sit-in. I’ll never stand up again if that’s what it takes for people to notice that African-Americans have it bad.”Many criticize Kaepernick because he doesn’t know anything about the struggle of black America – or white America, for that matter.“Yes, I am only half-black, and yes, I was adopted and raised by rich, white parents, but still, fuck whitey, and black power, or whatever,” he said. “Shit, all I know is that I’ll break my legs if it means I can sit down forever.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








MIAMI, Florida – College football team The Florida Gators has announced it will be changing its name following the death of a two-year-old boy who was grabbed and drowned by an alligator while vacationing with his family at the Disney World Resort in Florida.The alligator snatched the toddler as he played at the edge of the Seven Seas Lagoon, a manmade lake at the Walt Disney resort.The boy’s parents, who were relaxing on the white sand shore nearby, sprang into action in a failed attempt to pry their child from the predator’s grip. A lifeguard who was on duty was unable to reach the boy before the alligator swam away with him.Although the parents did not request the SEC Eastern Division champions change their name, the athletics department at the State University System of Florida says they have received a lot of public pressure. Coach Jim McElwain says he fears it may affect the team. “Personally, I think alligators get a bad rap. I’m worried a name change this close to start of the season is unrealistic and may affect team moral.”The team has not settled on a new name, but the Raging Retires and Orange Crushers has been proposed.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








VALLEJO, California –World-famous competitive eater Joey “Jaws” Chestnut, a competitive eater who was currently ranked second in the world, has reportedly died from acute acid reflux, a disease he developed over a career of eating excessive amounts of food.“Joey was in incredible health for a person who consumed hundreds of thousands of calories as if it was his job,” said Dr. Emmett Brown. “Unfortunately, despite his good health and the calories not causing him to be massively overweight, the one thing he could not get past was his horrible case of acid reflux disease, which he contracted after a particularly difficult challenge of eating the World’s Hottest Hot Wings in 2011.”Joey Chestnut had competed, and won, the Nathan’s Hot Dog Eating Challenge multiple years, as well as many other challenges, including hot wings, meatballs, pizza, and an entire turkey dinner.“Joey was a God to me,” said up-and-coming competitive eater Kimball Rowell. “I competed against him once in a pizza eating contest, and I ate 4 slices in 2 minutes. He ate 3 full pizzas. The man is a legend, and his legacy will last a lifetime.”Chestnut was scheduled to compete this summer at the Nathan’s Hot Dog contest once again, where he hoped to regain his title as world champion.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Donald Trump has made plans to officially move the White House from Washington, D.C. to Las Vegas, where he owns property and says that the taxes are “much more manageable.”“Moving the White House to Las Vegas will save tax payers an estimated $20 million a year, as the land values are much lower in the desert,” said Trump. “I am working with the best planners, the best men out there, to move the White House safely and securely.”There is no word on whether Las Vegas will become our nation’s capital after the White House is relocated, but Trump did say that he wouldn’t personally have any problem with that.“There’s a lot of money in Las Vegas, and a lot of beautiful women. We’d be lucky to have Las Vegas be our nation’s capital. It’s a beautiful, fun, fast-paced city, and everyone who goes there loves it. I love it. I own plenty of property there. It’s great. Plus, what happens there stays there, so we could get away with a lot more there than we could here in D.C.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – After a slew of celebrity devices were hacked, a group of anonymous individuals have begun leaking nude images and sex tapes recorded by the celebrity victims. The latest seems to be President Donald Trump himself, as the group of hackers claims they have a sex tape that was taken “very recently,” but does not feature Trump’s wife Melania.“We have procured a very salacious, very non-sexy video,” posted an anonymous hacker on the forum Reddit. “I’ve seen the video myself. I wish I hadn’t, but I have. And the person in the video is definitely Trump, and the other person is decidedly NOT Melania.”According to the post, which included screenshots that we are not able to re-post here, the group would be releasing the full video if Trump did not step down from the Presidency. Although most would assume that he would never do that just to save face, the poster seems to think that the video is definitely something that will “get Trump thinking.”“President Trump will know exactly what video we have if we mention the words ‘donkey’ and ‘whips,'” said the post. “We do not think that Trump, nor the man in the video with him, would want this information going public. Whoops, guess I slipped up there…” 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. –White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was hospitalized after he contracted what he said was “bird flu” from eating a bucket of KFC chicken that had spoiled.According to his doctor, Spicer merely had a case of the trots after ingesting day-old chicken, but the Press Secretary is “positive” that it is Bird Flu.“I ate bad chicken, which is a bird. Everyone knows that chickens are birds,” said Spicer from his hospital bed. “When you eat bad birds, you get bird flu. I don’t know why that is so hard for these doctors to understand.”Spicer says that he has contracted bird flu several times in his life, and that his mom was always the best at making him feel better when he was a boy.“Mom would make me a hot broth and I’d eat that with crackers, and then I’d lay down and I felt better,” said Spicer. “It has happened several times, but not in many years. Mom also helped me after I contracted mad cow disease after I ate spoiled hamburger one time. My mom is a phenomenal woman.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Trump announced this morning that he would be taking a 2-month vacation beginning April 1st, returning to Washington in June, after a “stressful” first quarter of 2017.“There are a lot of things that have come across my desk, and it’s been overwhelming,” said Trump. “I think that it will be a good time to take a break, and let things really setting in my head so I can continue Making America Great Again.”Trump owns a home in the Bahamas, but will be renting a massive villa instead of using the home he owns.“I want to see new parts of the area, and so I will be renting some property for the two months I’m gone. This will only put a minor burden on tax payers, as it will fall under Presidential Service.”President Trump will be bringing his wife and son Barron, as well as 13 members of the Secret Service.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Donald Trump has rung the death toll for the Cable News Network. According to recently filed documents, the once mega-giant news channel will be losing their FCC licenses, forcing them to stop broadcast on April 1. The blow comes after Trump declared the company ‘fake news,’ and blacklisted them from attending White House press conferences.“CNN is the worst network on television today, and nothing they say about me is true,” said President Trump. “The only network worth watching is Fox News. They are true. They say true things, and they say the best things. CNN is the worst, and everything they say is fake news.”After Trump declared the channel to be fake news, their ratings plummeted to the lowest in cable television history, with only around 100 to 150 people even tuning into the channel on a daily basis.“We are saddened that Trump has chosen our network to the be the scapegoat for his War on Truth,” said CNN head Carl Nelson. “Because of his lies about our network, we have lost our licenses, and lost our ability to broadcast. Effective April 1st, we will no longer be on the air.”Nelson says they are trying to convince the FCC that they should be allowed to continue broadcasting, but the FCC says that they are “not interested” in listening to any fake news, either.“President Trump has informed us that CNN should not be listened to, so we’re not going to,” said FCC chairman Joel Winters. “We’re a government agency. We do what we’re told. I’m not losing my job over this shit.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DENVER, Colorado – The Girls Scouts of America have officially been given the ‘green light’ to begin selling marijuana edible cookies in states where the drug has been legalized. Starting in April of 2017, Girl Scout troupes in Maine, Colorado, Massachusetts, and Washington D.C., among others, will be able to sell edibles.“Our cookies have long been a favorite of stoners nationwide,” said Girl Scouts of America president Jane Marshall. “With the legalization of recreational marijuana in several states, we decided it was time to really open ourselves up to the marijuana community. That is why we created two new products to be sold in legalized states.”Marshall says that they will be creating Samosas and Thin Mints, their top-selling cookies, that are infused with the marijuana plant.“These cookies will be made available only to adults, aged 21 or older, and they will only be available for purchase through the parents of a Girl Scout troupe. The children themselves will not be able to sell or consume these cookies,” said Marshall. “We are very happy with how these cookies have come out, and we think they will be a huge boost to the fundraising these girls do every year.”Yearly sales of Girl Scout Cookies total approximately $700 million. This year, the plan is to surpass the $1 billion mark.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BENTONVILLE, Arkansas – Although many people consider Walmart to be the epitome of an “evil corporation,” no one can say that they’re not completely in touch with what people want. The company announced today that in several states, including Colorado, Maine, and Washington D.C., the company would begin selling marijuana seeds and seedling plants to consumers who are over 21.“Most of these states have the same or similar laws when it comes to owning marijuana plants,” said company spokesperson Rebecca Brent. “As an adult over 21, you can have several plants, and you can grow even more. We already sell alcohol, and our employees are trained to ask for ID for anyone under 40 for controlled substances. Heck, we even card for R-rated movies like some company out of the dark ages. So selling marijuana will not add any sort of hinderance on our employees, and will be a great way to tap into a new market of potential customers.”Surprisingly, there are very few protests about the company dipping into the weed trade, even from government officials.“If Walmart is adhering to the laws, gaining proper licensure, then there’s no reason I can see for any fuss to be made,” said Charlie Connors, a representative for the Governor’s office in Maine. “We are allowing small businesses to sell, and we are allowing adults to purchase. I do not see why there is any issue with Walmart, the largest retailer in the world, from selling either.”Brent says that if the seed and seedling sales go well, it’s possible that Walmart will branch into smaller locations that will only sell marijuana and paraphernalia.“We were thinking of calling those smaller stores Wal-Greens, but as it turns out, that’s pretty much taken,” said Brent. “We are really excited about moving forward with such a great product launch, though.”Brent says that they will add new aisles into Walmart locations that will be selling. The marijuana products will be located, naturally, next to the potato chip and soda aisle.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








STAMFORD, CT – WWE Chairman Vince McMahon announced today that he has tapped President Donald Trump to appear at Wrestlemania 33 in Orlando, Florida on April 2nd.Trump, who had a long story arch in the WWE in the 90s and was entered into the WWE Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2013, says that he is “extremely excited” to get back in the ring.“It was one of the best times of my life, attacking Vince McMahon and appearing on their Pay-Per-View events,” said Trump. “Vince and I, we’ve been friends a long time. Rivals in the world of business, but friends all the same. When he asked me to return, I wasn’t sure it was the best thing to do, because I’ve got a lot going on right now, but this is a yuge opportunity and will be a lot of fun for me, and hopefully for the Wrestlemania crowd in Orlando. I have no problem taking a steel chair to the face, as long as that chair was made by the United Steel Workers Union here in the great country I call home – the United States of America.”“We are very excited that Donnie will be coming back in,” said McMahon in a press release posted to WWE.com. “He has always been a friend to this company, to the wrestling world, to the world of Sports Entertainment, and as an honored member of the Hall of Fame, we are very excited to have him appear at Wrestlemania 33.”Neither McMahon nor Trump have indicated in what capacity the latter would be appearing, but McMahon did drop a hint that he hoped Trump wouldn’t have any problem getting color.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








LOS ANGELES, California – Doctor Carl Jung, a gastroenterologist working in Los Angeles, California, has said he has developed the world’s most perfect, and most expensive, colon cleanse for his patients who need to “get the pipes working again.”Dr. Jung has been treating certain patients using the “blood of the innocent,” which he harvests from a doctor friend that performs abortions at a local Planned Parenthood facility.“My procedure is one-of-a-kind that I developed myself while studying in Uganda in 1983,” said Dr. Jung. “It works better than any other anal douche you could get, and it’s all because of the massive white blood cell count found in aborted fetuses. This is not a magic pill you take to cleanse your body – this is a true, liquid cavity expulsion.”Dr. Jung says that he has been procuring dead babies for “over 30 years” from a friend, who says wishes to remain anonymous. Several celebrities, including Martha Stewart, Barack Obama, and Paul McCartney have all said to have visited Dr. Jung for the treatment, which costs a whopping $289,000 per session.“They love it, and they keep coming back,” said Dr. Jung. “As anyone would tell you, there’s no better way to cleanse that ass than with the blood of the innocent.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








UGANDA – A woman living in a village in Uganda has been confirmed to be over 200-years-old by genealogists, researchers, and archivists who have looked into the woman’s lineage.The woman, who does not remember her own name, is officially the oldest person to have ever lived. She was born in the same village in Uganda she currently lives, and says she has “never left.”“I have lived long, I am tired. I have never gone away, this is what I know,” she said. “I am happy to be here. I am not happy to be so old. Wish I was dead. All my family, they are dead. I have had 18 children, 47 grandchildren, and 163 great-grandchildren, and they are all gone now. I’m sad. Kill me, please.”Researchers say that they have “no idea” how it’s possible that she has lived so long, but have confirmed through genetic testing that she is, indeed, 204-years-old, having been born in 1806.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. –The “Finger-Chop Challenge” has begun to spread across social media, with teens and college students reportedly cutting off their fingers in an effort to raise awareness about the “evils of Donald Trump” as President.“Trump is a disgusting, sick, orange bigot,” said Maria Lambert, 19, a college sophomore at Dartmouth. “I chopped off all of my  fingers on a livestream on Facebook. I left just the middle finger on one hand, because fuck Trump, that’s why.”Following in a dangerous trend of challenges like the cinnamon or milk gallon challenges, the new finger-chop challenge opens up an entire new world of issues for parents, as well as the teens stooping to such ignorant levels.“My son has done the challenge 4 times, and each time, he’s cut off a new finger. He’s down to just the pinky on his left hand,” said Carl Lunger of his son, Mario Lunger, 17. “Frankly, though, I’m proud of him. He’s taking a stand against Trump, and he’s also raised a lot of awareness about Trump. Last I knew, he had over 300 views on his YouTube video.”Health officials are warning parents, though, of the dangers of their children cutting off their own fingers for internet notoriety. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BOSTON, Massachusetts – Researchers at Boston Medical Center are planning to release a new study that proves that all cancers – even some of the most rare and previously un-treatable cancers such as brain or lymph node – can be easily cured with one ‘extremely common’ item.“We have been working on a cure for Cancer for as long as we’ve known about the disease, and we have finally found the answer,” said Dr. Phil Brooks. “Really the cure was right there under our noses, as it were, the entire time.”Dr. Brooks says that he and his team all developed a severe cocaine habit during the testing phase, as the long nights and early days were making it extremely hard to stay awake and concentrate.“It was then we realized, after a night of doing copious amounts of blow, that we had the bright idea to test the drug on our lab rats. Within a month, all of the animals that we had given cancer were cured,” said Dr. Brooks. “We moved on a few months later to trials in adult humans.”Of the 2,000 people that the doctors test the cocaine theory on, every single one of them had their cancer disappear within a few weeks, or sooner in cases of “common cancers” like skin or colon.“It’s miraculous, truly,” said Dr. Brooks.The team plan to publish their full study in the next Journal of Bizarre Medicine. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BOSTON, Massachusetts – A new study conducted by Harvard University shows that teens who “vape” are more likely to be made fun of than kids who do not. The study was performed over the last year, and monitored a group of 200 teens aged 15 to 19.“Of the group, 100 of the kids were vapers, or kids who smoke using vape pens, etc.,” said that study chairman, Mick Horn. “Those kids were asked to vape in front of the other 100 kids, who proceeded, of course, to call the vape kids a slew of names, including ‘faggot,’ ‘tool,’ ‘loser,’ and ‘asshole,’ among others. When the study was flipped, the vape kids really had nothing to say about the non-vapers.”According to his findings, Horn says that kids should decidedly not take up vaping, unless they like being made fun of.“There’s really no point to vaping, short of smoking while looking like an extra douche bag,” said Horn. “I think that my study conclusively proves that.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








UNITED STATES – After it was confirmed that Russia easily hacked computers in the United States to rig the 2016 elections, the FBI is warning that it’s “very likely” that Russian hackers and spies are probably in your computer right now, looking at your files.“There are many things that you can do to protect yourself from Russian hackers,” said FBI director J. Hoover Edgar. “For one, you want to make sure you put a piece of tape of your computer’s camera. That’s just something simple that every idiot knows to do by now. Another thing you can do is to get offline completely when not using the computer. Just unplug and turn off your machine, and you should probably unplug your router, too, just to be safe.”Edgar also recommends writing most of your documents in Aramaic, the dead language spoken by Jesus Christ and his disciples.“It’s very hard for Russians to read Aramaic, because most people don’t know it. If you learn it now, you will have a much better chance of your files not being read by Russian hackers,” said Edgar.According to the FBI, the one thing that can almost certainly defeat a hacker, though, is to make sure you change your passwords 10 to 15 times a day, for all of your website logins, especially banks and social media accounts.“If you leave your password as the same thing for more than a couple of minutes, you’re basically giving full access to your life,” said Edgar. “Change your passwords multiple times a day. It really keeps the ol’ Ruskies on their toes.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Researchers at the Washington, D.C. House of Agriculture and Animal Affairs say that they expect Pandas will become extinct within the next few months, probably by June of 2017.“We actually had no idea that pandas were really that rare, because we see pictures of them online all the time,” said HAAA chairman Joel Bornstein. “We thought they were doing pretty good out in the wild, but apparently not. There’s only a couple left.”The HAAA says they are trying “really hard” to get a couple of pandas to “do their thing” and make some more panda babies, but they’re having a really hard time.“We got two of the 17 pandas left in the world, and we have been doing everything to get them to have sexy time, but it’s just not working,” said Bornstein. “We’ve tried calming music, chocolates, wine…we even let them watch porn. Nothing has worked.”The HAAA says that they hope that they can save the population of pandas before it’s too late, but they don’t hold out much hope.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








CONCORD, New Hampshire – Chester Miller, who has been studying the effects of global warming for nearly 20 years, says that he has finally found conclusive proof that the phenomenon is completely and totally bogus.“I have been looking into the effects of global warming, and can conclusively say that the world is not warmer at all,” said Miller. “I had been waiting and waiting for this discovery, and it came to me earlier this week. It was a true moment of glory for all of science.”Miller says that during the night between Thursday and Friday, his town of Concord, New Hampshire received a massive amount of snow – over a foot in just a few hours. This, he says, is proof that the world is not getting warmer.“If global warming were real, then how come we got 14″ of snow the other night?” asked Miller. “I assume you all understand that in order for it to snow, it has to be cold. And in order for it to snow THAT MUCH in that amount of time, well – it has to be very cold. I believe I can rest my case.” 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BAZOS, Croatia – A team of explorers who have been searching for the lost city of Atlantis for the better part of 30 years have reportedly discovered the ruins of the Mecca, located approximately 30 miles beneath the surface of the Mediterranean Sea, directly off the coast of Croatia.According to the research team, there is more than $300 billion worth of lost treasures within the city, not to mention the city itself.“People have been searching for Atlantis for hundreds of years, with many thinking that it may never have existed at all,” said Mark Kempf, lead of the expedition. “Through hundreds of hours of research in books before setting out on our trip, we were able to locate the approximate area where we believed the city to be, and after repeated attempts to reach the area, we were finally successful last week.”Kempf says that it will become “increasingly difficult” to have many people visit the area, as he believes the more people that know the area, the fewer treasures there will be.“Oh, the place will definitely be overrun with pirates very quickly, which is why we are not releasing the city’s exact location at this time,” said Kempf. “This discovery will definitely put my children’s children’s children through college, though.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








MOBILE, Alabama —With gay marriage now legal in all 50 states and rainbow flags (the universal symbol for gay pride) flying all over the country, one man who makes it a point to destroy every rainbow flag and spray paint over rainbow bumper stickers he sees, now wants to destroy actual rainbows.“I used to like seeing a rainbow in nature, ” Buddy Jones told Confederate News. “Now all I see is a symbol for faggotry. Makes me sick to my tummy to see a rainbow in the sky. I want to destroy them because they’re making me crazy and I think destroying rainbows will really get on queer’s nerves, but I don’t know how to kill rainbows myself.”That’s where Jones wants scientists to step in and help.“I know a lot of scientists are fag sympathizers,” Jones said. “But there are some good Christian scientists out there who could use their scientific smarts to destroy rainbows. Scientists can build talking robots and send people into deep space, how hard could it be to destroy rainbows?”Jones is calling out scientists to take up his rainbow destroying cause.“Maybe scientists could build a laser gun that instantly blows up rainbows,” Jones said. ‘I don’t know. I just think this is an important cause. Queers took rainbows from us and made them their own, now we gotta show them there are consequences to what they did. And think about this: How long before some other sicko group takes something cool from nature? Like clouds or something. We gotta destroy rainbows now.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil – Analysts fear tensions with the Russians could lead to another war if the Russians are banned from participating in the Olympic games. The Russian sports minister says “up to 67 athletes” have applied to track and field’s world governing body to be exempted from the ban on the Russian team at the Rio de Janeiro OlympicsThe IAAF is unlikely to approve most of the 67 athletes, since it has previously indicated the exemption is aimed at a small minority of athletes based abroad.When a global governing body for sports barred Russia’s track and field team from the 2016 Summer Olympics on Friday over a wide-ranging doping scandal, it was greeted in Russia, as is with a deep sense of victimhood.President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia called the decision “unjust, of course.”Mr. Putin said, “Russia is strengthening antidoping controls and athletes should bear personal responsibility for using performance-enhancing drugs.” Punishing the whole team, he said, “doesn’t fit any norms of civilized behavior.”Outside Russia, sporting officials viewed the unanimous decision as a long overdue restoration of some fairness in competitions. After all, in some sporting events Russian athletes had been trouncing competitors for years before it turned out they were using performance-enhancing drugs.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BRUSSELS, Belgium – Social media has been abuzz the last few weeks with the hashtag #SaferThanATrumpRally, with many folks listing some absurd and dark places that are safer to be than at a Donald Trump rally.After the attack in Brussels, Belgium, most would assume that they’d rather be anywhere else, but according to social media, even the terrorist-attacked city would be a better place to be than with any view of Donald Trump.“I’d rather be in Brussels with a shirt with a target on it that says ‘fuck you, Muslim scum’ than ever set foot at a Trump rally,” said New York resident Joel Miller. “I was downtown during 9/11. Scariest time of my life. I’d rather live that all over again, too, than ever be at a Trump rally. The man, and his minions, are mindless, soulless villains.”As with all tragedies, everyone is standing with Brussels, and an onslaught of support has appeared from all corners of the globe, with many users on social media changing their pictures to a photo of the flag of Belgium in solidarity.“Donald Trump is a nightmare. I’ve seen people get punched in the face while simply standing still, peacefully, at one of his rallys,” said Maryanne Lewis of Detroit, Michigan. “I’d sooner throw beer and ham at a Muslim holding an AK-47 with TNT strapped to his ass than be at a Trump rally. These are terrifying times, both in the US and abroad.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








Dear Allison,
It was my 21st birthday a couple days ago. The ONLY thing I asked my Nana for was a pair of diamond earrings. I don’t know how I should feel because I found out they are cubic zirconium.  My stepmother pointed it out yesterday, and thinking about it, I cried on the way to work.  I don’t know if I should say something. I don’t want to sound like a spoiled brat, but it was the only thing I asked for. Should I mention it? I really want to say something.-Faked OutDear Faked,
Aww, poor you. Too late, you already sound like a spoiled brat. 21? Nana is wise enough to know you’ll lose an earring during one of your many drunk night – most likely while you’re going down on a stranger with an STD who picked you up while you were blacked out at the bar. What are you, a rich bitch?  It’s time to grow up and realize Nana’s bank account doesn’t revolve around you. Whatever your job is, it isn’t hard enough.  You should try mining your own diamond for a bowl of gruel a day.
But then again, I’m not really the person to ask since my own mother would’ve slapped me if I had the balls to ask for diamonds.  Maybe you should buy yourself a bunch of booze and get the courage to call your Nana. I’m sure if you whine enough she’ll get you a much better present next year.
Dear Allison,
I am torn between my 16 year-old daughter, “Uniquea” and my bae, “Tyrone”.  My fiancé got me a stuffed monkey for my birthday a couple weeks ago.  Wellllllll…afterwards we got in a fight, and he wanted it back. I told him no, cuz he gave that to me.  Anyway, he comes over to get it, and we got in another altercation over it.  After we had it out, he apologized and started kissin’ up on me. My daughter screamed, she sick of him hustlin’ me and after kissin’ on me like it was a’ight. Then she took his Ray-Bans and ran in the other room. I screamed at her to give ‘em back, but she twisted them ‘till they was broke beyond repair. Tyrone insists Uniquea needa pay for them out of her hair/nail allowance, but I say Tyrone shouldn’t of been over here provokin’ in the first place. Should I side with my man or my daughter?-Hassled at HomeDear Hassled,
Your fiancé sounds like quite the catch.  I bet the moment you don’t put out, he demands you give him all those cheesy “I Luv You” Valentine’s teddy bears that line your headboard. Unfortunately, it doesn’t matter what you do. You’re screwed.  You’re daughter’s screwed.  It doesn’t matter if Tyrone is in your life because you’re all cursed to live an ignorant, drama-filled existence, regardless.  Continue modeling that kind of behavior and just pray Uniquea’s first baby isn’t doesn’t end up with as God-awful a name as she did and that her baby-daddy actually pays child support. You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published weekly exclusively by Empire News.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DEAR ALLISON,How do I know if the man I married is really “the one?” My husband and I have been married for 2 years. He does everything for me. He works three jobs so I can stay home and build my small business. He cooks, and cleans. He’s fantastic in bed. We are doing really well…but there is something that’s just missing. What if I made a mistake?– CONCERNED in CALIFORNIADear Concerned,The man sounds like a saint. To be honest, I don’t think he probably is the one for you. If anything, he sounds like the one for me. After the string of losers I’ve been with, I could use a man who knows how to cook, how to clean, and how to do me right. Tell you what, Concerned – you let him go. If he comes back, then he’s “the one.” If you find him in my bed, then it looks like he was the one, but you’re too stupid to have known it. You’re living every woman’s dream, and you’re thinking it might have been a mistake? You must be a lesbian.
DEAR ALLISON,For my 18th birthday my boyfriend got me a tattoo, but I didn’t tell my parents. I still live at home, and my Dad will FREAK OUT if he knows that I got “Chris Forever” tattooed on my thigh. How do I tell my parents that I got inked?– TATTED in TALLAHASSEDear Tatted,First off, the fact that you’re barely 18 and you got your boyfriend’s name tattooed on you already screams how dumb you are. There are people who have been married decades who don’t do stupid things like that. My suggestion would be to tell your parents as soon as possible, and hope they forgive you enough to help pay to have it lasered off. The only name you should put on your body is your child’s. Hell, you shouldn’t even put that. Get a damn flower or a heart like every other teenage idiot out there, and call it a day. Since I got this letter 2 weeks ago, I’d assume that Chris has already left you for some other bimbo. Now you get to spend the rest of your life dating only men named Chris, or else they’re going to go limp as soon as you take your pants off.
DEAR ALLISON,My mother is a die-hard Christian, and on more than one occasion has made it quite known to me, my family, and everyone else who will listen that she hates gay people, and thinks they are an abomination. I’m 23 now, and I’m afraid to come out of the closet for fear I will lose my mother’s love. What do I do?-IN THE CLOSET in INDIANAPOLISDear Closet,Man up, my gay friend. If your mother is such a bigot that she would disown her child because of their sexual orientation, than you don’t need her! Find a new mom. Find a mate, and have their mom be your new mom! There are plenty of people out there who will accept you for who you are. It will probably be hard at first to tell your mother, but if she can’t handle it, then how is she going to handle when you find a mate? Get married? Adopt children? In my opinion, your mother needs to grow the hell up and deal. It’s 2014 for crying out loud. How much longer are we going to have to deal with these conservative bigots? Listen, you tell your mom that she’s going to have to accept you, or you smack that bitch in the face. No two ways about it. Good luck! You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DEAR ALLISON,Sometimes I think my step-mother really holds me back from having any fun. If I ask her if it’s okay to go to movies with friends, she won’t let me unless I do something for her, like the dishes or mow the lawn or any number of other household chores. I am the only one that she makes do this – my two step-brothers and my step-sister get to go out and do whatever they want. Why does she make me do things but they never have to?-CRYING in COLORADODear Crying,You don’t have to be such a crybaby, you know. Just do the damn dishes, and then you can go hang out with friends or go to the movies. Your step-mother is letting her kids do things without “paying her” for them because they are the fruit of her loins. Since you were ejected from some other woman’s lovehole, she’s more than likely making you pay for it. No step-mother has ever liked her step-children. Haven’t you ever seen Cinderella? Your best bet is to hurry up and turn 18, so you can tell her exactly where to go, and exactly how to get there.DEAR ALLISON,I hate it when people spoil the endings of my favorite TV shows or movies I haven’t seen on social media. Simple question, but how do I get people to stop talking about things before I see them?!-UGH in UTAHDear Ugh,First, let me congratulate you on coming up with the worst damn pseudonym that I’ve ever seen. “Ugh?” Oh God, you must be 12. Anyway, this might come as a surprise to you, but you could, you know, get the hell off the internet once in a while. You could also stop worrying about TV and movies getting spoiled for you, because they’re just entertainment, and if knowing who died on last night’s episode of Game of Thrones before you’ve had a chance to watch it is ruining your life, I think you’re going to have much, much bigger problems in life the older you get. Good luck in life, Ugh. You’re definitely going to need it.DEAR ALLISON,I got married last week, and my mother-in-law got completely hammered drunk at the wedding. Long story short, she ended up hitting on my still-very-married father. It made my mother extremely upset, and now my husband’s family and my family will have nothing to do with each other. What can I do to reconcile this whole ordeal?
-TOASTED in TULSADear Toasted,Who cares if your families can’t get along? Do they really have to have anything to do with each other? My husband hasn’t spoken to my side of the family since the wedding four years ago, and he’s never been happier. In case you didn’t know this, in-laws have never gotten along with their son or daughter’s significant other. Or you could play it the complete opposite way and try and get your parents divorced so you can hook up your father and mother-in-law. It could be one big, happy family. It’s really your call. Either way, people do stupid things when drunk. If your mother doesn’t know that, she must be a complete and total stick in the ass…or mud. Whatever floats your boat. You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DEAR ALLISON,
My boyfriend of 4 years and I have been seeing each other less and less lately, as I recently started a new job. When I come home to him at night, he seems withdrawn and doesn’t enjoy having…well, we’re not as intimate as we used to be. He’s not working and I pay all the bills, so I don’t think he’s stressed out or anything. I don’t want to be that bitchy girlfriend who goes through his Facebook or his phone to see if he’s been talking to other girls, but I think he might be cheating. Should I confront him, or go about finding out another way?– SUSPICIOUS in SACRAMENTODear Suspicious,Of course he’s cheating on you. The only thing a man wants more than a good steak is a good ol’ fashioned. If you are coming home from a long day at work, and he’s been lounging around all day and it’s him that doesn’t want you, there really is no other explanation. I’d suggest that you “be that bitchy girlfriend” and go through his phone or Facebook. You don’t want to confront him, because what’s the point? Is he just going to say “oh, you’re right, dear, I’m cheating.”? No, he’s going to deny it. Your best course of action is to wait until he’s asleep and smell his penis. It sounds crude, but everyone knows men rarely wash themselves period, and the odds of him showering after having his mistress over is zero. Definitely sniff that shaft, and you’ll have all the evidence you need. DEAR ALLISON,My girlfriend of two years is lazy and doesn’t wanna do anything for me. In my circle, the other girlfriends will make food for the game, and then go off and do their own thing, but they always come out to see if we need more beer or snacks, you know? My girlfriend doesn’t do those things, and it’s embarassing. My bros, they give me crap about how lazy she is.  When we watch the game at my house, she doesn’t wanna cook, and then she sits around, trying to talk through the game. Like we’re interested in listening to her long, boring stories about shoes? The other day I was checking out my buddy’s girlfriend’s ass as she bent over to pick up our beer cans, and I thought – “that’s what I deserve.”  I’m wondering if I should break up with her because this isn’t working, and it’s not like I don’t have other options. – FED-UP in FREEPORTDear FED-UP,Start packing her bags right now – I can’t believe you’ve dealt with her for two years! By this point she should definitely know her place. If she isn’t going to make you a sandwich and sit quietly during the game, or let you go out with your bros without nagging, then she isn’t the one. Look at your buddies; sounds like they’ve got their women trained perfectly! There are plenty of girls out there who have learned their lessons, so just choose one of the dumb sluts you’re probably already flirting with, and plug her hard. After you’ve gotten your ex out of the way, make sure you tell the new girl how much you love the cheese dip your buddy’s girlfriend always brings over, and set the expectation that that’s what you expect out of your woman. Out of desperation to please you, she’ll learn to jump right up at the sound of a crushed beer can, or you can tell her where to go, too. DEAR ALLISON,I hate my mother. She has the mentality of an extremely spoiled teenager in the body of an overweight, pushy fifty year-old troll. She is in complete denial about all the abuse she put me through when I was growing up. She says that everything bad in her life is my fault, and she’s posted nasty stuff to my Facebook wall, like telling me that she wishes I was never born. It’s got so bad that I had to block her. She still continues to spread rumors to my friends and family, saying that I pawned her jewelry for drugs or that I’ve prostituted myself for spare change. These lies hurt, because my family and friends are now ostracizing me. I’ve never even had sex, and she knows it! Every time we talk, it’s a blow out. Should I try to reconcile with her, or should I just move on with my life?-MISERABLE in MALIBUDEAR MISERABLE,Judging by your letter, I’d say you and your mother have more in common than you think! You must be extremely spoiled yourself. Here you are calling your mother nasty things in a massive public setting, just like you say she’s done to you! Way more people will see your letter here, calling your mother a fat troll, than the minimal amount of friends and family members who she no doubt has on her Facebook page. How do you think she’s going to feel when she sees your letter here? Yeah, probably the same way you felt when she called you a little whore. Your family probably doesn’t want to talk to you anymore because you’re the worst kind of bitch – the kind who blames everyone else around her for her own shortcomings. Plus, they probably know you’ll steal their valuables for drug money next! Go to counseling with your mother. You both sound like a couple of nut jobs. You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Vice President Mike Pence reportedly electrocuted himself accidentally after touching a light switch after getting out of the shower, while still wet. Ironically, the VP now claims that he is homosexual, and has planned a massive “coming out” party at the White House.Pence, who has long been known for his completely stupid views on homosexuality and believing that it can be cured via electro-shock therapy, is now referring to himself as “a big, flaming fag,” and says he’s never been happier.“Oh my God you guys, being gay is so wonderful and amazing. I mean, I wanna say I told you so, ’cause if I’m gay just from getting shocked, there’s no WAY that shocking couldn’t cause the opposite effect, ya know?” said Pence in a fun, sing-song voice. “But, you know, I’m just too damn giddy to even consider being negative like that. I’m the first gay man in power since Elton John’s Tiny Dancer was #1 on the charts. Ohh, baby!”The gay community, which is normally very happy when a major celebrity comes out, has withdrawn from Pence’s announcement, and calls it “truly stupid.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








Eight years ago, this writer walked into rehearsal for one of the most prestigious symphony choruses in the country.  At the time, I was a second soprano in that group (I actually have a higher voice than most of the firsts, but kept ending up at second) and one of maybe five members out of 130 or so who were not enamored of Barack Obama.  Not at all.  After eight years, memory fades as to which venue we were using that night, the main hall or the alternative site, but what doesn’t fade was the jubilation in the voice of one of the other sopranos when the director said, “I know we’re all concerned about the election,” and the female lawyer holding court in the back row said, “It’s going well,” over the heads of everyone else.Joy and exuberance were in the air.  It wasn’t until the break, about an hour an a half into the three hour rehearsal, that the stage cleared so that the liberals could get on their iPhones and check the returns, that the handful of conservatives sat by ourselves out there.  The only other woman, a fellow soprano quite a bit younger than me, shook her head, and we looked at each other.  “They have no idea what they’ve just done,” we practically said in unison.  (The same scenario repeated itself four years later with another person.)Eight years hence, the tables have turned.  And after eight years of keeping our mouths shut just to maintain friendships and professional relationships from which people in the arts – particularly those of us who are not union – gain gigs and connections, the conservatives among us still can’t fully come out of the closet.  The reason why was put on display Friday evening in New York.  (At this point, everyone out there knows what happened when Vice President-elect Mike Pence went to see Hamilton on Broadway. Not going to rehash it.)You see, we conservatives dare to be diverse in OPINION from the prevailing political paradigm in the arts: flat out liberalism as preached by the mainstream media.  And THAT is barely tolerated.  In fact, most of these people who are vehemently anti-church unless it’s for convenience or what we call a “church job” (section leader in a choir), feminist, pro-choice, open borders, and all that jazz, always assume the person they are talking to agrees with them.  It is an anathema to them that conservatives could possibly be in their midst.In the fourteen or so days since Donald Trump has been elected president, things like this have been appearing in my Facebook feed from my friend the lawyer from the back row of sopranos.She’s actually one of the more tolerant of the lot, but still…she’s caught in the NPR echo chamber.  In response, this writer posted this on Facebook.I’ll get to Antonio Vivaldi, a priest who had to give up being one for health reasons, teaching orphaned girls music so they could make a living later.  And the Belgian Jesuit who first posited the Big Bang Theory.  And Albertus Magnus who brought chemistry out of the age of alchemy.  We call him St. Albert the Great (he was a Dominican friar).This is honestly the thought paradigm of the truly privileged people in the arts, which is what makes Friday’s display of hubris from the Broadway cast of “Hamilton” so disgusting.  Larry O’Connor at HotAir puts it in perspective:My phone starting buzzing in the early hours Saturday morning as news of the “curtain-speech-heard-round-the-world” hit everyone’s Facebook page. Friends of mine who work on Broadway were sending me their personal opinions because they “could never say it out loud” and they were counting on me to speak on their behalf.I heard from an actor who pointed out that the performers on stage are in the most prominent position of privilege the industry could ever provide an actor. They appear in the hottest play in the country and have a steady Actor’s Equity contract with full benefits along with a job for the next decade, if they want it.The idea that these well-paid thespians represent “the diverse America” that is concerned with the direction of the country is absurd, this actor said. They represent the elite not just in this country, but in their own industry. It wasn’t lost on this actor friend of mine that these cast members live a far better lifestyle than the Americans they claim to represent.Another friend, an actor of color, regretted the message sent to any Republican or non-liberal who heard about this story over the weekend. The man came to the THEATRE with an obviously open mind and they chose to reject the gesture this friend said to me. “And you’re for tolerance and diversity?” the actor lamented.And that is where this writer’s experience with members of the chorus, a professional group for which most of us volunteered, is essentially the same.  The people on the stage that night eight years ago, the ones mourning the loss of their Utopia now, are almost entirely highly educated professionals in white collar jobs. For the most part, they live in lily-white suburbs or pockets of regentrified historic neighborhoods where few people aren’t just like them.  If they know people who are blue collar, or work on their feet, those people tend to be their lawn and pool guys.  Very few own their own businesses.  The teachers in question are largely public school union.And they are singing in one of the most exclusive groups in the country where a trip to Carnegie Hall every so many years is just part of the package.If that’s not privilege, what is?The irony of the entire situation lies in the reality that people at the top of the pyramid dare to lecture those actually trying to help the ones at the bottom.  The reality that Alexander Hamilton himself was all about what the cast of the musical that bears his name abhors is a bonus ironic twist.  And then there is this:Indeed I can tell you from first hand experience that in the theatre industry diversity is only skin-deep and genital-high. It’s the superficial and irrelevant differences of race, ethnicity, gender and sexuality that the members of the theatre community obsess over, not the more important and challenging intellectual diversity of opinions that they reject and ignore.In many ways, classical music bears the same markings.  The things this writer has heard from the podium….  I do have one friend, an organist, who is gay, and has a sad history that he still is trying to put behind him.  This guy is openly a raging conservative, but really he’s about the only one.  The others, if they are known as conservatives, are very quiet about it.  Our opinions and positions, no matter how well researched and defended, are simply not respected in the political arena among our arts peers.  It makes going out after rehearsals and gigs for bonding sessions a painful experience.The arts, actually, have forever been infested with what we call “liberals” today.  This is not a new phenomenon.  Chastising a member of the audience, on the other hand, has not been done directly from the cast before now.  (We won’t count the number of people affected by Mel Gibson’s “The Passion of the Christ.”)  It was done in very bad form.  And those of us who hail from the world of the arts and love it warts and all, are not happy at all that such an event happened regardless of the forgiving graciousness of the Vice President-elect.  The hospitality that the liberals among us claim to espouse was not on display.  There is no excuse for that.



MyVisits Counter








One thing is assured any time the pope – any pope – talks about a “controversial” topic.  People will listen.  Even people who have eschewed the Catholic Church and all she stands for if for no other reason to ridicule and lecture Catholics.  Well, Pope Francis made a change, again, in the absolution procedures for the sin of procuring, assisting in or causing an abortion, and all hell has broken loose.  Unlike earlier in the year when a procedural convenience was made permanent, this change actually is a change.Allow me to explain.In the full list of sins for Catholics, abortion is one of a handful that are so heinous, they are in a category that automatically incurs what is called latae sententiae excommunication.  That means that “by the act” the human puts himself or herself OUTSIDE of the Christian Community.  This is not a formal bull of excommunication that is posted for heresy (teaching or espousing that which is against the Church in one way or another), but a very personal sort of separation.  However, in order to have the excommunication lifted – this is a spiritual remedy, not a punishment – which would allow for absolution (it is not granted if one is excommunicated), there is some administrative paperwork that needs to happen.Earlier in his pontificate, Pope Francis officially transferred the paperwork procedure to the parishes for abortion, rather than sending it through the bishops’ offices, a practice that had been in place in the United States and other western nations infested with modernism for decades.  It just made things smoother.  With Monday’s move, Canon Law actually will have to be changed as the formal procedure of lifting the excommunication has been dropped.“I wish to restate as firmly as I can that abortion is a grave sin, since it puts an end to an innocent life,” the pope wrote. “In the same way, however, I can and must state that there is no sin that God’s mercy cannot reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking to be reconciled with the Father.”Speaking to reporters during a Vatican news conference Nov. 21, Archbishop Rino Fisichella said procuring an abortion still results in automatic excommunication the very moment the procedure is carried out.Sacramental absolution, therefore, is not just forgiving the sin of abortion, but also means “the excommunication is removed,” he said.Now that all priests have been given the faculty to lift the excommunication and grant absolution, the Code of Canon Law will have to be updated, said the archbishop, who is president of the Pontifical Council for Promoting New Evangelization, the office that organized events for the Year of Mercy.Pope Francis, truly, has picked up the baton of a number of late 19th century and 20th century figures in Catholicism when it comes to his message on God’s mercy.  The main proponent of the message was Pope Saint John Paul II, along with a Polish nun known to him during his life who was canonized during his pontificate.  Her name is St. Faustina, the Divine Mercy image to the left is taken from an entry in her papers, and her diary speaks of Divine Mercy in terms many never considered before. (It’s a tough, but good read.)  By declaring the just completed Year of Mercy, Pope Francis reminds the flock that returning to God is always possible, yes, even for those who are involved with abortion.  The Church is a hospital for sinners, not an exclusive club.In Catholicism, though, there is a catch to receiving absolution no matter what your sins.  Confession must be made, and the Penance (the real name of the Sacrament) must be carried out with a contrite heart.  We are supposed to be sorry for our sins.  That’s something a lot of us need to work on.



Free Visits Counter








Not many people in American media today speak as plainly as Fox News’ Judge Jeanine Pirro.  Very few can get away with the firey rhetoric, and blame laying, either.  So, when something in American life happens that sparks her ire, the crosshairs tighten over the target and BAM!On Saturday, November 19, the judge’s outright anger was aimed squarely at a cast of a popular Broadway musical, Hamilton, who saw fit to lecture Vice President-Elect Mike Pence at the Friday night performance in New York City. Pence was there with his family to take in the popular stage offering.  What the conservative Vice President-elect got after the curtain call was a lecture from an actor playing the part of one of the Founding Fathers of the United States of America who happened to disagree with everything the left advocates.  The Judge’s words to the cast during her opening statement were pointed, adult, and aimed at a class of entertainment workers who over estimate their importance.  Watch:“Out and out reverse racism and teed up hate.”  Not many Americans can get away with that statement in today’s politically correct culture.  Judge Jeanine, though, pretty much said the words that all the people who made #BoycottHamilton the most popular hashtag on the internet were thinking.  No matter what your personal preference, being rude to a man with no scandal attached to his name and who was just elected Vice President is unacceptable behavior.  Lecturing such a person is even more beyond the pale, especially when the subject matter is subjective and the premise of the statement wrong on its face to boot.Judge Jeanine, though, does hammer home a point about the entertainment industry that so many of the inmates of that particular asylum don’t get: art in the form of theater is generally not, at least not anymore, about delivering political messages.  In centuries past, yes, there were plays by notable playrights such as Pierre de Beaumarchais, and Shakespeare that were blatantly political.  Art is supposed to be inspirational and thought provoking, not hit one member of the audience over the head with a sermon just because you can.Such are the times in which we live, when public figures cannot even partake of life in America without being attacked by those they patronize as customers.  The whole episode is just mind-boggling.



My Traffic Estimate








Today, a young woman working for an anti-child trafficking organization was laid to rest.  Her name was Monica Petersen, and she turned up dead in Haiti on Sunday after posting “I Found A Smoking Gun” on social media.  Her friends and family are calling foul as her family cannot get believable information from Haitian authorities, and Ms. Petersen just happened to publicly post some reports that implicate the Clintons’ involvement in alleged human trafficking via a mine run by Hillary Clinton’s brother Tony Rodham.A compilation of the various threads from reddit, Facebook, Twitter, Imgur and more can be found on the Reddit The Donald page here.Go figure.  Just like any number of people either close to the Clintons or investigating them who could possibly end up a material witness during a trial, Ms. Petersen ends up dead.  This, for those following the “fake news” propaganda coming out of globalists, leftists, and the disgraced legacy media, is why there is a “Clinton Body Count.”  Monica Petersen’s name may well be added to it.According to several reports, Haiti has been a nexus for child trafficking for a number of years.  In fact, found in the thousands of emails released by WikiLeaks from John Podesta’s email account, information surfaced that Hillary Clinton assisted a Haitian woman, Laura Silsby, known to be involved in child trafficking in 2010 when she was caught trying to take 33 children – not orphans – out of Haiti.  The two women’s history is known to reach back at least fifteen years.  Also in the Podesta emails are several archaic conversations about pizza that have taken on the aura of internet lore (what some call conspiracy theories) known as #pizzagate, and reportedly is the tip of the iceberg in an international child trafficking ring.The rabbit hole gets very deep when one considers how many times Bill Clinton is known to have traveled Jeffrey Epstein’s private child molestation island.Did Monica Petersen get too close? A tenacious young woman investigating one of the most egregious crimes any human can commit, if she got too close to the criminal element and was known to them, it is a definite possibility.  A good friend of hers named Bella claims she found out what happened and is refusing to elaborate on public messaging boards.  Whatever the case is, the people around the Clintons and those investigating them sure do tend to end up dead.Additional information: this Twitter thread, and Steemit News.



Accurate Visits








Oh, to be young and stupid again.  Let’s face it, we all were at some point, and had no idea.  Eventually, though, we grew out of it, usually recognizing that there really is something to be learned from our elders.  (Usually.  Not always.)  The problem with the typical millennial is that they don’t realize that is a condition of every generation prior to their gaining three decades of experience of life on the planet. (By that time, if you don’t know that you don’t know jack, you’re probably a professor on a college campus.)Take the special snowflake who actually agreed to be interviewed by Tucker Carlson on his show Wednesday.  This millennial…well, doesn’t know what he doesn’t know.  Watch:Schools are now teaching that anyone from around the world has a right to come here to work, and always has?  Ellis Island doesn’t ring a bell, where newcomers were herded through the immigration lines, documented often with names misspelled, and then quarantined for months to be sure no disease was imported?  I hate to be the bearer of bad news to this little darling, but relatives of some ancestors got sent back to their countries of origin due to disease.  The people at the front of the line in those days were usually skilled labor.  In this writer’s family, even the skilled labor people had every intention of returning to the old country until there was a revolution.  They came here to find work, not draw a dole.LEGALLY.And that is the sticking point that Tucker tried to impress on this special snowflake.  If immigration law is ignored simply due to the low skill sets of the illegals coming into the country, why should ANY laws be obeyed?  The reality is that in the 19th century, this writer’s ancestors came to this side of the pond, some via Canada, to avoid starvation.  Others came due to the plentiful farmland.  Later, when zinc smelting needed workers, yet more emigrated.  All were hated in their time mostly due to being Catholic, and came in under quota systems.  But still, this was all legal.It is a sad truth that many illegals are here due to no fault of their own.  At the same time, it is not fair to those who have gone the legal route for someone to just come to this nation and expect all the same rights and privileges as a citizen.  That’s what Tucker tried to tell this young man, and what he stubbornly refused to see.



Live Stats For Website








Now that the powers that be at Twitter and Facebook are flexing their proverbial muscles and are busy messing with search algorithms and deleting accounts of the “alt-right” for hate speech, a new social media platform is getting a lot of attention.Gab, a social media site where the first amendment is printed on the splash page, and the bug symbol is Pepe the frog (a Spanish name for the symbol of the French?  Okay), was started in August 2016 in response to Breitbart’s Milo Yiannopoulos’ banishment from Twitter for harassment.  The idea of the platform is to allow unrestricted free speech, other than pornography, private information, threats and terrorism.  (That’s on the guidelines page.)  The look and feel of the site is described this way by The Guardian:Looking like a cleanly designed hybrid of Twitter and Reddit, it allows users to post updates without character limits, with memes, links and gifs.The Guardian goes on to say that the site supposedly has tens of thousands of people on a wait list.  This writer went to sign up, and this is what popped on the screen.Looks like a lot of conservatives got there before me.  According to the confirmation email, it may well take up to two weeks to become a gabber since demand is so high, and the system is still in beta.Those who have been able to get in – reportedly the service currently has tens of thousands of people on its waiting list – will see that many of the most read and upvoted content comes from alt-right accounts that have long since been bounced from Twitter. As a result, spending time on Gab feels like hanging out with exiled ghosts.It’s as if the political left did not think that the “alt-right” and other conservatives wouldn’t go looking for another way and place to congregate online.  (Do they really think we are that wishy washy and undetermined?)  The Guardian, and a number of other leftist, and left leaning publications claim that Gab is basically a gathering place for white supremacy racists, but the founder, Andrew Torba, says no.Gab founder and CEO of the service, Andrew Torba, insisted in a “gab” that “we welcome everyone and always will”. But so far, you need to look pretty hard to find accounts not posting a pro-Trump line.Torba also says that it is not “Twitter for racists”. But there is no shortage of racially charged material to be found there.The motto at Gab is #SpeakFreely, and that does have to include racists (that doesn’t mean that the other users can’t vote the material down, though).  So, who is speaking freely at Gab?  Ann Coulter, Paul Joseph Watson, Richard Spencer of the National Policy Institute, and other familiar names on the American political right bannished from other social media platforms for the crime of supporting Donald Trump for president.Torba, actually, was one of the few Silicon Valley visionaries who was pro-Trump.  The other people in the technological hotspot aren’t too happy with him, actually, and last week he was kicked out of Y Combinator, an incubation/venture capital/mentoring group that is considered to be one of the best tech company producers in the country.On Thursday, he doubled down on the triumphalism.The left wing has asserted full control of Twitter now, so the right wing will just have to make do with #Gab, #WeSearchr, Breitbart, the House of Representatives, the Senate, the Supreme Court, and the White House. #MAGA”Meanwhile Torba is ecstatic. Like Dickinson, he’s a pro-Trump Silicon Valley identity whose views and behavior have put him offside with some big players.Before Gab, he founded a social media ad automator. But just last week, he was banned from startup incubator Y Combinator after the organization alleged that he spoke in “a threatening, harassing way” to other members on Facebook in a succession of discussions where he supported Trump.But on Gab this Tuesday, he was celebrating the service’s newfound success: “Today has been Gab’s biggest day yet. Time to upgrade our hosting. :)”It could well be that Gab becomes a hang out for the #AltRight if no one else joins the party.  In the meantime, since Twitter and Facebook are exercising their version of social engineering via censorship, conservatives may as well congregate where we can at least talk without fear of retribution.For more information about Andrew Torba being exiled from Y Combinator, visit Breitbart. 



My Traffic Estimate








In the battle for the internet, the big question has to do with the United States maintaining control.  (So long as the companies in command aren’t bought out by foreign conglomerates, no worries.)  So far as the actual domain names are concerned, that is not an issue.  Physical storage of data, on the other hand, is becoming one.  Russia, for example, passed a law in 2014 that says social media data storage must be held on servers within Russia.  This week, social media networking site LinkedIn was found to be in violation of that law, and has been shut down in Vladimir Putin’s territory.The Kremlin says there’s nothing to worry about, but Russian social network users fear that blocking LinkedIn is only a first step.Many believe this ban is about censorship and control, not data protection. They’re concerned that more popular sites such as Facebook and Twitter will be next.One vivid cartoon shows the grim reaper, bearing the logo of Russia’s communications regulator, heading for a door with the Facebook logo. Behind him lies a trail of blood from attacks on other sites.Another user declares that the ban on LinkedIn marks “a new era in mass censorship,” while another fears that further restrictions will be creeping: “They’re like sadists, doing it bit by bit.”LinkedIn officials are interested in talking to Russian authorities to resolve the local data storage questions, as local service providers have already started shutting off access to the site.  At this time, the Russian government does not look to be ready to intervene should this issue turn into a bigger nightmare.However, the people of Russia are not happy with the appearance of censorship given the history of Soviet practices for several decades in the 20th century.Social media has played a critical role in organising opposition protests in Russia. Such sites have also become an increasingly important alternative source of information, as state control over traditional media has increased.If that is the case, LinkedIn is a curious first step given the nature of the platform.  But just like with anything else, starting up censorship has to begin somewhere. 



Free Visits Counter








Now that Donald Trump is President-elect, not just an American billionaire shooting his mouth off on the campaign trail, all of the various sectors of the world’s economy are starting to actually respond to what he had to say.  Take Saudi Arabia, for example.  When it looked like Hillary Clinton would win the White House, they didn’t say much as Donald Trump talked about the United States being energy independent.  Now that the preferred scenario for yhe Saudis did not pan out, they are facing the prospect that one of their two industries might well dry up.Saudi energy minister Khalid al-Falih warned this week that banning oil from his kingdom could backfire.“At his heart, President-elect Trump will see the benefits and I think the oil industry will also be advising him accordingly that blocking trade in any product is not healthy,” Falih told the Financial Times.The powerful Saudi minister added that “energy is the lifeblood of the global economy” and the U.S. “benefits more than anybody else from global free trade.”Just to interpret for Americans who do not believe in nuance, that’s a threat and a dare all rolled into one.  Buy oil from us, or else.  After all, the sale of oil is bankrolling Saudi Arabia’s OTHER industry: exporting and setting up Islam in nations where Christianity no longer carries zeal.Don’t know if the Saudis have been paying attention, but the world’s largest oil reserve was discovered in western Texas.  The announcement was made this week.  With modern technology, shipping oil across oceans just might not be needed anymore.Given the events of the last week as President-elect Trump has begun putting together his transition team and interviewing for the Cabinet, his modus operandi has begun to take shape.  He chooses his advisers carefully.  Those who he considers to be part of the problem are not consulted.  That universe may well include the lobbyists for OPEC, the cartel that controls oil output from almost all producers.At this time, the United States does import oil from around the world. The largest supplier is actually Canada.  Saudi Arabia is second with over a million barrels imported daily.Yes, oil is the lifeblood of the world economy.  However, the United States, technically, not only has the largest market for oil, but the largest reserves.  In a right side up economic situation, this should greatly benefit us.  President-elect Trump understands this, and aims to make that concept a reality.



WebPage Visits








Don’t know about anyone else, but if pharmaceutical companies want to make some quick cash, they need to market whatever ObamaCare architect and guru Jonathan Gruber is smoking or drinking.  He is totally delusional.(Remember Dr. Gruber?  He was the one caught on video talking about the stupidity of the American voter and how great a political advantage obscurity was.)Gruber appeared on Fox Business with Maria Bartiromo, a very smart, very honest woman who knows her stuff.  She started asking him about the economic impact of ObamaCare, and he denied that there was any.  No, really.  Watch:So, just so we have this straight:And Maria didn’t even get to the number of people in the nation, like a member of this household, whose hours were cut from 39 to 29 per week in order to keep them under the “full-time” threshold, thus assuring that they need to work a second job. But, according to Dr. Gruber who is inhaling something not quite right in that ivory tower, this is not empirical evidence or data and should not be used to determine whether or not ObamaCare is depressing the economy.Seriously, anything that causes those delusions could be more popular than most of the happy drugs on the market today.H/T – sundance



My Traffic Estimate








It’s beginning to sound like war is going to break out at Fox News.  Well, at least among the Irish assets.  (Yes, it’s complicated. Trust someone who is more Irish than anything else.) The verbally pugilistic prime time talking heads come at their jobs from different perspectives.  Okay, that’s fine.  But go the disloyal route, and at least one of the outspoken Irish is going to call you out.So it seemed was the case with Bill O’Reilly who appeared on CBS This Morning with best selling author James Patterson to talk about his own children’s book on manners which was just published. O’Reilly was asked about Megyn Kelly and some of the allegations she makes in HER book about Fox News, and he took a stance that started to sound like picking a fight.And then Billy proceeded to talk about it on his own show.WHEW! He is talking about Megyn Kelly who has been yakking about the internal atmosphere at Fox News in her “memoirs.”  (Uh, Megyn, you’re too young to be writing memoirs.  Too unimportant, too, even if you don’t believe that.)  Really, O’Reilly does have a point.  If you have a problem in the workplace, complaining about it so publicly is not the way to address the issue.  In fact, that action really should be a fireable offense.  (Point of fact, people have been fired for such things.)  For those of us who have our issues with Megyn Kelly – mainly that she dresses like she should be standing on a street corner, and doesn’t know when to retrench her interests – this was really rather refreshing to see.Bill O’Reilly and his style are not for everyone, but his position is completely defensible.  Sexual harassment is only considered so if the attentions are unwanted.  Why it took multi-million dollar lawsuits settle out of court to expose such an atmosphere – if it really exists – is another question.  If O’Reilly was not involved, even if he knew, staying out of the fray is the best course of action until one is called to a witness stand.Now, time to make snacks before the next round.



Website Stats








Every new leader has his or her own style.  Some are open and gregarious.  Some are micromanagers.  Some are dictators.  Donald Trump appears to be private.  At least about some things.  And to the mainstream media posse that follows around the president-elect, and/or the president himself, that privacy is a barrier to them doing their jobs.  Supposedly.See, on Tuesday evening, the Trump media pool was told the day was done.  Nothing else would be happening at Trump Tower.  Then, later on in the evening, a reporter at Bloomberg posted this on Twitter:
Trump and the family went to the 21 Club in New York City for dinner – and they ditched the press.Most Americans would be chuckling under their breaths at giving the media the slip.  Really, does every detail of the man’s life HAVE to be broadcast to the world?  According to the people who follow the president around, yes.  However, Donald Trump has other ideas and the press is not amused by them.  On the campaign trail, they were not permitted on his plane, and routinely Trump has decried the way in which facts and events were reported.  This is setting up a contentious relationship that will undoubtedly continue when the man moves into the White House.With his Tuesday night actions, the Trump Administration is shaping up to be the least accessible to the public and the press in modern history.At this point, the mainstream media is smarting due to inattention, actually, which could be adding to the rancor.  Trump has not held a press conference since summer, and there has not been one mention of when he might hold a presser in the future.  Previous president-elects have at least held press conferences.  The Trump camp does not seem inclined to do so any time in the future.Many of us out here on the fruited plain are anxious to actually see a Trump press conference once he’s in office.  The media’s big word on administrations fawning over them is “transparency.”  The complaints are already starting that Trump is setting up the least transparent administration in modern memory (they seem to forget Helen Thomas taking apart of Obama’s press secretaries on that score), and all the man wanted to do was take his family to dinner.



WebPage Visits








One of the keystone issues of President-Elect Donald Trump’s campaign was the promise to deport illegal aliens who commit crimes in the United States.  This should be a no brainer, but due to the concept of “sanctuary cities,” such people essentially can find asylum within the nation in any one of these locales – all run by Democrats, by the way.On Tuesday, after President-Elect Trump once again reiterated the reality that criminal illegal aliens needed to be deported, the police chiefs in Denver and Los Angeles vowed not to cooperate with federal officials in turning over such people to be removed from the country.Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said Monday that the force would not change its stance on immigration enforcement, the Los Angeles Times reported. The move is an apparent act of defiance against the president-elect’s promise to deport or imprison up to 3 million undocumented immigrants after his inauguration.Since 1979, the LAPD has barred officers from contacting people solely to investigate whether they are in the country legally, the LA Times noted. During Beck’s tenure, the department also stopped bringing suspects in minor crimes to federal authorities.“I don’t intend on doing anything different,” Beck told the newspaper. “We are not going to engage in law enforcement activities solely based on somebody’s immigration status. We are not going to work in conjunction with Homeland Security on deportation efforts. That is not our job, nor will I make it our job.”Also defiant in the face of growing popular sentiment that violent criminals be deported, is the Denver Police Department:“Immigration enforcement is handled at the federal level, not by local law enforcement,” Denver Police spokesman Doug Schepman said in a statement. “The Denver Police Department has not participated in those enforcement efforts in the past and will not be involved in the future.”In order to find the illegal alien suspects of crime, federal law enforcement needs the cooperation of local officials.  Local LEOs are the ones on the ground.  Refusing to help the federal forces, the U.S. Marshalls Service and the FBI, may not go over very well.  Trump also has threatened to revoke sanctuary city funding for the municipalities that refuse to cooperate.Any way it’s sliced, this may not be all that smart a move on their parts.



Unique Hits








Just to change things up, since People Magazine FINALLY recognized the sexy virility of professional soccer players in naming England’s David Beckham to the title, in 2016, the popular supermarket offering gives us a former wrestler and actor as the “Sexiest Man Alive.”Not to discount Dwayne Johnson, because he’s really not bad looking, but what about this?Okay, the sheer number of tats Argentina’s Lio Messi sports can be offputting, but International Football also gives us Cristiano Ronaldo, even if he is from Portugal (in big league soccer this is a problem):But, no, sexiest man alive goes to Dwayne Johnson.  And what does he have to say about it?Johnson is expecting to get some grief from his friends over the title.“It’s coming now. I can just imagine how it’s going to be,” the former wrestling champion says with a big laugh. “But see, here’s the thing: They give me grief, but they all wish. They all wish.”What makes Johnson sexy? “This is the kind of question that gets me into trouble,” he jokes. In all seriousness, he says “a sense of humor” is probably the sexiest thing about himself. “And I think probably just not trying to be sexy and just being cool and confident in your movies,” the Jumanji actor adds. “I think with a lot of my fans, I’ve gotten to a very, very cool place where there’s a direct line between the man they know off-screen and the man they see on-screen.”Dwayne, honey, please, check your man card at the door.So, guys, the real secret to being sexy is to take care of yourself and dress like you care…well, and wearing a kilt.  And, while you’re at it, please, put the seat down.



Measure Website Visitors








Former President George W. Bush has a soul after all.  Every now and then word would leak out that he and Vice President Dick Cheney regularly met with the families of those killed in the War on Terror.  It was seen then, as now, as a classy gesture to at least acknowledge that war is hell and families losing their sons and daughters to it was no joke to the pair.After his time in the White House, the former Chief Executive took up oil painting.  As the creative arts go, those who paint, oil and otherwise, after a traumatic experience find the activity cathartic in a way, kind of like the peace of fishing.  After eight years, President Bush 43 now reveals that he has taken to painting portraits of warriors from the Middle East campaign.From President Bush’s Facebook account:Over the past several months, I’ve painted the portraits of 98 wounded warriors I’ve gotten to know – remarkable men and women who were injured carrying out my orders. I think about them on #VeteransDay and every day. Their paintings and stories will be featured in PORTRAITS OF COURAGE – a book and special exhibit – next spring, and I am donating all my proceeds to the George W. Bush Presidential Center and our Military Service Initiative’s work to honor and support them.The Portraits of Courage exhibit will be open for public at the George W. Bush Presidential Center March 2-October 1, 2017.  A book, most likely a portrait-sized coffee table edition, will accompany the exhibit.  From the Portraits of Courage webpage:Our men and women in uniform have faced down enemies, liberated millions, and in doing so showed the true compassion of our nation. Often, they return home with injuries—both visible and invisible—that intensify the challenges of transitioning into civilian life. In addition to these burdens, research shows a civilian-military divide. Seventy-one percent of Americans say they have little understanding of the issues facing veterans, and veterans agree: eighty-four percent say that the public has “little awareness” of the issues facing them and their families. 



Measure Website Visitors








President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump officially welcomed Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife, Peng Liyuan to Mar-a-Lago. Melania wore a beautiful red dress and looked stunning! Talks will continue up to a working lunch on Friday, that are likely to turn to more serious issues.The summit has been somewhat overshadowed by renewed missile tests in North Korea and an apparent chemical attack in Syria that could prompt US military action.The UN Security Council — where both China and the United States hold a veto — is expected to meet later to discuss a response to Bashar al-Assad’s Syrian regime.No one — neither diplomats nor aides — could be sure what would happen when the most powerful Chinese leader in a generation met a mercurial American president who has been in office less than 100 days and is capable of unraveling the most carefully-laid plans with a single 140-character tweet.For that reason Xi arrived with a gift-basket of “tweetable deliverables”, sources say, peace offerings on Trump’s signature issues — trade and jobs — that he hopes will smooth over a relationship that began on shaky ground following disagreements over Taiwan.Top of the list, according to a source briefed on Xi’s plans, will be a package of Chinese investments aimed at creating more than 700,000 American jobs — the number pledged to Trump by China’s regional rival Japan, during Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s February Mar-a-Lago visit.There may also be offers to further open China’s auto and agricultural markets, insiders say, and even some concessions on Chinese banks’ transactions with North Korea, a vital financial lifeline for the country.In return, Xi hopes to get assurances from Trump on punitive tariffs and that an American arms sale to Taiwan will be delayed, at least until after a major Communist Party meeting later this year.Trump’s position on democratically-ruled Taiwan, which China considers a breakaway province, has been a major irritant since the billionaire politician accepted a protocol-breaking phone call from the Taiwanese president after his election victory.The summit stakes, both domestic and international, are high.Disagreements over approaches to North Korea or bilateral trade could, if mishandled, destabilize North East Asia or tank the global economy.On the domestic political front, Xi is heading into a critical year. Ahead of a party congress that could cement his grip on power for years to come, he needs to show that he can deal with the US leader as an equal.He “cannot afford to lose face while China aspires to be the new center of gravity for the world order,” China political analyst Willy Lam told AFP.Meanwhile, Trump — who is reeling from legislative defeats, low approval ratings and unrelenting scandals — desperately needs a win.On the US side, however, North Korea will likely top the agenda following Wednesday’s provocative missile launch.The Trump White House worries Pyongyang is just months away from marrying nuclear and long-range missile technology and putting the west coast of the United States within striking distance.While Beijing has condemned the missile tests, it has hesitated to take dramatic action against Pyongyang, fearing that the country’s collapse would generate a flood of refugees across its borders and leave the US military on its doorstep.Read more: Daily Mail








Hillary Clinton is NOT an example of a strong woman! Any woman who has to scream and yell that she’s a strong woman is delusional. A strong woman would take responsibility for losing the election. A strong woman would have come out the night of the election and conceded. Suck it up buttercup!A smug Hillary Clinton said at the 8th annual Women in the World Summit on Thursday that she believed Russian President Vladimir Putin opposed her because he’s “not exactly fond of strong women.”Clinton said people ask her why Putin allegedly worked against her 2016 presidential campaign.“I don’t think it’s too complicated,” Clinton said. “I think he had his desire to destabilize us and others, and you know, he’s not exactly fond of strong women.”Clinton had previously said that destabilizing the United States and other nations was one of Putin’s key geostrategic goals.“So you add that together, and that’s pretty much what it means,” Clinton continued, receiving loud applause from the audience.Via: WFB








Klayman Discusses Complaint Against Rep. Adam Schiff for Obstruction of Justice & Ethics Violations“Several leftwing activist groups have filed accusations against me with the Office of Congressional Ethics. Despite the baselessness of the charges, I believe it is in the best interests of the House Intelligence Committee and the Congress for me to have Representative Mike Conway, with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney, temporarily take charge of the Committee’s Russia investigation.”Remember when he came out and spoke to the press after speaking to the president? Well, the Democrats raised heck after that and have done everything they can to stop Nunes. Note that he has left his position only temporarily. Trey Gowdy and others will take his place…
FLASHBACK ON NUNES:1.) …”On numerous occasions the [Obama] intelligence community incidentally collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition.”2.) “Details about U.S. persons associated with the incoming administration; details with little or no apparent foreign intelligence value were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting.”3.) “Third, I have confirmed that additional names of Trump transition members were unmasked.”4.) “Fourth and finally, I want to be clear; none of this surveillance was related to Russia, or the investigation of Russian activities, or of the Trump team.








An elderly Jewish woman living in Paris was not even safe in her own apartment from a Muslim man who scaled the wall of her apartment and violently murdered her. While the authorities have not yet named the motive, it’s highly likely the Muslim man who killed the Orthodox Jewish woman while yelling, “Alluha Akbar” may have been motivated to commit such a hateful crime by the “religion of peace”…In a violent attack causing trepidation amongst Paris’ Jewish community, a 66-year-old Orthodox woman, Sarah Halimi, was murdered to the cry of ‘‘Allahu Akbar’’ early Tuesday morning, pushed from the window of her top-floor apartment in Paris’ 11th arrondissement.The accused, a 27-year-old of Muslim origin known to police for a string of offenses, had broken into the apartment of his victim – reportedly scaling the exterior wall from the floor below where he lived with his parents – to stab his victim before throwing her to her death.The lifeless body of Ms. Halimi was found on the ground beneath her apartment, having been pushed to her death from her third story window during the attack which took place at approximately 4:30am.Three armed police were on the scene prior to the murder, according to neighbors, who also reported hearing the cry of ‘’Allahu Akbar’’ at the moment of the crime. Unconfirmed reports circulating on social media also suggest that Ms. Halimi had previously been harassed by a relative of the accused, and that she had been subjected to verbal abuse in the days leading up to the incident. Neighbors claim that the accused had been ”radicalized” and that police were waiting for an anti-terrorist unit to deal with the situation.French media have been covering the event with limited reference to the background of either the victim or the accused, instead characterizing the crime as the act of an unhinged individual. Further details of the incident have been emerging in the local Jewish media, with the story now gaining traction in Israel.Whilst the motives behind this crime are not yet 100% clear, it represents a growing phenomenon of criminal acts being preceded by cries of ‘‘Allahu Akbar’’ (‘’Our God is Greater’’) consistently explained by French media as the acts of ‘’déséquilibrés’’, the ‘’unbalanced’’ – a word fast entering the lexicon for such circumstances. –Gateway Pundit








Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.comSenate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the change — from 60 to 51 votes — was necessary to break a Democratic filibuster intended to block the Colorado appellate judge.“This will be the first — and last — partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nomination,” McConnell said of the history-making step.“The nuclear option means the end of a long history of consensus on Supreme Court nominations,” griped Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer.The extreme move was teed up shortly after 11:30 a.m. when the Senate voted 55-45 to end debate, failing to advance President Trump’s first high court nominee with the minimum 60 votes necessary.Four Democrats joined Republicans: Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Michael Bennet of Colorado.Falling short of the 60 votes needed, McConnell moved to change the rules for Supreme Court nominees to 51 votes.“Our Democratic colleagues have done something today that is unprecedented in the history of the Senate,” McConnell said. “Unfortunately, it has brought us to this point. We need to restore the norms and traditions of the Senate and get past this unprecedented, partisan filibuster.”Republicans blamed the “radical move” on the Democrats’ unwillingness to accept Trump as the president.“This isn’t really about the nominee anyway,” McConnell said before the vote. “The opposition to this particular nominee is more about the man that nominated him and the party he represents than the nominee himself.”Schumer said the real extreme option was when McConnell refused to even allow President Obama’s nominee, Merrick Garland, a hearing. The blame falls on Republicans’ shoulders, he said.“We believe what Republicans did to Merrick Garland is worse than a filibuster,” Schumer said. “…These past few weeks, we Democrats have given Judge Gorsuch a fair process, something Merrick Garland was denied.”Gorsuch heads to a final vote Friday in the Senate, where he’s expected to pass with a majority of votes.He’d filled the vacancy left by the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016.Democrats under Sen. Harry Reid deployed the nuclear option in November 2013 under Obama to get his lower-court nominations approved but had maintained the 60-vote rule for Supreme Court nominees.In a last-ditch effort to avoid going nuclear, Schumer put forward a motion to postpone the nomination vote to April 24.  That vote failed 48-52 in a party-line division.Would you like to better understand what is meant by Filibuster and Cloture? Filibuster is derived from the Dutch word for “pirate”. Democrats like former KKK Grand Master Robert Byrd used filibuster to block Civil Rights legislation in 1964. A vote for Cloture is a vote to end debate on the Senate Floor and pursue a vote on the passage of legislation. Democrat President Woodrow Wilson urged the introduction of the Cloture vote in 1917. It was initially set at a 67 vote threshold before being reduced to a 60 vote threshold in 1975.Read more: NYP








The weaponization of the security services is what you expect in a banana republic and a police state or authoritarian state. And let’s just look into one more piece of evidence. These individuals are politically appointed. I am politically appointed. I served as a commissioned officer of the president. So did she. We understand that. But you’re supposed to be a professional…I challenge your viewers right now to go to her twitter feed and read her tweets after January 20th and read her colleagues  Ben Rhodes and Colin Kahl. You will see who these people really are… Just three weeks ago Colin Kahl used the word purge…Purging is the kind of word Maoists use. These people have unmasked themselves…PURGE…Susan Rice and her cronies only want to destroy the Trump administration. Maoists all…








Madonna recalled in an Instagram post her controversial past with Pepsi and bashed the Jenner commercial as not “making sense”:
“When you wake up and realize that Shit just really doesn’t make sense!”In 1989 Pepsi yanked an ad starring Madonna after the controversy over her “Like a Prayer” video, which the Vatican slammed as “blasphemy” due to a scene in which the singer is depicted kissing a black saint.THE LATE NITE HOSTS ALL JOINED IN ON THE BASHFEST OF THE PEPSI COMMERCIAL:Seth Meyers had an alternative ending for the ad:TREVOR NOAH:The Daily Show with Trevor Noah
Get More: The Daily Show Full Episodes,The Daily Show on Facebook,The Daily Show Video ArchiveStephen Colbert had to jump in on the pile on:








“Several leftwing activist groups have filed accusations against me with the Office of Congressional Ethics. Despite the baselessness of the charges, I believe it is in the best interests of the House Intelligence Committee and the Congress for me to have Representative Mike Conway, with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney, temporarily take charge of the Committee’s Russia investigation.”Remember when he came out and spoke to the press after speaking to the president? Well, the Democrats raised heck after that and have done everything they can to stop Nunes. Note that he has left his position only temporarily. Trey Gowdy and others will take his place…
FLASHBACK ON NUNES:1.) …”On numerous occasions the [Obama] intelligence community incidentally collected information about U.S. citizens involved in the Trump transition.”2.) “Details about U.S. persons associated with the incoming administration; details with little or no apparent foreign intelligence value were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting.”3.) “Third, I have confirmed that additional names of Trump transition members were unmasked.”4.) “Fourth and finally, I want to be clear; none of this surveillance was related to Russia, or the investigation of Russian activities, or of the Trump team.








Leaked documents from George Soros’ Open Society Foundations reveal how Soros works to defeat populist candidates and movements in Europe.Soros, a U.S. citizen, uses a network of nonprofits and partner organizations across Europe to try and affect the outcomes of elections in foreign countries, the documents show.Through advocacy efforts, education campaigns and media influencing projects, Soros does his best to affect electoral outcomes around the globe in support of his open borders worldview.Populist candidates opposed to mass immigration represent a direct threat to that worldview: THE PM OF HUNGARY HAS CALLED OUT SOROS ON HIS MASS MIGRATION EFFORT:“It is causing trouble … that they are trying secretly and with foreign money to influence Hungarian politics,” Orban said.
“The next EU elections might also bring more populists and extremists into the European Parliament, which could undermine all our achievements to date,” one internal OSF document cautioned. The document, marked “confidential,” appears to be from 2013.OSF sent $35,000 to the Athena Institute for the express purpose of “Analyzing and reporting the 2014 European elections and countering extremist and populist political voices in Hungary.”Another $49,930 went to the Institute for European Policy for “Naming and shaming populism in [the European Parliament] election campaign” in the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia.Another $27,049 was given to the Public Diplomacy Council of Catalonia for a workshop to influence “leading journalists and media practitioners from Europe” to change their coverage to prevent “populist, xenophobic and Eurosceptic movements.”The stated aim of the workshop was to “trigger a change of attitude amongst journalists and media practitioners so that they will report about the EU in a way that does not directly promote the cause of these movements.”An OSF spokesperson said the organization “has funded efforts to encourage voter participation and education, encourage policy innovation, and promote independent journalism to help make governments of all types more transparent and accountable to the people they serve. Open Society Foundations does not financially support candidates for public office.”OSF may not financially support candidates for public office, but it is clear from the documents that OSF did support organizations who opposed candidates who clash with the OSF worldview.A $46,840 grant to the Center for Peace Studies, for example, was meant to “stimulate public support and election turnout among ambivalent voters in order to prevent the election of xenophobic, racist, and other radical political options representing Croatia at the EU level.” Supporting restrictions on immigration is typically synonymous with “xenophobia” in OSF’s internal documents.Another $100,000 went to UNITED for Intercultural Action to “counter the election [of European Members of Parliament] from populist and far-right parties in Europe.”According to the documents, UNITED teamed up with the European Network Against Racism (ENAR) and Hope not Hate to push back against populist candidates in all 28 member states of the EU, while “particularly focusing” on five countries: France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, and the Netherlands.“Local groups in these five countries will be formed to organize meetings and door-to-door campaigns ahead of the EP elections to (1) encourage voters to register and vote; and (2) to vote for non-extremist candidates,” the documents state.Netherlands, a separate OSF document explained, was one of the five “priority countries” because of the rise of the far-right PPV party, lead by populist Geert Wilders.OSF chose Netherlands because polling showed PPV “will have a very good result in the European Parliament elections, and because it is one of the drivers of anti-European and anti-migration discourse in the EU.”Another document, from two months before the 2014 EP elections, stated that OSF’s strategy in the Netherlands varied depending on the success of Wilders and PPV.“The outcome of the European Parliament elections in May 2014 and how well the PPV, the populist party of Geert Wilders, does will help to determine [OSF’s] next steps in the Netherlands,” the document stated.In total, Soros gave more than $6 million to 90 different partner organizations to influence the outcome of the 2014 European Parliamentary elections.Read more: Daily Caller








Leading Democrat Adam Schiff decided to point the finger at that darned “Breitbart Crowd” when he was discussing Susan Rice spying on Trump. What a laughable comment! Schiff is on the hot seat since his party has been caught spying on Republicans. The pot is getting hotter…








“No school should rob any student of this legally protected personal privacy,” ILC attorney Randall Wenger said. “We trust that our children won’t be forced into emotionally vulnerable situations like this when they are in the care of our schools because it’s a school’s duty to protect and respect the bodily privacy and dignity of all students.”In the case of “Joel Doe” – they clearly ignored that duty.Last Fall, the teen boy was standing in his underwear inside a locker room at Boyertown Area High School preparing to change for a physical education class.“He suddenly realized there was a member of the opposite sex changing with him in the locker room, who was at the time, wearing nothing but shorts and a bra,” the lawsuit states.The boy, along with several of his classmates reported the incident to Assistant Principal, named as a defendant.“Dr. Foley indicated that the legality was up in the air but that students who mentally identify themselves with the opposite sex could choose the locker room and bathroom to use, and physical sex did not matter,” the lawsuit states.The teenage boy asked the assistant principal if there was anything that could be done to protect him from the situation.“Dr. Foley told Joel Doe to ‘tolerate’ it and to make it as ‘natural’ as he possibly can,” the lawsuit states.As the boy got up to leave the office, the assistant principal allegedly told the youngster to again “be as natural as possible.”Even more disturbing, parents were not told of the school district’s decision to let students of one sex use the locker rooms and bathrooms of students of the opposite sex.“The District’s directive to Joel Doe was that he must change with students of the opposite sex, and make it as natural as possible, and that anything less would be intolerant and bullying against students who profess a gender identity with the opposite sex,” the lawsuit states.The young man’s parents made an appointment to school leaders and were told that the district is “all-inclusive.”Read more: FOX News








Here are a few facts:Sexual violence in Germany has reached epidemic proportions since Chancellor Angela Merkel allowed into the country more than one million mostly male migrants from Africa, Asia and the Middle East.Gatestone Institute first reported Germany’s migrant rape crisis in September 2015, when Merkel opened up the German border to tens of thousands of migrants stranded in Hungary. A follow-up report was published in March 2016, in the aftermath of mass attacks against German women by mobs of migrants in Cologne, Hamburg and other German cities.Germany’s migrant rape crisis has now spread to cities and towns in all 16 of Germany’s federal states. Germany is effectively under siege; public spaces are becoming increasingly perilous. Police have warned about a potential breakdown of public order this summer, when young male migrants are likely to see women lightly dressed.During the month of July 2016, hundreds of German women and children were sexually assaulted by migrants (see Appendix below). The youngest victim was nine; the oldest, 79. Attacks occurred at beaches, bike trails, cemeteries, discotheques, grocery stores, music festivals, parking garages, playgrounds, schools, shopping malls, taxis, public transportation (buses, trams, intercity express trains and subways), public parks, public squares, public swimming pools and public restrooms. Predators are lurking everywhere; safety nowhere.Dozens of women and children have been assaulted by migrants at summer festivals and public swimming pools — staples of ordinary German life.Germany officially unveiled a landmark social-media bill Wednesday that could quickly turn this nation into a test case in the effort to combat the spread of fake news and hate speech in the West.The highly anticipated draft bill is also highly contentious, with critics denouncing it as a curb on free speech. If passed, as now appears likely, the measure would compel large outlets such as Facebook and Twitter to rapidly remove fake news that incites hate, as well as other “criminal” content, or face fines as high as 50 million euros ($53 million).Chancellor Angela Merkel’s cabinet agreed on the draft bill Wednesday, giving it a high chance of approval in the German Parliament before national elections in September. In effect, the move is Germany’s response to a barrage of fake news during last year’s elections in the United States, with officials seeking to prevent a similar onslaught here.Already, a few fake news reports have emerged in Germany. One falsely alleged that a German girl of Russian descent was raped last year by asylum seekers. Repeated by high-level Russian officials, the reports seemed aimed at Merkel’s open-door policy for refugees.Merkel is now involved in a strenuous campaign for a fourth term in office.“The providers of social networks are responsible when their platforms are misused to spread hate crime or illegal false news,” German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said in a statement.The proposed law would apply only within German borders. But Maas said Wednesday he would press for similar measures across the European Union. – Washington Post








While immature, snowflake college students freak out over the pronouns their fellow students and teachers use to address them, people in so many countries around the world are facing real human rights violations that most of us can’t even imagine.The floor looks clean in this high-rise apartment, seven stories above Kuwait City traffic. Not a smudge in sight on the picture window. On the other side of the glass, the maid is hanging on by one knuckle, screaming.“Oh crazy, come here,” a woman says casually in Arabic, holding a camera up to the maid.“Hold on to me! Hold on to me!” the maid yells.Instead, the woman steps back. The maid’s grip finally slips, and she lands in a cloud of dust, many stories below.The maid — an Ethiopian who had been working in the country for several years, according to the Kuwait Times — survived the fall. The videographer, her employer, was arrested last week on a charge of failing to help the worker.It’s still unclear what led to the fall. But it was not the first time a domestic servant had fallen off of a building in Kuwait, an oil-rich country where foreign workers are cheap, plentiful and live largely at the mercy of their employers. –Washington Post








How long before the media will stop using two of the most irrelevant women in America to compare to women who actually will be remembered in history for making a positive difference in this world? British Prime Minister Theresa May, turned heads on Tuesday when she arrived in Saudi Arabia without wearing a headscarf – reportedly bucking the advice of her own government.The photos showed May’s ankles and wrists were covered. However, The Telegraph noted her outfit did not completely comply with Foreign Office guidelines: “Women should wear conservative, loose-fitting clothes as well as a full length cloak (abaya) and a headscarf.”There is no law in Saudi Arabia forcing foreign visitors to wear a headscarf, the newspaper reported. – FOX NewsMSN News and other publications attempted to paint Hillary and Michelle Obama as two other prominent women who refused to don the headscarf in Saudi Arabia. They probably just forgot that First Ladies going back for several decades refused wear a headscarf while visiting Saudi Arabia.She follows in the footsteps of other political figures including Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama, in refusing to adhere to the dress code for women.Ms May has said she hopes to be an inspiration to oppressed women in Saudi Arabia by showing people there “what women can achieve”.Wow…here’s Hillary in Muslim majority Pakistan. It sure looks like her head is covered in this picture: While the media is busy giving Hillary kudos for being so brave as to reject wearing a headscarf in Saudi Arabia, perhaps they can explain why she and her adult daughter were wearing headscarfs with the person many call the “Father of terrorism” Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. How is it considered “brave” to wear a headscarf in deference to a terrorist?Oops! It looks like Michelle was caught wearing a headscarf while visiting Muslim majority Jakarta, Indonesia. It doesn’t look like she’s “refusing” to follow the Islamic dress code in this picture. While it’s true that Michelle did not wear a headscarf while visiting Saudi Arabia, she was only following a long tradition of other First Ladies who also refused to wear a headscarf. She was not expected to, nor did she shake hands with the Saudi dignitaries.Rosalyn Carter can be seen without a headscarf as she walked behind the Saudi dignitaries.








A black New Jersey woman who said she’s “sick of fancy white people” allegedly attacked a man with a hammer and smashed his Porsche and boat at a Virginia gas station was arrested Wednesday, according to authorities and reports.Angela Jones, 26, of Newark is accused of beating the man from Massachusetts Tuesday as he fueled up his car at an Exxon gas station on I-95, the Essex County Sheriff’s Office said.The victim, identified by WTVR.com only as Bob, had stopped at the station on his way home from Florida with his wife Katherine when he was allegedly approached by a screaming Jones.“This lady was a couple pumps over and talking to me and yelling at somebody about having a message for her. I had no idea what she was talking about,” Bob told WTVR.com.“I was coming around the side of the car and next thing I know a car blocks me in. She comes out of her car gets in my face and yelling at me about some sort of message I got for her,” he said.The victim said that Jones eventually threatened to put a hole in his “fancy boat.”Jones then allegedly busted up the victim’s Porsche and his boat with the tool and spat in the face of the victim’s wife, according to Sheriff Armando Fontoura of the Essex County Sheriff’s Office.
You’ve gotta love how the authorities say they’re investigating a “possible” hate crime…Possible hate crime leaves man bloodied at gas pump https://t.co/sS5c44rjBf pic.twitter.com/vQI8F4zqRe— WTVR CBS 6 Richmond (@CBS6) April 4, 2017A sheriff from the Carolina County Sheriff’s Office in Virginia told the news outlet, “She actually took a hammer and she hit his vehicle and the boat…She actually clawed him. He took her down to the ground to prevent her from doing any more damage.”Jones, who is black, reportedly said she was “sick of fancy white people,” during the attack, the couple told WVTR.com.“I have no idea why she started going after us, but I guess she thought we were some rich people,” Bob said.The Carolina County Sheriff’s Office said it is investigating whether the case is a hate crime, according to the news station.Via: NYP








What’s better than a president who’s a builder speaking to builders and construction workers. In President Trump’s speech he calls out people by name…pretty great! He knows business and building. We’re in good hands America!TRANSCRIPT:
I want to thank Sean McGarvey and the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me with this great invitation. And I love that it’s in Washington, because I don’t have to travel very far. Worked out pretty well, I have to tell you. Five minutes.Sean took part in one of our very first meetings at the White House –- he mentioned it — and I promise you that America’s labor leaders will always find an open door with Donald Trump. Always. (Applause.) Just look at the amazing talent assembled here. We have ironworkers, insulators — (applause) — never changes, does it, with the ironworkers? Let’s hear it. Laborers. (Applause.) Painters. (Applause.) Fitters. (Applause.) Plumbers. (Applause.) Operators — they’re operators, all right, I’ll tell you that. (Laughter.) Electricians. (Applause.) Not that good. Where’s my Local 3? Where’s Local 3? That wasn’t that good, the electricians — well, they became so rich they don’t have to — (laughter) — let’s do that again. Electricians. (Applause.) That’s better.Bricklayers. (Applause.) Boilermakers. (Applause.) Elevator constructors. (Applause.) Good job. Sheet-metal workers. (Applause.) Roofers. (Applause.) Plasterers — plaster, well, yeah, that’s — not using as much plaster as we used to, fellas, right? No matter how you cut it. Sorry about that. I’m not sure I can do much — we brought back the coalminers. I’m not so sure about the plasterers. We’ll do the best we can, okay? We’re going to do the best we can. How about the cement masons. (Applause.) And, of course, our wonderful Teamsters. (Applause.) Oh, that wasn’t very good, James.But really, you’re the backbone of America. With the talent in this room, we could build any city at any time, and we can build it better than anyone. (Applause.) But we’re going to do even better than that. Together, we are going to rebuild our nation. (Applause.)You’re the keepers of the great trades and traditions that built our country from the New York skyline to the Golden Gate Bridge. You represent the workers whose hands, skills, and dreams will build the great landmarks of our future. Every day, your members live out what I call the American Creed. They’re on the job before dawn and after dusk, and they never quit until that job is done. You know that. True. True. (Applause.)We saw this grit on display when the construction trades helped rebuild New York City after 9/11. (Applause.) That was a terrible time — we were all there — that was a terrible time in this country’s history. Worst attack in the history of our country. Worse than Pearl Harbor. Pearl Harbor they were attacking military. Here they were attacking civilians. Worst attack. And I saw what happened. Within a very short period of time, we were back rebuilding, and rebuild you did. And I really congratulate — that took a lot of courage and a lot of strength. Thank you. (Applause.)The fact is you take pride in every part of your work — every joist, bolt, and rivet. You’re not only builders, but you’re artisans, very talented people. A lot of people don’t understand, you’re very talented people — enriching our cities and landscapes with works of great beauty. And just as you take pride in your work, our nation takes great, great pride in you, believe me. And it’s time that we give you the level playing field you deserve. (Applause.) Thank you. Thank you.Washington and Wall Street have done very, very well for themselves.Now it’s your turn.And you’re going to be also sharing the wealth. (Applause.) And you know, for many years, we’ve been taken advantage of by other countries. All over the world they took advantage of us. We had leaders that didn’t have a clue or worse. That’s not going to happen anymore, folks. That’s not going to happen anymore. And you see what’s going on right now. In fact, the trade deficit went way down — just announced before I got on stage. And I will tell you, we’re going to have a whole different set of values when it comes to representing our country.That I can tell you right now. (Applause.)This election was all about returning power to the people. I’ve spent my life working side-by-side with American builders, and now you have a builder as your President. (Applause.) One of my first acts as President was to stop one of the great sellouts of the American worker — I immediately withdrew the United States from the disaster — this would have been a disaster — this would have been another NAFTA, which, by the way, is a disaster. I took you out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. (Applause.) Thank you. That one wasn’t even close. And you know it and I know it, everybody knows it.Next, I cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines. (Applause.) And it’s looking like that’s going to have about 42,000 jobs involved, those two jobs. That some number of great people. That’s a big, big, beautiful — lot of people. And Sean actually, and a whole group joined me in the Oval Office when we approved the Keystone permit.And I joked that day — I said, can you imagine the head of this big Canadian company, in this case, they build pipelines — and they failed. Didn’t work. They paid millions and millions and hundreds of millions of dollars to consultants and lawyers, and they failed. And it was over. And then one day Trump wins, and a few days later they get a knock on the door — sir, the Keystone pipeline was just approved.Can you imagine? I want to see the expression on his face. And he’s a nice guy. He actually — they came to the office. (Applause.) Because I did say you have to use American steel, you have to fabricate it here. Now, they had already bought 60-70 percent of it. So you can’t be too wild, right? But I was signing the order, and I said, where did they buy this steel? I didn’t like the answer. I said, who fabricated the steel? I didn’t like the answer. I said, from now on we’re going to put a clause — got to be made in America. We want American steel, made in America. (Applause.) Right on the box. 100 percent, right? (Applause.)And you’ll be hearing more about this in the very near future. But as time goes by, let’s say, over the next seven and three-quarters years — meaning eight years — (laughter.)We believe in two simple rules: Buy American, and Hire American. That’s what it’s going to be. (Applause.) And that’s not just a slogan, it’s a promise. Believe me, that’s a promise. (Applause.)The era of economic surrender has come to an end. It’s come to an end. We have surrendered as a country to outside interests. The era of economic victory for our country has just begun. You will see. No longer will we listen to those failed consultants who’ve made one wrong prediction after another — delivering nothing but soaring trade deficits and a big, fat, shrinking workforce.For decades now, we’ve watched as our factories have shuttered — almost 70,000 factories — our jobs have been stolen, and blue collar wages have declined. We’ve seen the economic pain inflicted on our fellow Americans in Pittsburgh and Detroit and Baltimore. We didn’t just offshore our jobs, we offshored a big, big part of the American Dream.We enriched foreign countries at the expense of our own country, the great United States of America. But those days are over. (Applause.) I’m not — and I don’t want to be — the President of the world. I’m the President of the United States. And from now on, it’s going to be America First. (Applause.)We’re going to bring back our jobs — and, yes, we’re going to bring back the American Dream. As I traveled the nation, I heard the pleas of the forgotten men and women of our country — the people who work hard and play by the rules, but who don’t have a voice. Together, we are their voice, and they will never, ever be forgotten again. That I can tell you. (Applause.)I don’t know if you saw, but if you watch the Democrats now, the anger — the anger and hatred, and they’re trying to figure out where did all these people came that voted for Donald Trump? Remember they said — because the Electoral College is a very, very hard, they say, almost impossible for a Republican to win. The odds are stacked. And they would say there’s no way to 270 — you need 270 — there’s no way to 270. I heard that so much for a year — I kept saying, maybe I shouldn’t be running. You know, Sean, I said, maybe I shouldn’t run because there’s no way. The people are telling me — the same people that say all of the bad stuff, they’re saying, there’s no way to 270. But there was a way to 306.But wasn’t that an exciting one? Places that nobody entered — Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan. They go, what? Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin. They came out of the blue, and we didn’t even need them. And we love those two states — because we won the state of Pennsylvania, and we won Ohio, and Iowa, and North Carolina, and South Carolina, and Florida, and so many others. We ran the coast. And if you don’t run it, you can’t win. Huge disadvantage, Electoral College. It’s very, very tough. They say almost impossible for a Republican to win. But I had the support of, I would say, I would say almost everybody in this room.We had tremendous — we had tremendous support. Oh, we did. We had tremendous support. (Applause.) We had tremendous support. And I’ll tell you, we really had the support of the workers. We had tremendous support of the workers. But would you like to make a change, folks? Would you like to make a change? Because if anybody wants to make a change, you won’t be having so many jobs. That I can tell you. Your jobs will be — it will be a whole different story. Because in the last decade, you lost over 750,000 — think of this — 750,000 construction jobs. Real wages in the construction sector have fallen more than 15 percent since the 1970s. We rank 39th in the world for construction permitting. And approvals for infrastructure projects can take up to 10 years.Since taking office, I’ve signed one action after another to eliminate job-killing regulations that stand in the way. I had a chart — is that chart around here someplace? Do you have that? I have to show this chart to you because it’s amazing, actually.This is — if you want to build a highway in the United States, these are some of the permits that you need. It’s a process that can take way over 10 years. And it just never happens. Then at the end of the period they vote against it. And we’re getting rid of many of these regulations. (Applause.) You have to go through 17 agencies, many permits in each agency.In February alone, we added almost 60,000 new construction jobs in the country. I ordered expedited environmental reviews for infrastructure, environmental and energy projects all across the country. No longer will you have to wait year after year for approvals that never come.I also took historic action to lift the restrictions on American energy production and to put our miners, who have been treated horribly, back to work. (Applause.) They’re great people.Consumer confidence is at its highest level in more than a decade. You’ve seen all of the charts, all of the studies. The National Association of Manufacturers just the other day reported the most optimism in the entire history of its survey — which is a old survey — 93 percent of manufacturers are optimistic about the future. It was almost 27 percent lower than that just a few months ago.The Home Builders Confidence Index is at its highest level in 12 years. And now in breaking news, it was just reported today, the monthly U.S. trade deficit declined by 10 percent — for a reason. Not by accident, believe me. It was for a reason.We’re also going to protect your jobs by protecting our borders. My administration is — just a matter of weeks, literally, a short period of time — has brought record reductions to illegal immigration. Record reductions. (Applause.) Down 61 percent since inauguration. General Kelly is doing a fantastic job. And we’ll crack down on visa abuses that undermine the American worker. And we’re doing that right now. (Applause.)These, and so many other great achievements, have defined our first 10 weeks in office. We’ve done so much for the worker. Done so much for the military. We’ve done so much for the police officers, our men in blue and women in blue who are not treated fairly. We’re fighting for workers of all backgrounds and from all walks of life.But to achieve true progress, we must remember our legacy. We’re the nation that built the tallest skyscrapers on what was once the Hudson River, and put neon lights of Las Vegas in the middle of the desert. But if government continues to punish America’s builders, then we will not be that nation any longer.I’m calling on all Americans — Democrat, Republican, independent — to come together and take part in the great rebuilding of our country. (Applause.)That is why, in my address to Congress, I called on lawmakers to pass legislation that produces a $1-trillion investment in the infrastructure of our country. And we need it. (Applause.) With your help, we can rebuild our country’s bridges, airports, seaports, and water systems. We will streamline the process to get approvals quickly, so that long-delayed projects can finally move ahead. And with lower taxes on America’s middle class and businesses, we will see a new surge of economic growth and development.All of you have come to the nation’s capital to call members of the House and Senate to action. You’ve also called your President to action. When you see them, you can tell Congress that America’s building trades and its President are very much united. (Applause.)Together, we are ready to break new ground. We will build in the spirit of one of the great projects in our nation’s history — an enduring symbol of American strength. The Empire State Building was forged in the Great Depression, and provided jobs for more than 3,000 workers. We’ve all seen the pictures — rugged workers perched dozens and dozens of stories up in the air. Workers like these moved almost 60,000 tons of steel, installed 200,000 cubic feet of stone, and laid 10 million bricks to build that American icon. And they did the job in a record time — 13 months. Hard to believe. Think of that — the Empire State Building built in 13 months, during the Depression. Nowadays, you couldn’t even get a building permit or approval in that amount of time.When the workers had secured the last piece of steel in that amazing and beautiful structure, they marked the moment — as we still do today — with what is called a “topping out” ceremony: 1.050 feet above the streets of New York City, they hoisted a beautiful and great American flag. (Applause.)AUDIENCE MEMBER: The ironworkers!THE PRESIDENT: They did a good job. They did a good — those ironworkers, you better believe it.It was an American flag that represented American projects
— the big, bold, and daring dream of one man, and then one city, and then finally, one people. That banner marked our nation’s proud climb to the top of the world. Our people endured through the hardships of Depression and the battles of World War II, and they emerged from these trials stronger and more united than ever before. Now, we must again summon that same national greatness to meet the challenges of our time.Only miles from the halls of Congress and the newsrooms of Washington, you will find once-thriving cities marred by empty lots and once-booming industrial towns that have become rusted and are in total disrepair. Standing before me today, in this very hall, are the men and women who, if given the chance, can transform these communities. You are the citizens who can rebuild our cities, revive our industries, and renew our beloved country. And I know you will stop at nothing to get the job done. (Applause.)For the rest of their lives, everyone who worked on the Empire State Building knew when they looked up at that great New York skyline that they had lifted the Stars and Stripes atop the tallest flagpole on Earth, and that somewhere high above the city streets, their place in history was carved into beams of steel.In the future, when we become — the trials — and we are — trials of our times — we too will emerge stronger and more united than ever before. It’s happening, you watch. When we rise above the cynics and critics who live only to defend the status quo, and to defend themselves from failure, then we, too, will construct a lasting monument to national greatness.In this future, our nation’s workers and craftsmen will look way out at the vast open landscape, and they will build new bridges and new schools and new landmarks, and they will proudly raise up for all to see our bright and beautiful American flag. And when we see that flag, we will remember that we all share one American home, one American heart, and one American destiny.May God bless our nation’s builders. May God bless our nation’s workers. And may God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)








House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D., Calif.) implied during a Wednesday press conference that President Donald Trump’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, has been “complicit” in her father’s actions, which the lawmaker described as “not acting in the interest of the American people.”Pelosi’s remarks came after she was asked about comments Ivanka Trump made during an interview on “CBS This Morning.” CBS host Gayle King had asked Trump to address those who say she is “complicit” in her father’s White House.“In an interview today, Ivanka Trump said, ‘I don’t know what it means to be complicit’ and that ‘not to conflate lack of public denouncement with silence’ when it comes to issues like Planned Parenthood. What do you make of these comments?” an-off camera reporter asked Pelosi.“We’re not here to talk about the president’s family, but the fact is, I think everybody knows what the word complicit is, and what it means is you’re not acting in the interest of the American people,” Pelosi responded.“Without going into what lack of impact family members who profess to believe in climate crisis or women’s right to choose or any of the other things, but have no impact on the policy of the president of the United States, that’s for the public to make a judgement,” the minority leader continued.PELOSI’S RANT:
Via: WFB








WHAT DO YOU THINK? WE’D LIKE TO KNOW!WATCH: Susan Rice insists “I leaked nothing to nobody” https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN— MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017“I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today.”What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn’t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:Andrew McCarthy said it best:“The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president’s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests.”








DICK DURBIN: “Well Andrea, you’ve just completed this interview with Susan Rice where she said that didn’t happen. What she was doing was her job, trying to make certain that she understood the Russian involvement in our election, making certain that Americans who might have been tangentially part of any recording or any surveillance were protected unless they were a relevant part of the investigation. What I find interesting here is this fascination which the Republicans seem to have on leaks instead of substance. The substance is obvious, the intelligence community tells us the Russian government hacked into our election with an effort to try to change the results. We know that for a fact, and we know it from the open testimony of Jim Comey, the head of the FBI.”WATCH VIDEO HERE: DICK DURBIN NEEDS A CIVICS LESSONAt her direction, the Obama White House violated the public trust. On Tuesday, in a National Review Online column, I contended that the reported involvement of former national-security adviser Susan Rice in the unmasking of Trump officials appears to be a major scandal — it suggests that the Obama White House, of which she was a high-ranking staffer, abused the power to collect intelligence on foreign targets, by using it to spy on the opposition party and its presidential candidate.It should come as no surprise that the defense Ms. Rice and Obama apologists are mounting is heavily reliant on a fact that is not in dispute: viz., that the intelligence collection at issue was legal. I anticipated that line of argument a week ago. The issue is not technical legality, it is monumental abuse of power. To analogize, if a judge imposed a 20-year jail term on a man for passing a marijuana cigarette to a second man, the sentence would be perfectly legal — a distribution of a Schedule I narcotic drug controlled substance calls for a sentence of up to 20 years’ imprisonment, see 21 U.S.C. §841(b)(1)(C).Nevertheless, the sentence would also be an outrageous abuse of judicial power. A judge who did such a thing would be unfit — worthy of condemnation, if not impeachment. Abuses of power are offenses against the public trust. They often overlap with a criminal offense, but they are not the same thing as a criminal offense. For example, a politician who accepts money in exchange for political favors commits both the crime of bribery and an impeachable offense of corruption.The jurors in the bribery case need not find that the politician breached his public trust; they need only find an intentional quid pro quo — payoff in exchange for favor. By contrast, the breach of public trust is central to the impeachment case: To remove the pol from office, there would be no need to prove the legal elements of a criminal bribery charge beyond a reasonable doubt, but it would have to be demonstrated that the politician is unfit for office. If it is a petty bribe, a prosecutor might ignore it, but the public should want to throw the bum out. This is why a “high crime and misdemeanor” — the constitutional standard for impeachment — need not be an indictable criminal offense. It may be a chargeable crime, but it need not be one. A famous example (though one not much remarked on during the last several years) is the second article of impeachment against President Richard M. Nixon.It alleged (my italics): Using the powers of the office of President of the United States, Richard M. Nixon, in violation of his constitutional oath faithfully to execute the office of President of the United States and, to the best of his ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States, and in disregard of his constitutional duty to take care that the laws be faithfully executed, has repeatedly engaged in conduct violating the constitutional rights of citizens, impairing the due and proper administration of justice and the conduct of lawful inquiries, or contravening the laws governing agencies of the executive branch and the purpose[s] of these agencies. The impeachment allegation went on to describe how Nixon had, among other things, directed the FBI, CIA, and IRS to investigate innocent Americans for reasons unrelated to national security or law enforcement.For the most part, these directives were not violations of penal statutes. But they were, individually and collectively, heinous abuses of presidential power warranting impeachment. If the new reporting is to be believed, Rice orchestrated the unmasking of communications involving the Democrats’ political rivals — the Trump campaign.Her current stress on the lawfulness of the intelligence collection is a straw man. No credible commentator is claiming (based on what we currently know) that the intelligence-collection activities of the FBI, CIA, and NSA were illegal. As I explained yesterday in my aforementioned column, the surveillance and collection operations were undertaken pursuant to statute (the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) as well as to the president’s constitutional authority to collect foreign intelligence (the exercise of which authority is laid out in a longstanding executive order, EO 12,333).The allegation against Rice and the Obama administration is that the unmasking of Trump-campaign and transition officials appears — cumulatively, and probably in many specific instances of it — to have run afoul of minimization instructions. These instructions are proposed by the Justice Department and ordered by the FISA court. To discuss non-compliance with minimization instructions in the context of crime is a fool’s errand. Violating minimization instructions applicable to electronic surveillance is not a crime. Nothing unusual about that. Not every offense against laws, court orders, regulations, guidelines, etc., is a crime.Most law violations, in fact, are not crimes. Moreover, the standard articulated in the minimization instructions is too vague to predicate criminal liability. It requires the masking (or concealment) of the identity of any American incidentally intercepted unless the intelligence value of an intercepted communication cannot be understood without knowing the American’s identity.Within reasonable parameters, that is a subjective judgment call. The criminal law is not for judgment calls. Its provisions must be precise, putting people on clear notice of exactly what is proscribed. Reasonable minds can differ on how much identifying information about an incidentally intercepted American is necessary before the intelligence value of a lawfully intercepted communication can be fully understood. That’s not the stuff of crime. But the technical legality of any particular instance of unmasking is beside the point. The question is abuse of power.Here, it is critical to bear in mind something that can easily be forgotten. The sole purpose of foreign intelligence collection is to understand the actions and intentions of foreign powers and their operatives. If the government’s purpose is to understand the actions and intentions of American citizens, there are two proper ways to go about that: (a) conduct a criminal investigation in which the American citizens can be targeted for court-authorized surveillance based on probable cause of a crime, or (b) conduct a FISA investigation in which the American citizens can be targeted for court-authorized surveillance based on probable cause that they are acting as agents of a foreign power. If neither of those two alternatives is chosen, then the American citizens are not supposed to be the subject of the intelligence collection effort — they are supposed to be protected. The snooping to which they are subjected is an incidental byproduct (i.e., an unintentional albeit inevitable consequence) of snooping on foreign powers. The incidental snooping deprives them of privacy protections rooted in law — the requirement that the government obtain a judicial warrant before seizing and eavesdropping on their communications.The law allows this to happen, but only if post hoc safeguards are applied. That is why, as Director James Comey testified before Congress, the FBI is “obsessive” about concealing the identities of Americans. That is why unmasking is a big deal. When an American is intercepted, the collecting agencies (FBI, CIA, and NSA) don’t shrug their shoulders and say, “Well, we could provide a marginally better understanding of the meaning of this communication if we revealed the name of the American.” Their practice is more along the lines of: “We don’t reveal the names unless it is absolutely necessary to understanding the communication, and even then, we prefer to use some substitute (e.g. ‘American Diplomat No. 1’) rather than the actual name.” The agencies take this position not because they are good, honorable people (though most of them are).They take it because it is in the interest of successfully carrying out their national-security mission. They know that if they fail to protect the identities and privacy of Americans, and the inevitable scandal arises, an irate public will demand that Congress curtail their spying powers. On the other hand, anyone can make a mistake. A failure to unmask an American’s identity when knowing it would be essential to an understanding of some crucial bit of foreign intelligence could have disastrous consequences. That is why consumers of intelligence sometimes – very rarely, but sometimes — ask the collectors to unmask. Even though the collecting officials know more about their investigations than do consumers (e.g., White House staffers on the National Security Council) of their intelligence reports, it is always possible that the consumers could notice something the collectors missed. Or they could think of an intelligence angle that didn’t occur to the collectors.So with all this gray area, how do we know whether unmasking is a massive abuse of power or a perfectly appropriate exercise of discretion? We apply common sense. Was the questionable unmasking a single, isolated instance, or was it part of a pattern? Did the communications in question have real foreign intelligence value, or were they just blather in which Americans participated or were mentioned — such that it might appear that unmasking the Americans was the objective of the collection effort, not something that was “incidental”?Was there a series of unmaskings of a particular American or group of Americans? After all, it would not seem very “incidental” to collect and unmask the very same people again and again — that would look more like targeting. Were standards applied consistently: Was the same unmasking protocol applied to all Americans with equal rigor, or does it appear that some Americans — like maybe . . . Americans connected to Trump — were given less protection than others? While the unmasking was going on, was an unprecedented presidential decision made to disseminate intelligence information very widely across the “community” of 17 intelligence agencies, including to officials with no obvious need to know? And while that was going on, were administration officials (including some former ones, like Evelyn Farkas, who left the administration to join the Clinton campaign), pressuring Congress to seek as much disclosure from intelligence community as possible regarding Trump?Whether we are dealing with a major abuse-of-power scandal or not depends on the answers to those questions. Contrary to Susan Rice’s latest version of events, it has little or nothing to do with whether laws were broken. — Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.Read more at: National Review








BREAKING: In UN, Amb. Haley shows images of children victimized by Syria chemical attack: “Look at those pictures!” https://t.co/iVGlbSX3fz— NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) April 5, 2017“We saw rows of lifeless bodies, some still in diapers, some with visible scars of a chemical weapons attack.”What option do we have after Syria’s Assad gassed his own people? Russia and Iran are assisting Syria so that makes it even harder to deal with:“If Russia has the influence in Syria that it claims to have, we need to see them use it. The truth is that Assad, Russia, and Iran have no interest in peace. We know that yesterday’s attack was a new low, even for Assad’s regime.”Nikki Haley following yesterday’s attack in Syria: “How many more children have to die before Russia cares?” https://t.co/0ICwAh1wuC— Axios (@axios) April 5, 2017What’s the end game here?Preisdent Trump called out Obama for establishing a red line but doing nothing about it.
“When the UN consistently fails in its duty to act collectively, there are times…we are compelled to take our own action” – Nikki Haley








A Muslim teenager from New Jersey was accepted to the prestigious Stanford University after he wrote “#BlackLivesMatter” a hundred times on his college application.Ziad Ahmed, a senior who attends the $34,600 a year private Princeton Day School, posted his acceptance letter–and the essay that helped get him accepted–on Twitter. The tweet shows that when he was prompted to answer the question, “What matters to you, and why?” Ahmed simply wrote the hashtag “#BlackLivesMatter” one hundred times.In his acceptance letter, Stanford emphasized how the university loved the “passion, determination, accomplishments and heart” shown in Ahmed’s application. They also said he will be joining a “diverse, joyful, and welcoming campus community with a shared determination to make our world better” if he chooses to attend Stanford.In an interview with Mic, Ahmed said, “I was actually stunned when I opened the update and saw that I was admitted.”“I didn’t think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it’s quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,” he added.Ahmed said he included a reference to Black Lives Matter because he feels “unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application.”“To me, to be Muslim is to be a BLM ally, and I honestly can’t imagine it being any other way for me,” Ahmed explained. “Furthermore, it’s critical to realize that one-fourth to one-third of the Muslim community in America are black … and to separate justice for Muslims from justices for the black community is to erase the realities of the plurality of our community.”Happy birthday to my role model, @lsarsour! As an American-Muslim youth today, she inspires/empowers me through her advocacy. Grateful. pic.twitter.com/u1YdU3tlyt— Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) March 19, 2017Ahmed’s Twitter profile includes more of his activism and political leanings. On his Twitter page, Ahmed has a profile photo with former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, a background photo with former President Obama, a photo with Women’s March organizer and terrorist sympathizer Linda Sarsour, and a photo with Teen Vogue writer Lauren Duca, who famously said President Trump is “gaslighting America” and defended Ivanka Trump being harassed.Although Ahmed’s application mentioned his support for Black Lives Matter, according to the College Board website, Stanford is 36 percent white, 21 percent Asian, 16 percent Hispanic or Latino, 10 percent two or more races, 9 percent non-resident alien, but only 6 percent black or African American. – MRCTV








Read more: Daily Mail








Watch the fascinating analysis of Rice’s body language here:The latest news from The Daily Caller proves that Susan Rice was lying in her PBS interview:Former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice ordered U.S. spy agencies to produce “detailed spreadsheets” of legal phone calls involving Donald Trump and his aides when he was running for president, according to former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova.“What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,” diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday.“The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,” diGenova said. “In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls.”Two weeks after the PBS interview shown by the body language expert, watch Susan Rice admit to unmasking “U.S. persons” included in intelligence reports to MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell:








DEMS,The“Merrick Garland”SHIP HAS SAILED‼️ Let It Go…OR….Do You Want Some 🧀 To Go With Your WHINE⁉️This Tantrum Wreaks Of Desperation— Cher (@cher) April 4, 2017Don’t be fooled by Cher’s tweet to Democrats in Congress. She’s not planning to switch parties anytime soon. Only 3 days ago, Cher warned her followers that if they don’t act now (We’re assuming she means acting against the “evil” Donald Trump and the horrible human beings who’ve bought into his “Make America Great Again” mantra) it will be the end of America and the end of the world:WATCHING“ALL THE PRESIDENTS MEN“.🚽ADMINISTRATION 💯X’SMORE TREACHEROUS,FRAUDULENT, DUPLICITOUS,HORRIFYING☠️IF WE DONT ACT,🚽WILL🐝END OF🇺🇸&🌎— Cher (@cher) April 1, 2017








WATCH: Susan Rice insists “I leaked nothing to nobody” https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN— MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017“I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today.”What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn’t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:Andrew McCarthy said it best:“The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president’s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests.”The bottom line is that laws were broken when the names were unmasked…Someone’s in BIG trouble!








Here’s a special public service announcement created to silence the angry, “Impeach Trump” leftists…Free of charge.SHARE it with all of your liberal friends…From the Left coast of California to the East coast of New York, liberals across America are calling for the impeachment of President Trump. The next time you hear or see someone calling for Trump’s impeachment, share this handy little succession guide with them. Nothing will silence a liberal faster than this visual explaining their options:  #Winning








Avec de nouveaux détails révélés sur l’assassinat de Sarah Lucie Halimi hy’d, il ne fait plus guère de doute sur deux points: premièrement, il s’agit bel et bien d’un assassinat motivé par un antisémitisme islamique et deuxièmement, les autorités françaises font tout pour étouffer cet aspect pour des raisons évidentes à deux semaines du premier tour de l’élection présidentielle.
Une source proche de l’enquête de police a fourni quelques éléments plus précis sur ce qui s’est passé mardi rue Vaucouleurs dans le 11e arrondissement de Paris.Le meurtrier est un musulman de 27 ans qui vit aves ses parents au 2e étage de l’immeuble.  Les voisins de la famille confirment qu’il s’est récemment « radicalisé », devenant un musulman très pratiquant. Avec son passé déjà lourd de comportements violents, le cocktail était prêt! La nuit du meurtre, l’individu s’est bruyamment disputé avec sa famille dans leur appartement, ce qui a poussé des habitants à appeler la police. Cette dernière a dépêché des hommes mais qui ont préféré ne pas intervenir et appeler des forces du RAID en se contentant de rester devant la porte du domicile du terroriste. Entre temps, ce dernier a grimpé au 3e étage de l’immeuble par la façade extérieure et s’est introduit de force dans l’appartement de Sarah Lucie Halimi en forçant et brisant la fenêtre. Il est ensuite dirigé vers la chambre à coucher et a frappé la malheureuse femme de plusieurs coups de couteau en criant « Allah ou-Akhbar ». Elle l’a supplié de l’épargner, mais il l’a ensuite traînée de force vers le balcon et l’a défenestrée du 3e étage.
Lors de la levée du corps à Paris se sont notamment exprimés le rav Itshak Katz et son beau-frère rav Moredkhaï Rothenberg, responsables de la communauté ‘Yad Mordekhaï’ pour laquelle avait travaillé la malheureuse victime. Ils ont notamment évoqué son dévouement sans limites pour l’éducation juive orthodoxe de ses enfants, sa profonde crainte de D.ieu. Des membres du Consistoire de Paris, Joël Merguy en tête, étaient présents également. Sarah Lucie Halimi sera inhumée jeudi à 11h30 au cimetière de Guivat Shaoul à Jérusalem. (Source: Beh’adrei Haredim)Photo Famille








Sebastien Wolfe Apr 6th, 2017 7:48 am Leave a Comment   In a violent attack causing trepidation amongst Paris’ Jewish community, a 66-year-old Orthodox woman, Sarah Halimi, was murdered to the cry of ‘‘Allahu Akbar’’ early Tuesday morning, pushed from the window of her top-floor apartment in Paris’ 11th arrondissement.The accused, a 27-year-old of Muslim origin known to police for a string of offenses, had broken into the apartment of his victim – reportedly scaling the exterior wall from the floor below where he lived with his parents – to stab his victim before throwing her to her death.The lifeless body of Ms. Halimi was found on the ground beneath her apartment, having been pushed to her death from her third story window during the attack which took place at approximately 4:30am.Three armed police were on the scene prior to the murder, according to neighbors, who also reported hearing the cry of ‘’Allahu Akbar’’ at the moment of the crime. Unconfirmed reports circulating on social media also suggest that Ms. Halimi had previously been harassed by a relative of the accused, and that she had been subjected to verbal abuse in the days leading up to the incident. Neighbors claim that the accused had been ”radicalized” and that police were waiting for an anti-terrorist unit to deal with the situation.French media have been covering the event with limited reference to the background of either the victim or the accused, instead characterizing the crime as the act of an unhinged individual. Further details of the incident have been emerging in the local Jewish media, with the story now gaining traction in Israel.Whilst the motives behind this crime are not yet 100% clear, it represents a growing phenomenon of criminal acts being preceded by cries of ‘‘Allahu Akbar’’ (‘’Our God is Greater’’) consistently explained by French media as the acts of ‘’déséquilibrés’’, the ‘’unbalanced’’ – a word fast entering the lexicon for such circumstances.Examples of the phenomenon are manifold in the local press;Wednesday morning, a man opened fire with a hunting rifle to cries of ‘’Allahu Akbar’’ in a shopping mall in suburban Nantes, in the west of the country, before being apprehended by police.In the Mediterranean city of Nice last week, scene of an horrific attack on July 14th 2016 leaving 86 dead, a 22-year-old Algerian attacked passers-by in the street and tried to hijack a vehicle, whilst crying the same maxim.Meanwhile in Flavigny, in Eastern France, thirty police were involved in an incident where an 18-year-old dressed in black terrorized patients and staff of a home for the handicapped whilst screaming ‘Allahu Akbar.’ He was later arrested under a French law banning apology for terrorism.Earlier in March, in the southern city of Avignon, a 28-year-old man caused panic whilst roaming the center of town screaming ‘’Allahu Akbar – I’m armed and I’m going to kill you all.’’ Local media put the incident down to intoxication.In February, also in Avignon, a 23-year-old man raped a prostitute in broad daylight, taunting ‘’infidel’’ police afterwards, threatening to ”send them to hell’ whilst incanting a prayer in Arabic and shouting the words ‘‘Allahu Akbar.’’‘’I’m going to come back and kill you, I’m going to rape your wives, your daughters, then kill the whores!’’ the man, well known to police in Avignon, screamed during his arrest.Whilst certain of these events can be put down to mental illness and intoxication, there is a worrying trend emerging, little reported outside of France; that of violent acts being committed by common criminals and amateur jihadists in the name of Islam with the battle cry of ”Allahu Akbar” being used to goad police and to strike fear into ordinary citizens. The resulting climate of insecurity is playing on nerves already jittery following a spate of terrorist attacks since 2015.As the Paris investigation continues, France’s Jewish community will be paying close attention to this fast developing story. A march and vigil are set to take place Sunday outside the address of the deceased to honor her memory and draw attention to the story.Filed Under: Featured, Uncategorized








by Ron Allen        and Alex Johnson
                 Voters in Ferguson, Missouri, re-elected Mayor James Knowles III on Tuesday in the first election since the fatal shooting of Michael Brown in 2014.  Knowles — who rode out weeks of unrest after Brown, an unarmed teenager, was shot and killed by Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson — defeated City Council member Ella Jones 56 percent to 44 percent, with all of the city's 13 precincts reporting. Jones, 62, would have become the first black mayor in the city's 122 years had she been elected.  Tuesday's election — the first chance that voters had had to weigh in since the nationally followed shooting — also came on the same day that U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions called for a review of court-ordered criminal justice reforms demanded by the Obama administration in Ferguson and numerous other cities.  Knowles, 37, is white. Like Jones, he campaigned on a promise to continue the changes and reforms instituted following a scathing report by the Justice Department, which accused police and the courts of systemic bias against poor black residents.  Ferguson is one of the smallest cities in the country to have negotiated a consent decree with the federal government, and both candidates were mindful that any delay could undermine fragile efforts to create trust between the police department and skeptical segments of the community.  Ferguson's mayor has less power than the city manager, but given the city's recent history and its place in the national spotlight, the mayor has enormous power to shape public perceptions as the "face" of the city.  The fear now, with Knowles' winning a third three-year term, is that residents, activists and protesters — already doubtful that anything will ever change — could harden their attitudes.  But Knowles argued that his experience would be valuable guiding the city through a period of reform over the next three years with new council members, a new police chief and a new city manager.  Voters also overwhelmingly approved a measure to require police officers to wear body cameras at all times and to require the city to keep body camera video for at least two years.  Ferguson officers have used the cameras since Brown was killed, but critics accused police of not wearing them consistently.








By        	
		            
		            	
		            		
		            		
		            			
		            		
							 Catherine Herridge,
							
								
							
		                 
		            		
		            		
		            			
		            		
							 Pamela K. Browne
							
								
							
		                    
		                 
		                        
		            
								 
							The intelligence reports at the center of the Susan Rice unmasking controversy were detailed, and almost resembled a private investigator’s file, according to a Republican congressman familiar with the documents."This is information about their everyday lives," Rep. Peter King of New York, a member of the House Intelligence committee said. "Sort of like in a divorce case where lawyers are hired, investigators are hired just to find out what the other person is doing from morning until night and then you try to piece it together later on.”On the House Intelligence Committee, only the Republican chairman, Devin Nunes of California, and the ranking Democrat Adam Schiff, also of California, have personally reviewed the intelligence reports. Some members were given broad outlines.Nunes has consistently stated that the files caused him deep concern because the unmasking went beyond the former national security adviser Mike Flynn, and the information was not related to Moscow.Schiff said in a statement, “I cannot comment on the content of these materials or any other classified documents, and nothing should be inferred from the fact that I am treating classified materials the way they should be treated - by refusing to comment on them. Only the Administration has the power to declassify the information and make it available to the public."Former National Security Adviser Rice is under scrutiny after allegations she sought to unmask the identities of Trump associates caught up in surveillance - such as phone calls between foreign intelligence targets. Rice denies ever having sought such information for political purposes and has defended her requests as routine.But the most recent government data shows that unmasking or identifying Americans happens in a limited number of cases. The Office for the Director of National Intelligence, which oversees the 17 intelligence agencies, said "...in 2015, NSA disseminated 4,290 FAA Section 702 intelligence reports that included U.S. person information. Of those 4,290 reports, the U.S. person information was masked in 3,168 reports and unmasked in 1,122 reports."  The report said "NSA is allowed to unmask the identity for the specific requesting recipient only under certain conditions and where specific additional controls are in place" and those conditions were met for "654 U.S. person identities" in 2015.That means Americans were identified in 26 percent of the cases, or roughly one in four intelligence reports.During his March 20 testimony before the House Intelligence Committee, NSA director Admiral Mike Rogers said only 20 individuals within the agency are authorized to approve those requests.“They receive specific training, there are specific controls put in place in terms of our ability to disseminate information out of the databases associated with U.S. persons,” Rogers said at the time. What it appears to suggest is that the NSA itself agreed that the instances in which Rice requested unmasking warranted that action.FBI Director James Comey was less direct. "I don't know for sure. As I sit here, surely more, given the nature of the FBI's work," he testified."It would be nice to know the universe of people who have the power to unmask a U.S. citizen's name," South Carolina Republican congressman Trey Gowdy pressed. "Because that might provide something of a roadmap to investigate who might've actually disseminated a masked U.S. citizen's name."Rice told NBC News’ Andrea Mitchell that the reports were requested by the Obama administration, which announced a probe into the Russian election hacking in early December. Two months earlier in October, before the election, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Homeland Security Department put out a joint statement about Moscow's interference.Rice told Mitchell, "Fulfilling the president's request for such a report, they went back and scrubbed more reports. They began to provide more such reports to American officials, including myself."Given the late fall timeline, it is not clear the intelligence reports Rice discussed during the NBC interview, are the same files reviewed by Nunes and Schiff.Speaking to Fox News Wednesday, President Trump said he believed the former national security adviser may have committed a crime when she sought the identities of the Trump team members. The allegation was first reported by the New York Times.While not commenting on the individual case, a former senior intelligence official explained the request must be approved by the NSA. Rice would have understood that there is an extensive government paper trail, that can be audited within the NSA, that shows who requested the unmasking, on what basis, and whether it was granted. This raises more questions about Rice, her motivation and whether it was authorized higher up, offering cover. If approved, the former senior intelligence official said, only the requester, in this case Rice, would receive the information. Based on Fox News’ reporting, the information was shared beyond Rice, but it is not clear if those who received it had a “need to know.” A spokeswoman for Rice, Erin Pelton, said in an email to the New York Times on Wednesday, “I’m not going to dignify the president’s ludicrous charge with a comment.”  Pelton works for Mercury LLC, a crisis management firm. At the height of the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attack fallout, and questions about whether Rice and a former senior intelligence official had misled Congress about the role of an internet video in the deaths of four Americans, Mercury LLC was also tasked with handling the Fox News media inquiries.Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. Herridge joined FNC in 1996 as a London-based correspondent.Pamela K. Browne is Senior Executive Producer at the FOX News Channel (FNC) and is Director of Long-Form Series and Specials. Her journalism has been recognized with several awards. Browne first joined FOX in 1997 to launch the news magazine “Fox Files” and later, “War Stories.”








By        	
		            
		            	   
		                 
		                 	Adam Housley and Malia Zimmerman                 	
		                 
		                        
		            
								 
							Lawmakers probing the surveillance of key officials in the Trump campaign and administration say the intelligence agencies now nominally under the president’s control are stonewalling efforts to get to the bottom of who revealed names and leaked protected information to the press.The House and Senate Intelligence Committees are currently investigating allegations the Obama administration spied on Trump associates – and possibly Trump himself – for as long as the year preceding his inauguration. And while former Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice has been implicated as at least one of the officials who sought redacted names from surveillance transcripts, multiple lawmakers and investigators for the panel told Fox News the CIA, FBI and National Security Agency - all agencies in position to aid the probe – are not cooperating.“Our requests are simply not being answered,” said one House Intelligence committee source about the lack of responsiveness. "The agencies are not really helping at all and there is truly a massive web for us to try and wade through.”A Senate Intelligence Committee source said the upper chamber had the same experience.“Our requests are simply not being answered.”- House Intelligence Committee source“Any information that will help find the wide extent on the unmasking and surveillance is purposely not being provided,” said the Senate source.An FBI spokesperson said the bureau is working in good faith.“The FBI will continue to work with the congressional oversight committees on their requests,” the spokesperson said.A CIA spokesperson told Fox News the NSA was the lead agency on the matter and referred questions to it.Rice is at the center of the unmasking controversy.
			                    
			                        (Associated Press)
			                    
			                In a statement to Fox News, the NSA called the allegations "categorically untrue.""Allegations that the National Security Agency is 'withholding information' from congressional intelligence committees investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election are categorically untrue," the statement said. "NSA fully supports the committees' work. We have already made available significant information in response to their requests, and we look forward to continuing to work with them in the execution of their important responsibilities."Comey spoke to lawmakers last month, but has declined subsequent invitations.
			                    
			                        (Associated Press)
			                    
			                Sources within the NSA said they are watching the investigation closely, with one telling Fox News, “A number of people saw a lot of very questionable stuff. [The Obama administration was] using national assets and intelligence for politics.”It was not clear if the alleged lack of cooperation was from top brass or agency holdovers resisting the new administration.Pompeo was on the House Intelligence Committee, but now runs the CIA.
			                    
			                        (Associated Press)
			                    
			                The CIA is now headed by former Rep. Mike Pompeo, who himself served on the House Intelligence Committee prior to his nomination. The FBI and NSA are run by James Comey and Mike Rogers, respectively. Both are holdovers from the Obama administration. Last month, both men declined to appear at a private closed door House Intelligence Committee briefing and have not met with the committee members since.The meeting was supposed to be a follow-up to public testimony by Comey and Rogers to the committee in late March on the topic of Russian meddling in the presidential election and the alleged mishandling of intelligence related to the Trump transition team.During the public hearing, the pair had declined to answer more than 100 questions, and Comey has been completely unavailable since.House Intelligence Chair Devin Nunes, R-Calif., told Fox News he had hoped that behind closed doors, Comey and Rogers would be more forthcoming.Nunes wants answers from the intelligence agencies, but his panel has been stymied, according to sources.
			                    
			                        (Associated Press)
			                    
			                Nunes also wanted to ask them about intelligence reports he’d viewed that showed incidental electronic intercepts of Trump team communications. The intelligence reports, which included surveillance of foreign targets, revealed that the names of Trump's team had been "unmasked" or revealed, and their identities widely disseminated throughout the government and to the media.Nunes said during a March 22 press conference that he was “troubled” because the reports he’d seen were not connected to Russia or any foreign intelligence.U.S. intelligence sources have told Fox News that Rice, President Obama's national security adviser, is responsible for unmasking at least some of Trump team named in surveillance reports.Rice said Tuesday on MSNBC, “It was not uncommon, it was necessary at times to make those requests…..” to understand the information. But Rice maintained she is not the leaker, didn’t send the information to the press and did not use the information for political purposes.And while U.S. intelligence sources told Fox News that unmasking requests escalated after Trump was elected, Rice claimed she didn’t remember. “I don’t have a particular recollection of doing that more frequently after the election.”President Trump on Wednesday claimed that he believes Rice may have committed a crime by requesting the identities of Trump associates who were mentioned in U.S. surveillance, though he did not provide proof.Asked by the New York Times if Rice committed a crime, Trump said, “Do I think? Yes, I think.” Rice isn’t the only Obama official implicated in the Trump team surveillance scandal. Multiple sources insist she was part of a group involved at the highest levels and was not calling the shots.“A lot of us are upset. We believe this group of people were using national assets for politics and misappropriating them,” said one NSA source. “Don’t forget as the national security advisor, Susan Rice is supposed to ingest and digest. Despite what you are hearing, it is not normal to investigate especially in the broad manner that was being done. She [was] a White House staffer, not a member of an intelligence agency."








UPDATE: Arrest made in gas station attackCAROLINE COUNTY, Va. -- An attack at a gas station off Interstate 95 in Central Virginia left one man bloodied, his boat and Porsche damaged, and a New Jersey woman under investigation for a possible hate crime.The incident happened Saturday morning at a Carmel Church Exxon gas station off I-95, according to Caroline County Sheriff Tony Lippa.Bob, who asked his last name not be published, and his wife had stopped at the gas station while driving back home from Florida to Massachusetts.They were driving a Porsche and hauling a boat.Bob said while he was pumping gas, a woman started screaming at him."This lady was a couple pumps over and talking to me and yelling at somebody about having a message for her. I had no idea what she was talking about," Bob said. "I was coming around the side of the car and next thing I know a car blocks me in. She comes out of her car gets in my face and yelling at me about some sort of message I got for her."Exxon off Interstate 95 in Caroline County, Va.He said he attempted to ignore her, but she eventually threatened to put a hole in his "fancy boat."That's when, Bob said, the woman grabbed a hammer."She actually took a hammer and she hit his vehicle and the boat," Sheriff Lippa said. "She actually clawed him. He took her down to the ground to prevent her from doing any more damage."Car damaged in attack at Caroline County gas station."I let her go and she grabbed the hammer again and hit the boat again," Bob said. "[The hammer] broke. That's when she figured out she better get out of there because she didn’t have a weapon anymore."While Bob and the woman were struggling with each other, a witness snapped a photo of the woman's vehicle.Investigators used that photo to identify the woman as Angela M. Jones, 26, of Newark, New Jersey.Bob's wife, who was in the gas station bathroom during the attack, returned to find her bloodied husband."There were some racial slurs directed at her [Bob's wife], at which time the accused spit in [Bob's wife's] face," Sheriff Lippa said. "According to the victim, there were racial slurs that were yelled at [Bob's wife] before [Jones] spit at her and that’s what we’re looking into as far as it being a hate crime."During the attack, the couple said the woman said she was "sick of fancy white people.""I have no idea why she started going after us, but I guess she thought we were some rich people," Bob said.New Jersey State Police were contacted in an effort to find Jones. She was has since been arrested.Angela JonesShe is wanted in Caroline County on charges of malicious wounding, assault, and destruction of property.Witnesses can submit news tips and photos here.Filed in: Local Topics: Caroline County, Crime and Justice, Interstate 95








{{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice Maggie McGrath ,  {{contrib_block.display_author.type}}   Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor   Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.Full profile →'">The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer.Photographer: Luke Sharrett/BloombergIt's official: , the fast-casual soup-and-sandwich chain that has become one of the darlings of the publicly traded restaurant sector, confirmed Wednesday that it is being bought by JAB Holding Co., a Luxembourg-based private equity shop that is 95% owned by the German billionaire Reimann family, in a deal worth close to $7.5 billion.Sale speculation first broke on Monday; JAB was identified as the likeliest buyer early on, though rumors also suggested that Panera could find itself acquired by one of its peers in the restaurant space, with Yum! Brands, ,  and even Domino's all getting their names floated as potential suitors.Ultimately, Panera finds itself in the hands of a consumer-focused private equity firm that already boasts a bevy of breakfast brands as part of its holdings: JAB Holding and the JAB Consumer Fund have controlling stakes in  (the single-serve coffee company), Peet's Coffee & Tea, , Einstein Noah Restaurant Group (consumers know it as Einstein Bagels), and of course, Krispy Kreme, which it acquired for $1.35 billion in 2016. As far as strategic fits go, Panera could do worse.The deal price, too, is an attractive one: JAB is shelling out $315 per share in cash to acquire Panera -- a 30% premium to Panera's volume-weighted share price as of March 31, the last trading day before deal speculation broke -- and it is also acquiring $340 million of net debt. All told, the transaction is valued at close to $7.5 billion."By any measure, Panera has been one of the most successful restaurant companies in history. What started as one 400-square-foot cookie store in Boston has grown to a system with over 2,000 units, approximately $5 billion in sales, and over 100,000 associates," Panera founder and CEO Ron Shaich said in a statement Wednesday morning. "In more than 25 years as a publicly traded company, Panera has created significant shareholder value. Indeed, Panera has been the best-performing restaurant stock of the past 20 years – up over 8,000%. Today's transaction is a direct reflection of those efforts, and delivers substantial additional value for our shareholders."Of Panera's new owners, Shaich said: "We believe this transaction with JAB offers the best way to continue to operate with this approach. We are pleased to join with JAB, a private investor with an equally long-term perspective, as well as a deep commitment to our strategic plan."The acquirers are, naturally, just as pleased with their new portfolio gem. Olivier Goudet, JAB's CEO, said in a statement Wednesday, "We have long admired Ron and the incredible success story he has created at Panera. I have great respect for the strong business that he, together with his management team, its franchisees and its associates, has built." Goudet also said that he and his team support Panera's plans and strategic initiatives for future growth, implying that the modernized "Panera 2.0" won't immediately need to become "Panera 3.0."Shares of Panera spiked 13.5% in Wednesday's premarket trading session, indicating that Wall Street is also cheering the deal. In commentary released earlier in the week, when the possibility of a deal was still just a possibility, analysts said that the timing of a sale would make sense for Panera."The rationale for a sale at this time is understandable. Operational and financial metrics have trended up, with several quarters of improved operating momentum and a valuation which was even before [Monday's] news approaching all- time highs," UBS analyst Dennis Geiger wrote in a note on Tuesday. "Strategically, category and brand positioning are both attractive given an on-trend menu, focus on quality and Panera's leadership position."Panera and JAB's announcement Wednesday marks the third big restaurant M&A deal of 2017: In February, Burger King owner Restaurant Brands International agreed to take Popeyes private for $1.8 billion, and in March, Darden Restaurants agreed to buy Cheddar Scratch Kitchen for $780 million.For prior Forbes coverage of Panera, see:Panera Spikes 10% On Rumors That It's Exploring A SalePanera Bread's Takeover Alternative Is To Become The Next Dunkin' BrandsWhat To Expect From Starbucks, Panera And The Restaurant Space In 2017Panera Beats Earnings Expectations As Investment In 'Panera 2.0' Begins To Pay OffRestaurant Recession? Maybe Not If You're Panera, Sonic Or Starbucks








{{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice Max Jedeur-Palmgren ,  {{contrib_block.display_author.type}}   Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor   Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.Full profile →'">The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer.Just as they wish it to be, you have probably have never heard of the Reimann family. Chances are however that you have come across the products of their empire multiple times a day; maybe it was a pair of Jimmy Choo shoes, Durex condoms, Peet’s coffee, a Mondelez snack or Calvin Klein fragrances. On Monday, the family's conglomerated announced it will pay $13.9 billion in cash to add yet another well-known product to its portfolio, Keurig Green Mountain, maker of home and office coffee brewing systems. The offer was a 78% premium to where it had traded on Friday, and the news sent the stock soaring. (The company's founder, Bob Stiller, saw his fortune jump nearly $300 million today but he is still worth well less than he was at the stock's peak).Durex condoms, one of the many products in the Reimann portfolio.(Credit: Cindy Ord/Getty Images)The Reimann family is one of the richest families on the planet, worth at least $19 billion. Five members of the family rank amongst the world's billionaires, and four have fortunes worth more than $4 billion apiece (Wolgang Reimann, Matthias Reimann-Andersen, Stefan Reimann-Andersen, Renate Reimann-Haas and Andrea Reimann-Ciadelli).The siblings are decedents of German chemist Ludwig Reimann, who in 1828 joined Johann Adam Benckiser, and his namesake company in Ludwigshafen, Germany. By marrying one of Benckiser’s daughters, Reimann ended up inheriting the entire company. His great-grandson Albert Reimann took the reins in 1952, and decided to steer the company in a new direction, adding consumer goods to its business. When he died in 1984, his nine adopted children, none of whom had ever worked for the business or had any role in its operations, each inherited 11.1% of John A. Benckiser (JAB S.e.r.l.). The lack of involvement is allegedly part of the family policy, which also includes signing a codex on one’s 18th birthday pledging to stay out of the public as much as possible, thus making them one of the most private billionaire families.Five of the original nine siblings have divested from JAB, selling their stakes to the remaining four. Wolfgang, Matthias, Stefan and Renate together now own 95% of the company, which they hold through family offices based in Vienna. Andrea Reimann-Ciadelli, now an American citizen living in New Hampshire, sold her stake in 2003 for close to $1 billion and is the lowest ranking family member one the Forbes Billionaires List. The other sellers are believed to have been bought out in the late 90's to unknown, but probably lower, amounts.In short, while they don't actively run the business, the family tightly controls JAB Holding Company, which today consists of four main parts: A 70% stake in publicly traded perfume maker Coty Inc; a 10.6% stake in publicly traded Reckitt Benckiser – the multinational formed in 1999 through the family business and British manufacturer Reckitt & Coleman Ltd; luxury brand fashion group JAB Luxury (Jimmy Choo, Belstaff, Bally); and coffee behemoth Jacobs Douwe Egberts.








Shares of Panera (PNRA) surged nearly 15% in early trading Wednesday. The stock soared on Monday as rumors surfaced that Panera was in merger talks.  JAB was named as a possible suitor, as were McDonald's (MCD), Starbucks (SBUX), KFC parent company Yum! (YUM) and Domino's (DPZ).  In a statement Wednesday, Panera and JAB said they hope the deal would close in the third quarter of this year.  Panera founder and CEO Ron Shaich said in the statement that selling to JAB would allow Panera to increase its investments in its digital and mobile ordering technology as well as increase its focus on using healthier ingredients.  JAB partner and CEO Olivier Goudet added that he and the rest of his team "strongly support Panera's vision for the future, strategic initiatives, culture of innovation, and balanced company versus franchise store mix."  So fans of Panera's soup and sandwiches probably shouldn't expect any major menu changes as a result of the deal.  Related: Is your favorite restaurant about to get taken over?  Panera has been a star of the so-called fast casual restaurant industry over the past few years, reporting strong sales and profits.  To that end, the company also said Wednesday that same-store sales at its restaurants (although Panera calls them "bakery-cafes") rose a healthy 5.3% in the first quarter from the same period a year ago.  Some have argued that Panera, which now has more than 2,300 restaurants in the United States and Canada, has even taken over the title as the leader of the rapidly growing fast casual segment from Chipotle (CMG).  The burrito chain stumbled due to an outbreak of E. coli at its restaurants in 2015. Chipotle's sales still haven't fully recovered.  It is interesting that Panera is agreeing to be taken over since it's doing well. But the company has picked a partner that is rapidly emerging as a big player in the U.S. food industry.  In addition to Krispy Kreme and the Einstein Noah bagel chains, JAB also owns K-cup coffee king Keurig Green Mountain, the Gevalia brand of coffee as well as coffee chains Caribou, Peet's and Stumptown.  JAB also owns a big stake in a fair number of non-food brands, such as shoe and handbag company Jimmy Choo, beauty products maker Coty and Reckitt Benckiser, the company behind Lysol, Woolite and the Durex brand of condoms.  Related: Chipotle's E, coli woes might not be over  The Panera-JAB deal may also put more pressure on other restaurant chains to look for bigger partners as well. If Panera, which actually has been thriving, decided to sell out, then how can less successful restaurant chains continue to go it alone?  There already has been a flurry of restaurant mergers lately. Burger King and Tim Hortons owner Restaurant Brands (QSR) -- which is backed by Warren Buffett -- bought Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen earlier this year.  Bob Evans Farms (BOBE) sold its restaurant business to private equity firm Golden Gate Capital for $565 million in January. Golden Gate acquired Red Lobster from Olive Garden owner Darden Restaurants in 2014.  And Darden (DRI) just announced last week it was buying casual dining chain Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen for $780 million.  Popular sandwich chain Jimmy John's sold a majority stake last September to investment company Roark Capital too.








This New Jersey student’s unconventional approach to applying for college paid off for him.On his Stanford University application, Ziad Ahmed was posed the question “What matters to you, and why?”The 18-year-old activist from Princeton, New Jersey, decided to use the opportunity to write “#BlackLivesMatter” 100 times.To his surprise, the answer caught the attention of the California school’s admissions office and Ahmed received his acceptance letter on Friday.“I didn’t think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it’s quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,” Ahmed told Mic.He shared his acceptance letter and application on Twitter, where it quickly went viral.I submitted this answer in my @Stanford application, & yesterday, I was admitted…#BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/R5YxM77bWL— Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) April 1, 2017Ahmed, who is Muslim, said on Twitter that he hopes to use his time in college to continue to support the Black Lives Matter movement.“I also recognize black students are often systemically disenfranchised educationally, & that it is my duty to fight to change that,” he wrote.








Social media users have slammed a Muslim teen activist who was accepted into Stanford University after writing “Black Lives Matter” 100 times in his application, with some saying a black applicant wouldn’t have been accepted.On Monday, Mic.com published an article about Ziad Ahmed, a Muslim teenager who replied to a question “What matters to you, and why?” on his college application by writing “Black Lives Matter” exactly 100 times.Ahmed was accepted into the university. “Everyone who reviewed your application was inspired by your passion, determination, accomplishments and heart,” read a letter from Stanford posted on his Twitter.The student, who claims also to have been accepted at Princeton and Yale, explained to Mic why he wrote the slogan so many times on his application: “My unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application.”He added: “To me, to be Muslim is to be a BLM ally, and I honestly can’t imagine it being any other way for me. “Furthermore, it’s critical to realize that one-fourth to one-third of the Muslim community in America are (sic) black … and to separate justice for Muslims from justices for the black community is to erase the realities of the plurality of our community.”I submitted this answer in my @Stanford application, & yesterday, I was admitted…#BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/R5YxM77bWL— Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) April 1, 2017But not everyone was touched by such a virtue-signaling move from Ahmed—with some people suggesting that an actual black student would never be able to get away with writing that on their application to an elite university.“Yeah I’m not sure I find this cute or heartwarming, no way a black kid could get rewarded for doing the same thing,” wrote Zoe Samudzi on Twitter. “When I/we talk about black struggle being used by non-black folks for social capital and material gain, this is what’s meant by it.”She added: “This looks much nastier coming from non-black folks of color than from white people. Because they help meet the ‘diverse but SAFE’ quota.”Another social media user wrote: “This is so annoyingly performative. Which black people are materially benefiting from him spamming #BLM on his app? I’m so unimpressed.”Not only could a black kid not get away with this, black kids are PUNISHED for supporting their own damn strugglehttps://t.co/6TunBw8Ckd— Zoé Samudzi (@ztsamudzi) April 4, 2017Writer Roqayah Chamseddine noted Ahmed’s unapologetic defense of Hillary Clinton (he even has a picture with her!), tweeting: “That entire thing, including the photo with Clinton, makes me feel ill”.“How is it that black teens who are administratively reprimanded for supporting BLM couldn’t get away w/an admission essay like that,” wrote Zaynab Shahar. “And the fact that a non-black [person of color] writes BLM 100X and gets the same spot at Standford (sic) the black kid who busted ass *might get*?”Author Feminista Jones also added to the debate: “I’d be interested in hearing him get into more of the nuance of non-Black Muslims historically hating Black people/rejecting [Black] Muslims.”‘Calm down my white friends… your white privilege is showing. y’all carry on,’ wrote Twitter user Aisha.Lukas MikelionisJoshua Nash is facing severe blow-back from a Facebook post criticizing BLM.Kassy Dillon








CNN’s Chris Cuomo cautioned “New Day” viewers Tuesday to beware what he called the “fake scandal being peddled by right-wing media” that is the report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice was behind the unmasking of identities of members of the Trump transition team.According to Cuomo, there is “no evidence of any wrongdoing.”“So President Trump wants you to believe that he is the victim of a ‘crooked scheme.’ Those are his words. And here are our words: There is no evidence of any wrongdoing,” Cuomo said.He continued, “And, in fact, if anything the [national security adviser] asking for identities was a reflection of exactly how much traffic there was involving Trump people and foreign players. The White House blasting the press for not reporting on another fake scandal being peddled by right-wing media.”Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideoBreitbart TV, Chris Cuomo, CNN, Donald Trump, New Day, Susan Rice








Jim Hoft Apr 3rd, 2017 10:42 am Leave a Comment Senior Fox News Correspondent, Adam Housley revealed on Friday that Intel Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) knows who unmasked the identities of Trump and his close associates. Sources also told him that the unmasking was purely for political purposes to embarrass Trump and had NOTHING to do with national security. Now this..
According to activist and author Mike Cernovich the leaker and unmasker is Susan Rice.We know it's you @AmbassadorRice. Bloomberg and NY Times both sat on the story to protect Obama. Have a nice time before Congress. https://t.co/8vx9SqYffK— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 2, 2017It is now widely accepted that Barack Obama spied on the Trump Transition Team.Obama may be the first POTUS brought down by a scandal after he left office. Every major outlet had this scoop, none would run it. https://t.co/LvPEGqJxtk— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 2, 2017BREAKING NEWS! Susan Rice requested unmasking of incoming Trump administration officials.— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 2, 2017Susan Rice made a name for herself when she said the Benghazi massacre was a protest and when she defended deserter Bowe Bergdahl for ‘serving admirably.”UPDATE—  Mike Cernovich has more on the story at The Medium.The White House Counsel’s office identified Rice as the person responsible for the unmasking after examining Rice’s document log requests. The reports Rice requested to see are kept under tightly-controlled conditions. Each person must log her name before being granted access to them.Upon learning of Rice’s actions, H. R. McMaster dispatched his close aide Derek Harvey to Capitol Hill to brief Chairman Nunes.“Unmasking” is the process of identifying individuals whose communications were caught in the dragnet of intelligence gathering. While conducting investigations into terrorism and other related crimes, intelligence analysts incidentally capture conversations about parties not subject to the search warrant. The identities of individuals who are not under investigation are kept confidential, for legal and moral reasons. Read the rest here.UPDATE—- Bloomberg confirmed on Monday that Susan Rice was the unmasker of the surveillance on Donald Trump and his associates.
Via Eli Lake:White House lawyers last month discovered that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter.The pattern of Rice’s requests was discovered in a National Security Council review of the government’s policy on “unmasking” the identities of individuals in the U.S. who are not targets of electronic eavesdropping, but whose communications are collected incidentally. Normally those names are redacted from summaries of monitored conversations and appear in reports as something like “U.S. Person One.”The National Security Council’s senior director for intelligence, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, was conducting the review, according to two U.S. officials who spoke with Bloomberg View on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly. In February Cohen-Watnick discovered Rice’s multiple requests to unmask U.S. persons in intelligence reports that related to Trump transition activities. He brought this to the attention of the White House General Counsel’s office, who reviewed more of Rice’s requests and instructed him to end his own research into the unmasking policy.Filed Under: Uncategorized








White House lawyers last month learned that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter.The pattern of Rice's requests was discovered in a National Security Council review of the government's policy on "unmasking" the identities of individuals in the U.S. who are not targets of electronic eavesdropping, but whose communications are collected incidentally. Normally those names are redacted from summaries of monitored conversations and appear in reports as something like "U.S. Person One."The National Security Council's senior director for intelligence, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, was conducting the review, according to two U.S. officials who spoke with Bloomberg View on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly. In February Cohen-Watnick discovered Rice's multiple requests to unmask U.S. persons in intelligence reports that related to Trump transition activities. He brought this to the attention of the White House General Counsel's office, who reviewed more of Rice's requests and instructed him to end his own research into the unmasking policy.The intelligence reports were summaries of monitored conversations -- primarily between foreign officials discussing the Trump transition, but also in some cases direct contact between members of the Trump team and monitored foreign officials. One U.S. official familiar with the reports said they contained valuable political information on the Trump transition such as whom the Trump team was meeting, the views of Trump associates on foreign policy matters and plans for the incoming administration. Rice did not respond to an email seeking comment on Monday morning. Her role in requesting the identities of Trump transition officials adds an important element to the dueling investigations surrounding the Trump White House since the president's inauguration.Both the House and Senate intelligence committees are probing any ties between Trump associates and a Russian influence operation against Hillary Clinton during the election. The chairman of the House intelligence committee, Representative Devin Nunes, is also investigating how the Obama White House kept tabs on the Trump transition after the election through unmasking the names of Trump associates incidentally collected in government eavesdropping of foreign officials.Rice herself has not spoken directly on the issue of unmasking. Last month when she was asked on the "PBS NewsHour" about reports that Trump transition officials, including Trump himself, were swept up in incidental intelligence collection, Rice said: "I know nothing about this," adding, "I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that account today."Rice's requests to unmask the names of Trump transition officials do not vindicate Trump's own tweets from March 4 in which he accused Obama of illegally tapping Trump Tower. There remains no evidence to support that claim. But Rice's multiple requests to learn the identities of Trump officials discussed in intelligence reports during the transition period does highlight a longstanding concern for civil liberties advocates about U.S. surveillance programs. The standard for senior officials to learn the names of U.S. persons incidentally collected is that it must have some foreign intelligence value, a standard that can apply to almost anything. This suggests Rice's unmasking requests were likely within the law.The news about Rice also sheds light on the strange behavior of Nunes in the last two weeks. It emerged last week that he traveled to the White House last month, the night before he made an explosive allegation about Trump transition officials caught up in incidental surveillance. At the time he said he needed to go to the White House because the reports were only on a database for the executive branch. It now appears that he needed to view computer systems within the National Security Council that would include the logs of Rice's requests to unmask U.S. persons.The ranking Democrat on the committee Nunes chairs, Representative Adam Schiff, viewed these reports on Friday. In comments to the press over the weekend he declined to discuss the contents of these reports, but also said it was highly unusual for the reports to be shown only to Nunes and not himself and other members of the committee.Indeed, much about this is highly unusual: if not how the surveillance was collected, then certainly how and why it was disseminated.This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.To contact the author of this story:                Eli Lake     at elake1@bloomberg.netTo contact the editor responsible for this story:                Philip Gray     at philipgray@bloomberg.net








By        	
		            
		            	
		            		
		            		
		            			
		            		
							 Malia Zimmerman,
							
								
							
		                 
		            		
		            		
		            			
		            		
							 Adam Housley
							
								
							
		                    
		                 
		                        
		            
								 
							The U.S. intelligence official who “unmasked,” or exposed, the names of multiple private citizens affiliated with the Trump team is someone “very well known, very high up, very senior in the intelligence world,” a source told Fox News on Friday. Intelligence and House sources with direct knowledge of the disclosure of classified names told Fox News that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., now knows who is responsible -- and that person is not in the FBI.For a private citizen to be “unmasked,” or named, in an intelligence report is extremely rare. Typically, the American is a suspect in a crime, is in danger or has to be named to explain the context of the report.“The main issue in this case, is not only the unmasking of these names of private citizens, but the spreading of these names for political purposes that have nothing to do with national security or an investigation into Russia’s interference in the U.S. election,” a congressional source close to the investigation told Fox News. The unmasking of Americans whose communications apparently were caught up in surveillance under the Obama administration is a key part of an investigation being led by Nunes, who has come under fire from Democrats for focusing on that aspect. Nunes has known about the unmasking controversy since January, when two sources in the intelligence community approached him. The sources told Nunes who was responsible and at least one of the Trump team names that was unmasked. They also gave him serial numbers of reports that documented the activity.This was long before Trump sent out his now-infamous March 4 tweets claiming then-President Barack Obama “wiretapped” Trump Tower during the 2016 election.Nunes had asked intelligence agencies to see the reports in question, but was stonewalled.He eventually was able to view them, but there was only one safe place to see the documents without compromising the sources’ identities -- the old executive office building on White House grounds, which has a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) required to view classified or top secret reports. The White House did not tell Nunes about the existence of the intelligence reports, but did help him gain access to the documents at his request, the source said.The White House, meanwhile, is urging Nunes and his colleagues to keep pursuing what improper surveillance and leaks may have occurred before Trump took office. They’ve been emboldened in the wake of March 2 comments from former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas, who on MSNBC suggested her former colleagues tried to gather material on Trump team contacts with Russia.White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Friday her comments and other reports raise “serious” concerns about whether there was an “organized and widespread effort by the Obama administration to use and leak highly sensitive intelligence information for political purposes.”“Dr. Farkas’ admissions alone are devastating,” he said.Farkas parted ways with the White House in 2015 and defended herself on Twitter, saying she didn’t personally “give anybody anything except advice” on Russia information and wanted Congress to ask for facts. The communications collected from Trump team associates apparently were picked up during surveillance of foreign targets. But an intelligence source familiar with those targets said they were spied on long before Trump became the GOP presidential nominee in mid-July.In addition, citizens affiliated with Trump’s team who were unmasked were not associated with any intelligence about Russia or other foreign intelligence, sources confirmed. The initial unmasking led to other surveillance, which led to other private citizens being wrongly unmasked, sources said."Unmasking is not unprecedented, but unmasking for political purposes ... specifically of Trump transition team members ... is highly suspect and questionable,” an intelligence source told Fox News. “Opposition by some in the intelligence agencies who were very connected to the Obama and Clinton teams was strong. After Trump was elected, they decided they were going to ruin his presidency by picking them off one by one."Nunes first revealed on March 22 in a press conference that the U.S. intelligence community “incidentally collected” information on Trump’s transition team, putting the information and names into various intelligence reports. His committee had been investigating whether Russia interfered in the U.S. election as well as how names of private citizens from these reports were leaked. House Intelligence Ranking Member Adam Schiff, D-Calif., criticized Nunes for his handling of the investigation, claiming he should never have briefed Trump. Nunes apologized the following day, but said he briefed the president because the information he found was not related to Russia.The minority members on the House Intelligence Committee were expected to visit a National Security Agency facility on Friday to view the same reports Nunes has seen, an intelligence source told Fox News.Malia Zimmerman is an award-winning investigative reporter focusing on crime, homeland security, illegal immigration crime, terrorism and political corruption. Follow her on twitter at @MaliaMZimmermanAdam Housley joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in 2001 and currently serves as a Los Angeles-based senior correspondent.








Recently released GDP figures for the second quarter of 2016 invite the question of how the gross domestic product has fared under each of the dozen post-World War II presidents, a period spanning 70 years.  According to figures from the U.S. Commerce Department’s Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), average annual real (inflation-adjusted) GDP growth in the United States since 1946 (through 2015, the last full year for which figures have been released) has been 2.9 percent.  While that has been the postwar norm, however, average annual real GDP growth has varied greatly by president, ranging from a high of 5.3 percent under President Lyndon Johnson to a low of 1.5 percent under President Barack Obama, as the following chart conveys (full size JPG here):Here is the complete list of average annual real GDP growth by postwar president (in descending order):Johnson (1964-68), 5.3%
Kennedy (1961-63), 4.3%
Clinton (1993-2000), 3.9%
Reagan (1981-88), 3.5%
Carter (1977-80), 3.3%
Eisenhower (1953-60), 3.0%
(Post-WWII average: 2.9%)
Nixon (1969-74), 2.8%
Ford (1975-76), 2.6%
G. H. W. Bush (1989-92), 2.3%
G. W. Bush (2001-08), 2.1%
Truman (1946-52), 1.7%
Obama (2009-15), 1.5%(According to the BEA, real GDP growth in 2016 has been 0.8 percent in the first quarter and 1.2 percent in the second quarter.  Those figures, being from an incomplete year, are not included in President Obama’s tally.  If economic growth does not improve over the rest of 2016, however, his overall tally would drop slightly.)Another way to examine economic success under various presidents is to look at whether the economy ever really grew significantly on their watch.  President Harry Truman’s average, for example, is held down dramatically by his having been in office in the immediate aftermath of WWII.  In 1946, the economy severely retracted, with a decline in real GDP that was more than four times as large (-11.6 percent) as in any year since.  Indeed, one could argue that, from an economic perspective, 1946 should be regarded as part of the WWII era—it clearly was influenced by the war—rather than as part of the post-WWII era.  From 1947-onward, average annual real GDP growth in the postwar era (again, through 2015) has been 3.2 percent.But the economy also truly flourished during portions of Truman’s tenure.  In fact, Truman’s best year of economic growth (8.7 percent, in 1950) was better than any other postwar president’s best year.  At the other end of the spectrum, President Obama’s best year of economic growth (2.6 percent, in 2015) has been weaker than any other postwar president’s.  The following chart shows the best year of real GDP growth under each postwar president (full size JPG here):Here is the complete list of the best year of real GDP growth under each postwar president (in descending order):Truman (1950), 8.7%
Reagan (1984), 7.3%
Eisenhower (1955), 7.1%
Johnson (1966), 6.6%
Kennedy (1962), 6.1%
Nixon (1973), 5.6%
Carter ((1978), 5.6%
(Average best year for post-WWII presidents: 5.6%)
Ford (1976), 5.4%
Clinton (1999), 4.7%
G. W. Bush (2004), 3.8%
G. H. W. Bush (1989), 3.7%
(Average for all postwar years: 2.9%)
Obama (2015), 2.6%








It’s official.With Thursday’s final revision of fourth-quarter GDP growth to 2.1 percent from its previous 1.9 percent level, President Obama is the only president since Herbert Hoover to not have guided the US economy to 3 percent growth in any year he was in office.The US economy grew 1.6 percent in 2016 from the previous years, according to the Commerce Department, which tracks GDP.Obama’s best year, as far as growing the economy, was 2015 when it grew 2.6 percent from 2014 — after growing 2.4 percent that year from 2013.The recovering economy — and steady job growth — gave Obama lots of momentum, but the economy sputtered again last year, Commerce reported Thursday.The government attributed the upward revision in fourth quarter GDP to higher than expected consumer spending in the October-December period.But even with the upward revision, the US economy was in no danger of achieving 3 percent or better growth last year.








On Friday, the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) reported that 2015 U.S. real GDP (RGDP) growth was 2.38%.  No matter what revisions are subsequently made, 2015 will have been the tenth year in a row that RGDP growth came in at under 3.0%.  The longest previous such run in U.S. economic history was only four years, and the last time that this happened was during the Great Depression (1930 - 1933).Even worse, and this should be the defining issue of the 2016 elections, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) is now forecasting that America will never see 3.0% economic growth again.  This should be drawing howls of protest, at least from Republicans, but there has been little reaction thus far.From 1790 to 2000, U.S. RGDP growth averaged 3.79%.  America needs at least 3.0% economic growth-the nation cannot defend itself and pay its bills without it.  However, America's elites have largely given up on growth, and are now distracting themselves with academic musings about "secular stagnation."Hillary Clinton is trying to position herself as the logical heir to President Obama's "legacy."  Hillary is asking the voters to give her the job of protecting and continue Obama's "achievements."  In a way, what Hillary is trying to do is odd, but in another way, it isn't.  Here's why. The rate of real economic growth is the single greatest determinate of both America's strength as a nation and the wellbeing of the American people.  And, Obama's record in this area has been truly dismal. Right now, the nation is probably already in a recession.  The BEA's first estimate of 4Q2015 RGDP growth was only 0.69%, and there is mounting evidence that this will later be revised downward.  However, making the wildly optimistic assumption that 2016 RGDP growth will come in at the CBO's current forecast (2.67%), Obama will be the only U.S. president in history that did not deliver a single year of 3.0%+ economic growth.Again, assuming 2.67% RGDP growth for 2016, Obama will leave office having produced an average of 1.55% growth.  This would place his presidency fourth from the bottom of the list of 39*, above only those of Herbert Hoover (-5.65%), Andrew Johnson (-0.70%) and Theodore Roosevelt (1.41%)No matter what happens in 2016, Obama's record on economic growth will be considerably worse than that of the much-maligned George W. Bush.  Bush 43 delivered RGDP growth averaging 2.10%, with two years (2004 and 2005) above 3.0%.By the way, the economic growth superstar among all U.S. presidents was none other than Rutherford B. Hayes (1877 - 1880).  Hayes delivered an average of 7.71% RGDP growth, and none of his four years in office was below 3.0%.So, it seems a bit surprising that Hillary Clinton would be running for president by promising the nation the equivalent of a third Obama term.  However, in another way, it isn't.Hillary is a progressive.  Progressives believe in "progressively" expanding the size, power, and reach of government.  And, Obama has done more to further the progressive cause of anyone since FDR.  So, yes, in that sense, it is completely authentic for Hillary to be promising "more Obama" if she wins.With respect to the economy, both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are offering what amounts to "hospice care."  Their "tax the rich" redistributionist proposals are not intended to restore strong growth.  They are designed to make the middle class more comfortable in the face of economic stagnation.  "Hey, you may be unemployed after you graduate, but at least college was free!"The only way that the voters will elect a Democrat as president in the fall is if the Republicans nominate someone that seems crazy and dangerous, or if they run on budget-cutting "austerity."  If confronted with a choice between hospice care and "surgery without anesthesia," the electorate will opt for the hospice care, and try to survive until the next election.As the implications of the CBO's latest projections sink in, Republican candidates will hear the political Sirens singing songs about the need to "cut entitlements."  If Republicans offer a credible program to restore rapid economic growth, they will win.  If they offer austerity, they will lose-and, they will deserve to lose.*There have been 44 presidents, but only 39 presidencies.  Some terms were shared by two people, as a result of death or resignation. Louis Woodhill (louis@woodhill.com), an engineer and software entrepreneur, and a RealClearMarkets contributor.








On Thursday we closed the book on the Obama economic “miracle” — and it’s a miracle we are not in a recession.Last week the Commerce Department released its third revision for fourth-quarter 2016 gross domestic product. The number came in at a paltry 2.1 percent, meaning that growth during President Obama’s final year in office — the end of an “Error of Hope” — landed with a big thud at just 1.6 percent.That low-water mark puts the Obama presidency in last place among all the post-World War II presidents when it comes to economic growth.There have been 13 post-WWII presidents, beginning with Harry Truman, who had the disadvantage of beginning in the aftermath of war in 1946, during which the economy contracted 11.6 percent — four times the contraction any other negative year since — and even he bested Obama’s economic record!Truman, a moderate Democrat, also posted the two best years of growth on record: 1950 at 8.7 percent and 1951 at 8 percent, and there was no zero percent interest rate to gin up the economy back then.Thirteenth of 13 presidents is no mild distinction. Obama had eight full years to enact a growth policy, while many of his predecessors never had two complete terms. George H.W. Bush and Jimmy Carter had just four years each, Gerald Ford had less than three years and Richard Nixon had five.I’m not the least bit surprised the Obama economy was a failure. I’ve chronicled it for more than seven years in this column.Here are the average growth rates for each president:








“The Obama administration and some economists argue that the recovery since the Great Recession ended in 2009 has been unusually weak because of the recession’s severity and the fact that it was accompanied by a major financial crisis. Yet in a recent study of economic downturns in the U.S. and elsewhere since 1870, economist Tao Jin and I found that historically the opposite has been true,” writes Harvard economist Robert Barro. He adds that “the growth rate of U.S. per capita GDP from 2009 to 2011 should have been around 3%...








Jim Hoft Apr 2nd, 2017 6:56 am Leave a Comment Guest post by Joe HoftJonathon M. Trugman at the New York Post reported this week that the final numbers for the Obama Administration are in and they are abysmal:On Thursday we closed the book on the Obama economic “miracle” — and it’s a miracle we are not in a recession.Last week the Commerce Department released its third revision for fourth-quarter 2016 gross domestic product. The number came in at a paltry 2.1 percent, meaning that growth during President Obama’s final year in office — the end of an “Error of Hope” — landed with a big thud at just 1.6 percent.That low-water mark puts the Obama presidency in last place among all the post-World War II presidents when it comes to economic growth.The rate of real economic growth is the single greatest determinant of both America’s strength as a nation and the well-being of the American people. From 1790 to 2000, U.S. RGDP growth averaged 3.79%. America needs at least 3.0% economic growth-the nation cannot defend itself and pay its bills without it. However, America’s elites have largely given up on growth, and are now distracting themselves with academic musings about “secular stagnation.”By February of 2016 it was clear that Obama had given up on economic growth. Obama’s Congressional Budget Office (CBO) forecasted in early 2016 that America will never see 3.0% economic growth again.As a result of his failed economic policies, Obama now ranks as the fourth worst presidency on record in GDP growth at 1.6%. Only Herbert Hoover (-5.65%), Andrew Johnson (-0.70%) and Theodore Roosevelt (1.41%) currently have lower average annual GDP growth than Barack Obama. In addition, Obama has the lowest annual GDP growth rate of any President since World War II.Barack Obama is the only U.S. president in history who did not deliver a single year of 3.0%+ economic growth.Here are the average growth rates for each president since World War II:Obama’s economic policies failed America and resulted in 95 million without work, the debt at an astronomical $20 Trillion and more Americans on Food Stamps than ever before.  Obama left America in a mess!See the following for additional reasons why Obama was the ‘Worst. President. Ever’:Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s the Most Racist President in 50 Years – Since Democrat LBJ
Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s Failed Stimulus
Worst. President. Ever: Barack Hussein Obama’s Disdain for Christians and Jews
Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s Involvement in Hillary’s Criminal Email Activities
Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s Open Borders and Anti-US Immigration Actions
Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s Contempt of US Military Might
Worst. President. Ever. Will Obama Ever Be Charged in Court for His Many Lies to American People?
WORST. PRESIDENT. EVER: Obama’s Many Lies about the Benghazi Terror Attack
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Historically Low Home Ownership Rates
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama Created ISIS – And Now the Killer Group Is Active in 17 Countries
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Libyan Catastrophe Unleashed Hell on Middle East and Europe
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s $20 Trillion Debt an Unprecedented Disaster
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Actions and Inaction Created the Current Nightmare in Syria
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Signature Bill – Obamacare – Is a Complete Disaster
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama Gave Billions to the World’s Leading Terrorist State Iran
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Food Stamp Nation
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama Ignited Riots in Ferguson Over ‘Hands Up, Don’t Shoot’ Lie
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama Released Taliban 5 for Deserter Bergdahl- Current Whereabouts Unknown
WORST JOBS PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s 94 Million Jobless Americans
Worst President Ever…GDP Growth Shrinks by 0.7% in First Quarter
Alan Dershowitz GOES OFF on Obama: Worst Foreign Policy President Ever
Worst President Ever… Obama’s Legacy – Destruction of US Middle Class
TRUMP HITS OBAMA: His Ignorance Is Why He’s “Worst President in US History”
Voters Rate Obama Worst President in 70 Years
Donald Trump Slams “Make-Believe” Obama “Most Certainly the Worst President in US History” at FL Tea Party Rally
Dick Cheney Slams Obama: Carter no Longer Worst President of Our Lifetime (Video)
MUST SEE VIDEO>>> Chicago Inner City Blacks GO OFF on Obama Over Illegal Immigration “Worst President Ever”
It’s Official – Obama Is Worst President in History on Job Creation; Worse Than Hoover on Job Losses
Rep. Michele Bachmann: Obama Is Worst President Ever… “No Question” (Video)There is even a book on this subject:‘Obama – The Worst President in History!’Filed Under: Uncategorized








A devastated mother joined family and friends at a North Las Vegas vigil Sunday night to mourn the baby boy killed by a bullet before he was a month old.Marcus Thomas Jr.; his mother, LaSharell Pope; his father, Marcus Thomas; and two children, ages 2 and 4; were inside a sedan parked outside a North Las Vegas apartment complex, when a gunman sprayed the car with bullets Saturday night.“He didn’t even get to see Easter,” said the boy’s grandmother, LaShanda Williams.… At about 9:15 p.m. Saturday, a person targeted a parked car with gunfire in front of The Preserve apartment complex, 2655 E. Deer Springs Way, North Las Vegas police said.One bullet hit the baby and one struck 22-year-old Thomas in the gray Chrysler four-door sedan, police said. Pope and two children, ages 2 and 4, were not hurt.Pope tried to drive the two injured passengers to the hospital, but she crashed the Chrysler into a Nissan sedan near Craig Road and North Fifth Street, police said. The three previously uninjured occupants again escaped injury.Gideon Villena, a 21-year-old gas station employee, was taking out the trash at the Shell gas station near the intersection when he heard the woman’s screams.“She kept saying, ‘My baby dead, my baby dead, my baby dead,’” Villena said Sunday.About eight minutes ticked by before authorities responded, he said.Medical personnel took the critically injured infant and his father to University Medical Center’s trauma unit. The baby died, North Las Vegas police said; the elder Thomas is stable.








A devastated mother joined family and friends at a North Las Vegas vigil Sunday night to mourn the baby boy killed by a bullet before he was a month old.Marcus Thomas Jr.; his mother, LaSharell Pope; his father, Marcus Thomas; and two children, ages 2 and 4; were inside a sedan parked outside a North Las Vegas apartment complex, when a gunman sprayed the car with bullets Saturday night.“He didn’t even get to see Easter,” said the boy’s grandmother, LaShanda Williams.Pope briefly took part in the vigil, which drew about 30 people at the intersection of Craig Road and North Fifth Street, for Marcus, who was born March 6. She declined to speak about her son publicly and left the vigil 25 minutes later.Before she left, Pope sat in front of dozens of candles arranged to spell out, “We love you Jr.” Her family and friends held Pope as she wept.Stuffed animals, balloons and a cut-out banner that read, “It’s a boy” decorated the area. Everyone who spoke about Marcus just called him “Junior.”“He was a happy baby for the short time he was here,” said Ava Loftis, a relative of the family. “He didn’t get to do too much because he was only a month old.”At the vigil’s end, everyone sang “Amazing Grace.”Earlier, Williams said she drove in from Los Angeles on Sunday morning to be with her daughter.“I was just down here two weeks ago and spent the weekend with my grandbaby,” Williams said.She said Junior was a joyful baby who always smiled and loved watching television with her. “I just want him laid to rest right,” Williams said.At about 9:15 p.m. Saturday, a person targeted a parked car with gunfire in front of The Preserve apartment complex, 2655 E. Deer Springs Way, North Las Vegas police said.One bullet hit the baby and one struck 22-year-old Thomas in the gray Chrysler four-door sedan, police said. Pope and two children, ages 2 and 4, were not hurt.Pope tried to drive the two injured passengers to the hospital, but she crashed the Chrysler into a Nissan sedan near Craig Road and North Fifth Street, police said. The three previously uninjured occupants again escaped injury.Gideon Villena, a 21-year-old gas station employee, was taking out the trash at the Shell gas station near the intersection when he heard the woman’s screams.“She kept saying, ‘My baby dead, my baby dead, my baby dead,’” Villena said Sunday.About eight minutes ticked by before authorities responded, he said.Medical personnel took the critically injured infant and his father to University Medical Center’s trauma unit. The baby died, North Las Vegas police said; the elder Thomas is stable.Police tape was still wrapped around the traffic light late Sunday afternoon. Burnt police flares remained in the street, and a portion of a headlight cover rested next to fragments of the car’s body on the gravel near the impact site. A small woven basket filled with flowers and a candle was attached to a different pole.Angel Villegas, 19, was in his second-floor apartment at the entrance of The Preserve when he heard several rounds fired. Minutes later, the car crashed.“I was throwing on a sweater when all I heard was a whole clip unload in front of my apartment,” he said.Villegas’ balcony overlooks the area where the shooting occurred. After hesitating, he checked outside to see what was going on. He said a white truck parked nearby had been struck by a round.Police were at the complex until at least 2 a.m., he said.Villegas said the incident wasn’t the first time he’s heard gunshots near his apartment complex.“People usually unload clips at the desert,” he said.Open desert is just across the street from where he lives.The incident does not appear to be a random act of violence, police said.The shooter might have known the vehicle’s occupants, police added.North Las Vegas police have made no arrests in the shooting and need to determine whether the assailant was on foot or driving another car.Anyone with information regarding this case may call the North Las Vegas Police Department at 702-633-9111 or Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.Contact Blake Apgar at bapgar@reviewjournal.com. Follow @blakeapgar on Twitter. Review-Journal writer Rachel Hershkovitz contributed to this story. Contact rhershkovitz@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0381. Follow @rzhershkovitz on Twitter.InformationThe shooting death of infant Marcus Thomas Jr. is the fourth homicide investigated by North Las Vegas Police in 2017. Anyone with information regarding this case may call the North Las Vegas Police Department at 702-633-9111 or Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.








LGBTQ activists will come together this weekend to send a message to the Trump administration with one of the most classically queer forms of resistance: dancing.Organized by queer activist collective WERK for Peace in Washington, D.C., along with 350 DC, Queer Resistance, and the Trans Women of Color Collective, the dance protest is a response to President Donald Trump’s recent executive order rolling back Obama-era climate policies and protections.The dance protest will begin in Dupont Circle and continue to Ivanka Trump’s residence.According to organizers of the event, Ivanka Trump ― who recently took an official job at the White House ― claims to be an ally to the LGBTQ community while working against the interests of queer people.“We can’t let Ivanka trick our communities into supporting and legitimizing her. We will show up to her home because the bad decisions of the Trump administration hit us in our daily lives, in our homes, and the nature we surround ourselves with,” co-organizer Carla Aronsohn told The Huffington Post.Aronsohn also called her out for “green and pink washing our climate and queer family” and asserted, “If Ivanka Trump isn’t gaslighting us, then she should come into the streets and werk it!”WERK for Peace and a number of these other organizations have taken part in similar forms of dance protest in the past several months since the election of Donald Trump.The first act of resistance took place outside of Vice President Mike Pence’s home, followed by another a few weeks later outside of Trump Hotel in Washington, D.C.Keep on werkin, y’all. Share this slide:
We’re spilling the tea on all the queer news that matters to you.
Learn more








The half-baked lies of Susan RiceCNN really is ‘very fake news’The new sheriff at the U.N.Vermont Sen. Bernard Sanders told CNN Thursday that President Trump’s plan to prioritize job creation over climate change regulations is “stupid and dangerous.”The commander in chief signed an “Energy Independence” executive order Tuesday as a means of rolling back former President Barack Obama’s Clean Power Plan. Mr. Trump said his policies will cause “wealth to pour into our communities,” although Mr. Sanders frames it as a recipe for environmental disaster.“[This plan is a] nonsensical, and stupid, and dangerous approach,” Mr. Sanders told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer Thursday. “It’s almost indescribable. Look, the scientific community is virtually unanimous. While Trump and his friends think climate change is a hoax, what the scientists are telling us it is real, it is caused by human activity. It is already causing devastating problems.”The Trump administration argues on the White House website that its actions will prevent $39 billion in electricity hikes, allow 242 million tons of coal to benefit the American economy, and disbands the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases.“I am taking historic steps to lift restrictions on American energy, to reverse government intrusion and to cancel job-killing regulations,” Mr. Trump said Tuesday while surrounded by coal industry executives.Kentucky Coal Association President Tyler White cheered the move soon afterward.“I cannot tell you how many jobs the executive order is going to create, but I can tell you that it provides confidence in this administration’s commitment to the coal industry,” Mr. White told Reuters.Presidents change and lawmakers come and go, but The Washington Times is always here, and FREE online. Please support our efforts.Copyright © 2017 The Washington Times, LLC.  Click here for reprint permission.  Click to Read More  Click to Hide








Mar 30, 2017RUSH: I sat on this story for two days. You know, I’m slapping myself here. What’s her name — Evelyn Farkas, is that her name? Evelyn Farkas. She went on MSNBC. She was in the Obama administration. What this woman did was unwittingly out the entire Obama administration’s surveillance of the Trump transition team, Trump campaign. She went on TV and basically admitted it and explained how she was behind it, how she was involved in it.You might, “Say how did this happen?” It’s not hard to figure this out. Where did she do it? MSNBC. Who’s at MSNBC? Like-minded fellow leftist travelers. She feels at home. She doesn’t have the presence of mind to realize that she’s blowing a whistle on something. She’s just confirming things among friends. Who can blame her for thinking MSNBC has an audience?So she goes out there, and she basically admits everything. She admits that the Obama administration was in fact surveilling. I mean, it is blockbuster. We’ll get on that. I sat on this for two days and I’m slapping myself for it. I have my reasons. I didn’t trust it at first. That’s essentially what it was. You know, this is a powder keg of a story, and I’m sure the long ears and knives are out for anybody who might get anything wrong, so I held off and held off until I could get confirmation of it from somewhere else. Even though I saw her on MSNBC saying it, I still thought it better to wait, and so it’s percolated and it’s broken out there, it’s now everywhere. So we’ll get into it in great detail here.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: One other thing here. We’ll get to Evelyn Farkas, I gotta be really careful pronouncing that name. I have to be very deliberate pronouncing that name. I gotta make sure I don’t get verbal dyslexia or any way tongue-tied pronouncing her last name, Evelyn Farkas. As I say, I sat on that a couple days ’cause I didn’t quite trust the original source. My bad. But the same thing holds: Until I’ve weighed in on it, you don’t really know what it means.But there’s a story out there today, James Comey, the FBI director, wanted to go public with the Trump-Russia collusion investigation details last summer! Summer and late summer he wanted to go public with what they were learning and that there was an investigation between Trump or of Trump and the Russians. And you know who kiboshed it? Barack Hussein O. I think there’s a lot of people covering their rear end and — this is what I say, I’m reaching my limit patience-wise with some of this stuff.Now, this is kind of funny because Comey said he wanted to go public, he was raring and ready to go, and Obama told him no. Obama said, ’cause we don’t need it, James, we’re gonna win anyway. We don’t need it. Hillary’s gonna win, we don’t need this now. We don’t need to gum up the works here. We don’t, we don’t, no, no, no. ‘Cause they thought all summer long they were gonna win and they were gonna win big. They didn’t need all this kind of stuff. So now, Comey, trying to protect his image (paraphrasing), “Hey, I knew all this way back last summer. I was prepared to go public.”What did he go public with? The Hillary investigation. And the way he went public with that? Well, you remember that. The learned analysis of that was that Comey wanted to indict her but that he was frustrated because the Obama DOJ wouldn’t go anywhere near there, so what Comey did was go out and, in his press conference, essentially present the case he had using the public as a jury to affect the outcome of the election.So while Comey was doing great damage to Hillary, we now get a story saying he wanted to go out and do great damage to Trump by revealing what he had learned about Trump’s relationship with the Russians during the campaign, and Obama said no. Some of this doesn’t add up. It just doesn’t add up. Now, the Senate’s getting in on this. And this is one of the greatest media sleights of hand, one of the greatest media distraction stories I’ve ever seen ’cause there’s no “there” there, and yet they are continuing to pursue this.And even as they update the news, the New York Times — this is an interesting point — the New York, remember that January 20th story, where they talked, they had wiretaps and intercepts. This is where Evelyn Farkas comes into the picture. They never refer back to that story. In any update they do, they never refer to that story, and that story used “wiretaps,” the words in the headline, used “intercepts,” it made it clear that they had all kinds of intelligence people leaking to them that there was really something going on here.And yet in every story updated since, they don’t refer back to that story as evidentiary to add to what they’ve all — Why are they ignoring that story? Why don’t they go back and — I mean, you’d be proud of it, right? If that story’s right, that story contains all the goods or enough goods to really cast serious doubt, why wouldn’t you continually refer back to it? But they aren’t.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Let’s move on here to Evelyn Farkas, a former Obama administration official. She has let the cat out of the bag. And if anybody needs to be called to testify, it’s Evelyn Farkas. In case you haven’t heard by now, Ms. Evelyn Farkas — you gotta be real careful on radio pronouncing that name, and I’m just exercising extreme caution here. Evelyn Farkas is an Obama Pentagon Russian expert who told Mika Brzezinski on PMSNBC a couple of days ago that the Regime, the Obama Regime was indeed collecting intelligence on the Trump campaign!And, she said, that they were unmasking the Trump people and leaking that info to the media. And that her only concern was that the administration and the Hill, Capitol Hill, would not be able to protect the sources and methods from the Trump people if the Trump people found out. She admitted all of this! She may have outed herself as the source for all of this that ran on CNN and in the New York Times, and it’s clear why she did it.She is a tunnel visioned ideologue. And she went on MSNBC where she’s surrounded in her mind by like-minded people who have done the same thing had they been her and who are willing and waiting to applaud her for doing it. She forgot that MSNBC has an audience, and who could blame her for that? It’s widely known that MSNBC does not have an audience, so she, for all intents and purposes, thought she was at a bar with some of her friends at, like, 6:30, seven o’clock in the morning and that nobody was listening, and she was talking to a bunch of like-minded fellow travelers.She also said that’s why it was so important for the intelligence to be widely distributed, as it was. She left the Obama administration, left the Pentagon, in September 2015. So let me tell you what that means. Contrary to it meaning that she was out of the loop, it means that this intel collection against the Trump campaign had to be going on from the very earliest days. Remember, Trump’s trip down the escalator was in June of 2015 — or was it July? June 15th, yeah. That trip down the escalator, June of 2015.And Evelyn Farkas said that the intelligence collection, the surveillance against the Trump campaign, since she left in September of 2015, and she knew about it and it had to be going on in the summer of 2015, which in and of itself is quite amazing, it’s earth-shattering, it’s blockbuster, given that scarcely anyone gave Trump a chance of getting the nomination.Remember, this is the period of time, you know, Trump’s June the 16th announcement, that’s where everybody was laughing themselves silly thinking he couldn’t possibly be serious. He’s just come out here and basically called every Mexican a rapist and said he doesn’t respect McCain ’cause he doesn’t like military people that get captured, doesn’t respect, all that. This is back in the day when people thought Trump was gonna implode and crater with every public appearance. And that went on for the two months. They were not taking Trump seriously. That’s what’s amazing about this. They were still surviving the guy and his campaign, according to Evelyn Farkas.Now, Comey told us the Russians only wanted to see Hillary get defeated. That’s another thing. How’s that intel? But last week at that vaunted Capitol Hill hearing for the House Intelligence Committee, Comey admitted, oh, yeah, uh, yeah, the Russians wanted Hillary defeated. So why weren’t the Russians colluding with Jeb? I mean, everybody back then thought Jeb was gonna be the nominee. Is that not true?Why would anybody be colluding with Trump? Nobody thought Trump was gonna win. Probably Trump didn’t think he was gonna win. Although he says he did. But June, July, August 2015, folks, we’re coming up on a year and a half ago now. And at that time everybody thought it was gonna be Jeb. Jeb! With the exclamation point. Everybody thought it was gonna be Jeb. Am I right about that? And there was some attention being paid to Ted Cruz. But not Trump.So why weren’t the Russians trying to engineer some deal with Jeb? Why wasn’t there any intel on that? Why weren’t the Russians trying to strike a deal with Cruz? Why isn’t there any intel on that? Why haven’t there been any leaks about that? ‘Cause nobody in 2015 thought that it was gonna be the Trumpster.Let’s listen to Evelyn Farkas. We have the audio sound bites here from March — yeah, but I don’t know that that’s right. I thought this was much more recent than that. Look, we’ll just say “recently” and then — she was on Squawk Box today. So here’s the first bite. It says March 2nd. It was on MSNBC Morning Joe, and they were discussing allegations that the Obama administration was conducting surveillance of the Trump transition team. This is, again, Evelyn Farkas.FARKAS: I was urging my former colleagues and, frankly speaking, the people on the Hill. It was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people: “Get as much information as you can. Get as much intelligence as you can before President Obama leaves the administration.” Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left.So it would be hidden away in the bureaucracy that the Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about the Trump staff dealing with Russians, that they would try to compromise those the sources and methods. Meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence.So I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open, and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia. So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking.RUSH: She admits it! It was right there! She admitted that they were collecting it, preserving it, and then urging people to get it out. In her words, get it to the Hill, meaning Democrats on the Hill, before the Obama administration left. And we’ve had stories right there in, I guess it was the New York Times, Obama ordered people to preserve all the intelligence being gathered, which has led many people, including moi, to ask, “What do you mean preserve the intelligence being gathered? I thought there wasn’t any intelligence being gathered? I thought Trump was not being surveilled?”But of course he was. We’ve known this from the first story saying whatever it said with the sources being intelligence operatives deep inside the intelligence community. The New York Times with all those stories talking about intercepts and the one on January 20th talking about wiretaps, where were they getting all of this? Somebody had to be leaking it to them and somebody had to be collecting it. And this woman, Evelyn Farkas, just copped to it.You have to ask, “Does she realize what she’s doing?” And clearly, folks, she thought she was with fellow travelers that would be entirely understanding and sympathetic and supportive. She hadn’t the slightest compunction about this.“I was urging my former colleagues and, frankly speaking, the people on the Hill. It was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people: ‘Get as much information as you can. Get as much intelligence as you can before President Obama leaves the administration.’ Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left.“So it would be hidden away in the bureaucracy that the Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about the Trump staff dealing with Russians, that they would try to compromise those the sources and methods. Meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence.“So I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open, and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia. So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking.”This woman needs to be brought up and testify right now. This woman outed herself and who knows whoever else, admitting that they were surveilling, admitting that they were preserving it, admitting they were afraid that if it wasn’t used, that the Trump people would bury it when they were sworn in. So they had to get it out, because the intelligence was very good. She was worried because not enough was coming out.She talked to some of her former colleagues and after that knew that they were also trying to get information on the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking. Do you know that this story, Evelyn Farkas appearance on MSNBC, has yet to be reported on CNN, the New York Times, the Washington Post. It remains an unknown to Americans who only get their news from the Drive-By Media.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: I think we can prove my contention that nobody watches MSNBC because I double-checked here, and Evelyn Farkas did appear on MSNBC on March 2nd or March 3rd. It is March 28th this started going public. So three weeks, nobody, obviously nobody watches MSNBC. If it took three weeks for this statement of hers to go public? I mean, if anybody of any substance watches MSNBC, they would have spotted that the moment they heard it! Heck, the MSNBC people didn’t even realize what they had heard.








Mar 29, 2017RUSH: The blockbuster news today that everybody is ignoring, understandably so, is contained in a headline at a website called Circa. John Solomon, who used to be an AP reporter, who was not your typical AP reporter — I’m going back 10 or 12 years. Then he went to the Washington Times. He’s now formed a website or taken over a website that used to be named Circa. It’s his now, and he writes with a woman named Sara Carter.The headline of this blockbuster story: “Obama’s Rule Changes Opened Door For NSA Intercepts Of Americans To Reach Political Hands.” What this story is about is how Obama changed the rules on incidental wiretapping. In other words, if NSA, CIA are targeting foreign actors, and that surveillance picks up Americans, such as Mike Flynn, Obama changed the rules to share the transcripts of that intel with his political people.Susan Rice, Valerie Jarrett, John Brennan, opening, or I should say expanding the universe of possible leakers to the media about what was going on. So an Obama late rules change, two now, sharing intel with 16 different intel agencies, including foreign governments, and now opening the door for NSA intercepted intelligence of Americans to reach the political operatives in his administration.








High winds on Thursday grounded airline flights, flipped semitrucks, toppled light poles onto cars and knocked out power to thousands of homes and businesses throughout the Las Vegas Valley.The National Weather Service issued a high-wind warning until 10 p.m. and a dust advisory until 11 p.m. in the valley Thursday. Officials with the weather service, Clark County Fire Department and NV Energy warned the public to stay inside Thursday.Some parts of the valley experienced wind gusts between 60 and 70 mph during the peak period Thursday afternoon. At about 2:15 p.m., the valley’s strongest recorded wind gusts clocked in at 84 mph near the 215 Beltway and Desert Inn Road, the weather service said.Gusts on Thursday at McCarran International Airport peaked at 60 mph. Despite strong winds wreaking havoc in and around the valley, “we didn’t come close to the March record gusts,” Guillet said.On March 21, 1984, wind gusts of 82 mph were recorded at McCarran International Airport, she said. The highest gusts ever at the airport were recorded on Aug. 8, 1989, at 90 mph.READ MORE: Winds down power lines, flip semitrucks and ground flights in Las Vegas — PHOTOS








Featured image by The Indy Channel via CNNThe outlet states that the accused is one 24-year-old Khalid Bilal. Reports allege that Bilal – who was apparently a customer at the store – confronted an employee at the store and attempted to convert her.When that didn’t work, he reportedly became upset.One witness states that Bilal proceeded to assault a male worker.“[Bilal] had become very irate and was screaming at one of the employees and then grabbed him by the collar and [started] pushing him and screaming ‘are you scared,'” said the witness.“He was just so full of rage and violence. I [have] never seen anything like that before.”The witness claims that a female worker then approached Bilal and attempted to calm him down.That didn’t go over well as Bilal allegedly beat her and grabbed her by the throat. He was allegedly shouting “Allah Akbar” throughout the incident.A Goodwill store in Indiana (Image via Goodwill)The Indy Channel reports that Bilal was ultimately tased after attacking police and telling them they were going to hell. Once police took him to a hospital, however, he allegedly continued to assault them as they tried to restrain him.He broke one officer’s hand at some point in the scuffle.Bilal is currently facing charges of battery on police, resisting law enforcement, disorderly conduct, battery with injury, intimidation, and strangulation.Sources:
The Indy Channel
WISHTV.com The religion of peace, but you have to convert to it to get the peace.But they even kill each other.Eternal peace.Even then many Muslims kill each other for “not being Muslim enough.”+Soleil Or being the wrong kind of Muslim. Sunnis and Shi’ites kill each other every day over tiny tiny scriptural differences. That’s the sad part there will never be any peace even if they had their global caliphate because Islam teaches that the only way to solve problems is with violence.A peace at any price is a piece f the graveReligion of pieces (head and body).Look out here comes the Truck of Peace. The only way to stop this is to ban all High Capacity Assault Trucks. It’s not the drivers fault it’s the trucks fault! Islam has nothing to do with Islam.Then they just give you pieces of the rocks.He grabbed her by the throat, he should be facing attempted murder.most times, throat grabbing isn’t done with the intention of murder. It’s more often done to silence people.I worked as an engineer in a production facility. One of the engineers in my group was a muslim, and he refused to speak to me. Ever. Even when I had to get information from him about line stoppages. One day he saw me coming towards him and knowing I was going to speak to him, he looked around, grinned at me across the floor, and hurried into the nearby men’s room. So, I followed him.The HR complaint came to my boss the next day. He called us in and asked the guy why he wouldn’t speak to me. The guy said I had no business being there, didn’t belong in a factory and I had no sense of propriety. My boss asked him, “…but, doesn’t your wife work”? The response? “Not in a factory with men. My wife is a good woman!”This was 25 years ago and most men didn’t behave that way. But I’d bet money that guy still does.Grandma, I find myself upvoting excellent posts, discovering it, again and again. I wish you were my grandma! hugsYou are a sweetie! You made my day, thanks!If I knew a guy like that I would be glad that he didn’t talk to me. This goes to show that we need to put a stop to them coming into America it hasn’t been too long that Women in America have come a long way to being treated with respect and dignity. Which I find really interesting that the Democrats and the so called Feminist which they are nothing but a bunch of Phony’s. That they would allow these people to come into our Country with the way they treat their Women, Children and Homosexuals. Even the LGBTQ would want People like that here with the way they treat the Gays and Lesbians. Deport now before it’s too late.Kill it…..Chances he will be convicted of anything: NIL.I’m not so sure about that. this isn’t europeBut he’ll have a good lawyer who pleads both insanity AND religious persecution; and the trial will feature a judge named – oh, I don’t know – Mohammed?hahaha. sheeeit…Muncie has not seen the end of this terrorist.Right? We all know how the final chapter of this story ends I don’t know why we let it keep happening.0 tolerance please, just kill him if he attack the police, dont worry about the libtards crying in twitterIf only the MSM would report incidents like this for ALL to know and see. Maybe their audience wouldn’t be so misinformed or clueless and remain Islam apologists.Coworker used to wash his feet in the sink on lunch break – when i told him to mind his manners he shouted that Allah will punish me and I will burn in hell. Later he kept singing a chant everytime he saw me, laughed at me and shook his head. I complained to my boss but I was told to let him be. Guy was fired few weeks later for something else.A Goodwill Store. What, is charity un-Islamic too? —Ddid the guy break the cops hand by repeatedly hitting him in the hand with his face?I HOPE so! LOL!All throughout the ordeal he still managed to break one officer’s hand and not a single one of them thought to ventilate him?Just kill himGet these oeople out of my country!SHOOT THE MOTHERFUCKER BETWEEN THE FUCKING EYESand miss all the vital spots? what a waste of a bullet+Dion G If I remember correctly from my history channel documentaries I used to watch (back before it was the pawn stars channel) you want to hit them in the fatal T of the brain stem so maybe a bit below the eyes? If you were looking right at them hit them under the nose I’m thinking? In WW2 the Commisars used to execute people with a bullet to the back of the neck right at the base of the skull. I think that’s about halfway down or towards the bottom of this fatal T.Islam promotes an imperial peace. Tyranny will keep us inline.Could followers of this bogus religion be possessed by malignant spirits? There is no other explanation why they are so violent and hate-filled.There doesn’t always have to be a supernatural reason for evil. Human beings are capable of disgusting things under the right circumstances. When you have a religion that tells you that you’re superior to everyone and have the right to do whatever you like to whoever you want, that gives you free reign to be an absolutely uncontrollable monster.+Matt True but this spirit possession type zombie cult behavior the left is exhibiting has been talked about by cultures for millennia all across the globe. Even if it is all in their heads, there is some kind of mass psychosis or something going on.i hope the cop broke his hand on this animals face.DEPORTIslam…Nuke it from orbit, it’s the only way to make sure. A goodwill store has at least 5 employees. What were they doing during this just watching him beat and choke her? And wtf he broke the cops hand?? I sure wish it was back in the day where if you made the police mad you didn’t go to the station, they took you 86. 80 miles out of town and 6 feet under ground.TMB Typical Muslim Behavior, Total savagesHe should have been shot for assaulting the cops. He even managed to break the officer’s hand! Man, why are police so afraid to shoot these savages and deal with them the way they fucking deserve?








Want a free cup of coffee? Starbucks has got you covered.All you have to do is drink it while talking to someone you disagree with. That’s the premise behind the coffee behemoth’s collaboration with Harvard Business School startup ‘Hi from the Other Side,’ which matches up liberals and conservatives to create healthy conversation about American politics. The startup announced the partnership last week.Here’s how it works: Users can sign up for the app via Facebook and are then paired with someone nearby who identifies with the opposing political party. Each user then receives half of the information necessary to unlock a Starbucks gift card. Then, once both participants meet up, they can work together to unlock the gift cards and receive a complimentary cup of java.The startup has been featured by national news outlets, including Mashable and The Washington Post, and it has received high praise from its users. It was founded by Harvard Business School student Henry Tsai.Starbucks has been no stranger to political discourse lately. The company’s CEO, Howard Schultz, sent a memo to employees on the day after the election, admitting he was “stunned” by the election outcome and encouraging Starbucks workers to “take care of each other and the people in our lives.” He also vowed to hire 10,000 refugees in response to President Trump’s executive order barring immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries.








The new film, titled ‘An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth To Power,” apparently takes aim at President Donald Trump for his stance on global warming.The movie’s trailer shows a reel of footage depicting severe weather. Al Gore’s voice warns, “storms get stronger and more destructive. Watch the water splash off the city. This is global warming.”He continues, “despair can be paralyzing. But this, to me, is the most exciting new development. We’re seeing a tremendous amount of positive change. The basis is there. But it’s still not enough.”The trailer also features excerpts of President Trump’s on global warming and also shows Gore studying climate change.According to predictions made by Al Gore in 2006 – when ‘An Inconvenient Truth’ was released – planet earth should have reached “the point of no return” related to global warming last year.Writing for Forbes, however, contributor Robert Bradley Jr. pointed out last year that Al Gore was wrong with that prediction, which led to plenty of overreaction from plenty of fellow activists.Lumping Gore into the category of global warming activists with a “dismal track record” that “seems to lead to only more drama and hyperbole,” Bradley Jr. wrote:Back in 2006, Al Gore prophesied that unless the world dramatically reduced greenhouse gasses, we would hit a “point of no return.”And in his book review of Gore’s book and movie from that year, An Inconvenient Truth, scientist James Hansen unequivocally stated:“We have at most ten years – not ten years to decide upon action, but ten years to alter fundamentally the trajectory of global greenhouse emissions.Time is up on Gore’s “point of no return” and Hansen’s “critical tipping point.”But hte two fathers of the global warming movement have nary admitted their exaggeration nor set a new timetable for effective action.His net worth rose from $1.7 million in 1999 to a whopping $200 million in 2013.And now, liberals appear poised to help Al Gore increase his net worth even more – so he can buy another beach house, perhaps?@ParamountUK #thisisourhome— Estevon Lozano (@_EsteLo_) March 29, 2017@aitruthfilm can’t wait. It’s obvious worldwide and I am watching our beach in FL take house after house & sand being brought in. Ice melt!— Amy Venters (@Amstrix1) March 29, 2017@aitruthfilm This film needs to be leaked now. I need this to screen to my students.— Scott Knoflíček (@sknoflicek) March 29, 2017Sources:
Forbes
Paramount PicturesWhat a wiz Al Gore is. First the internet now movies from our graves.It’s interesting that not one hurricane has made landfall in the USA while considered “major” (Category 3 to 5) since _An Inconvenient Truth_ came out in 2005. Since then, hurricanes have been only Category 1 or 2 at the time of landfall. This is the longest hurricane drought in recorded history, smashing the record set in the Civil War era, when our ability to detect hurricanes was much lower. And yet Gore’s film had predicted a devastating escalation of such.“Watch the water splash off the city..” HUH?CEREALLY!!! Cool…a new movie by ManBearPig!!!! Can’t wait until South Park takes a shot at this!!! Stay tuned….Here’s an inconvenient truth… How did a VP making a little over $200,000 dollars per year some how become worth over 200 Million dollars? This snake oil sales-man and professional fear mongerer is taking PT Barnum’s famous quote to the next level – “There’s a sucker born every minute.”Al Gore made money so all scientists are frauds. —DSo you have to take it out on strawmen?Forgive me, who are the straw-men again?No, he made 200,000,000.00 by saling his network to bil oil AFTER claimg the world was coming to an end BECAUSE of “big oil”. That makes him a fraud.So, you believe he’s a liar, a hypocrite & a fraud (& a Democrat).So… all scientists are frauds? Just because an idiot says 2+2=4, doesn’t make it less so.You warmists tell us we can’t comment because we’re not ​scientists. Yet you allow nonscientists like Gore to spout lies. No – but the only scientists you pay attention to, are the one’s being paid with the same money. It’s a money game, that’s the point. And you’re the gullible koolaid drinker paying their salary. – Of course there are man made environmental hazards – but they’re not as dire as these money grubbing fear mongers would have you believe.Aliens.Selling his bankrupt TV franchise and organization to Saudi family. A payoff to layoff. Worked too. .ManBearPig returns….Send grandpa to the old folk’s home, there he can ramble about ‘global warming’ and the nurse will be there instantly with his meds.Wait… I know I’ve had a couple drinks but does this say “former president Al Gore”? I mean, he was vice, right? Under Clinton? But not top dog. Thank you Jesus. Anyway. My two cents. Otherwise, great article! Also, you have “hte” in place of “the” in the fourth to the last line. And I’m more than tipsy. In fact, most of the time I don’t comment on typos, that’s how tipsy I am. Need an editor? I’m totally up for hire.(Don’t bother applying for a job if you’ve got a science degree. Thinking makes his brain hurt.)Ha! It was a joke. I don’t want an editing job. Unless they offer something like $85/hr. But it is a pet peeve. Though I know I’m as victim to it as the next guy. We all make mistakes.What would you know about science? You are too subscribed to the religion of Climetology, it’s Scientology reborn!Scientology is a religion. Move over God, Thus spake the IRS.Are you stupid or something? he didn’t say it wasn’t a religion. He said climatology is a religion, ie you need to have faith in something you can’t prove. People are getting dumber each and every day…Now, if you take a look at your calendar, you’ll see it’s currently 2017. Ya, so what. Point of no return means just that and only that. The effects of climate change won’t all happen on the weekend when you’re cutting your fricken lawn, genius. Yet again, conservatives prove they are science dumb. It’s clear somebody around here didn’t get a STEM education. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3517f79daedf5ba000b2ae7516f59f7ee79da9dbc503173b4c3637f459f5b940.jpg Who looks at this picture and thinks, we need more of that? (David)Doesn’t point of no return mean it can’t be stopped? Why should we try to stop something when it’s going to happen no matter what we do? You’re so busy insulting people you forgot to think. Or are you just being obtuse?To lessen the degree of damage. Like reducing the speed of your car, even though you know it’s gonna crash. –DThat’s a false equivalence. The “point of no return” meant that after 2015, if changes were not made, nothing could be done and the catastrophic environmental changes depicted in the film would likely to take place.
Your car crash scenario is analogous to 2006 when the film was released, while there was still time to avert or reduce the damage of the impending event, according to it’s producers.
Vice President Gore reputation was significantly damaged in recent years from sex scandals, campaign funds diversion, and the dichotomy of his very public concern for the environment and his private behavior, evidenced by a yearly consumption rate of 221,000 kilowatt hours at his home in TN in 2006 (the same year as the film was released). The average usage in the US is about 11,000 per year. None of the dire predictions in “An Inconvenient Truth” have come to pass and the debate on Climate change rages on, much like it did back in 2006 and in 1996. The celebrated climate models have not been helpful, except to show the climate is much more complex than climate scientists thought.
Dr. Michael Mann’s “Hockey Stick”, first featured in the film, nearly got Dr. Mann censored and removed from Penn State; the finding was that he didn’t deliberately create a misleading function, he was just incompetent.
The point is that 2015 wasn’t the “point of no return” and VP Gore has a history of corruption, infidelity, and lying. His scientific sources have proven to be extremists, generally far outside mainstream scientific thought and generally wrong on most topics. Given his record, do you really think VP Gore should be selling a film subtitled “Truth to Power?”Acidification of the Oceans, melting snow packs, Arctic methane release, Urban smog, depletion of the world fish stocks, etc. may have a common cause but not necessarily the same solution.It may well be the point of no return for coral reefs. A singular event which shares a common cause, may have dozens of independent viable solutions. —DI voted you up for the pun…. math jokes always make me smile.
The salient point remains, if we’re past the point of no return, why release a sequel? If that is truly the scenario (and I think it’s just dingo’s kidneys), then we ought to stop worrying about the science of climate change and start worrying about how to survive it’s effects. I thought we established Gore shouldn’t be selling science movies? And he is guilty as sin.As I said upstairs somewhere, just because an idiot says 2+2=4, doesn’t mean he’s wrong. Much like a clock, republicans can be correct as much as twice a day. (Ha Ha) Dave.Agreed. He may (or may not) be wrong. The fact that he was awarded the Nobel Peace prize (along with the IPCC) for climate change *is*. When a journalist is wrong, we stop pay attention to them (i.e. Dan Rather, Jayson Blair, Michael Finkle, Jack Kelley). We don’t give the Pulitzer prize (in many case, we take it away from them). We certainly don’t give them another chance.
If one is serious about climate change, I’d think one would want someone else other than Al Gore publicly leading the charge. The fact that his recent film (a mostly disproven premise) was a success at Cannes suggests otherwise.1) No Gore should not be selling etc.
2) Cuz one scientist is wrong, means what exactly? Gore can’t trust any scientist in the future? (By the way, he is not even qualified to certify most of his own material.)
3) As to Gore’s moral failings, there but for the grace of god.
4) Agreed, the climate is much more complex than climate scientists thoughtZen, the fun of having warmist debunkers, is that , at heart, they are NOT scientists, but secular religionists. Settled Science is a fancy word for Dogma, and Apocalyptic Visions bring in the grant money, but never seem to materialize.I have survived more of their Apocalypses than the characters on “Buffy the Vampire Slayer”. At the end of the day, these “scientists” operate off a fake model of climate that refuses to include variations in sun activity and volcanic activity, and posits a static universe that does not exist. They also obtusely ignore cyclic behavior of the earth. If we bring these things up, they play the “Appeal to authority” card, and talk about how climate authorities are scientists and we are not, neener, neener.lol, you’re a dumbass. I have a STEM education and don’t believe in the lies they tried to shove down my throat throughout school. There is not a single piece of evidence that says global warming is anthropomorphic. For all we know, it’s a natural cycle of warming and cooling. Actually, there’s a lot of evidence that solar activity and volcanic eruptions have more impact than humans do on the climate, but please, tell me again how you know for sure the world is gonna end unless we do something now about a problem that is still measuring changed in ocean levels in millimeters. If it was really a problem, you’d be measuring it in meters, dumbass.Look a glacier retreat. That’s measured in millimeters? Look at the retreat of muti-year ice, that’s measured in millimeters? etc etcOK, I’m a dumbass. How do measure that by the way?Scary that the last tweet is a teacher who wants to show it to students, the first movie had so many mistakes in it, that students in the U.K. Got notes contradicting its falls claims and political indoctrination From the looks of it, Al Gore ate the whole cash cow… $200 million made off of a singular scare tactic, yowza.Al Gore ain’t no scientist.(And why not profit from disseminating real news? I thought we were all about making a profit in here. He sells videos just like Hollywood; get over it.)Fox News makes a profit, don’t they? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6967045fe5d63bb9409e0463f7972015a4cf1171b6f8ebdcc298e261c8b7c225.jpg
God I miss him.
.Only a collectivist would make excuses for making a profit on the basis of deception.So God believers & God peddlers are collectivists?
Agreed.Yes.Climate scientists are like economists. None of them have a clue how the topic of their profession works.They predicted the accelerated melting of glaciers in the Rocky Mountains & the Himalayas. They predicted a more acidic ocean. They drill ice cores to study the climate of the past million years.What have you done to negate their conclusions? Oh, right that would take work. (David)
.
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/641a918a388ab3ee34b4c4db5bc7e9b42d4b48f9426a7256233fbadf4b2fc4aa.jpgI’m assuming you can read a graph with pretty colours.so, because the ocean is getting more acidic, global warming is man-made, brilliant you are.Sadly, that’s true for probably 80-90% of all cases.Well, all I’ve got to say is… https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d44293a16a10f2977acd083b878485538f8cd1afa1bb87470ec09b22f01a3778.jpgWho said science was easy?
.Science is hard….comedy is harder, but this retrospective achieves it. Science cannot by definition be settled, but it sure can be worked like a ten dollar hooker to get PAIIIDDDD.There’s a misspelled word in the block quote provided.If we just give all our money and freedom to Democrats we won’t die…again.Well, I’m sure that after some “adjustments” we’ll find out that the world really did end because of global warming last year. At least according to the models.Also, nice to see how he fights global warming by flying around on a private jet and maintaining huge power-hogging mansions. Shows commitment, just like DiCaprio.There is no proof that “global warming” is anthropomorphic, not one single piece of proof.








Rebel Media reporter David Menzies says he attended a meeting hosted by a parental advocacy group concerned about the school’s decision.At that meeting, Menzies met a mother who immigrated to Canada “so she and her family could enjoy” freedoms, only to those freedoms trampled upon.“Last week when I was having a chat with one of the fellow parents in my community, she mentioned to me that their daughter’s class was stopped outside the computer lab,” she said.“They couldn’t get to the computer lab. The reason was that prayer was going on inside the computer lab and they had to wait for a half hour.”The woman went on to claim that her own daughter is being discriminated against because she doesn’t “dress up” like Muslim students.Disturbingly, the woman also claimed that her daughter approached her last month and asked, “mom, why do you pray to God when God doesn’t love you?”When pressed for an explanation, the woman’s daughter reportedly stated, “well, God loves only Muslims” and cited a friend whose mother had communicated that message.The woman goes on to ask if this behavior is “in accordance with Canadian values” or if “we are just turning a blind eye to Islamification of our Canadian values.”@ezralevant Now we have newer canadians scared and regretting they even came here. It’s actually quite sad— Paul Latour (@PaulGLatour) March 29, 2017@ezralevant @Cernovich Wouldn’t it just be easier to say “Canada is under Sharia Law”?— David (@SantaCarlaDavid) March 29, 2017@ezralevant @BalanceOptimum @YouTube So now we’re turning a learning room into a prayer room?Coming next will be class time/reading Koran.— Lisa (@Coffeecake403) March 29, 2017According to the CBC – Canada’s public broadcaster – “a vocal group” has been attending the school board meetings “specifically to make it known they are against Muslim prayer in schools.”At last week’s meeting, chaos erupted as protesters got heated. One man apparently ripped the Quran and threw pages across the room.In response, the school district’s school board chair said they will not be taking questions related to religious accommodations at future meetings.Sources:
CBC
Rebel MediaJust read about this in our taxpayer funded CBC that should be renamed The Islamic Rag.I live in Peel. I can vouch that Toronto has bent over and pulls down its pants for Islam smiling. We are SICK of it. My son’s school did not even have a Christmas pageant!!! It was Black history month and Islam or Hindu there. It’s CRAP.. He was one of 5 white kids in the ENTIRE SCHOOL. He was picked on non stop for being white and believing in SANTA!!!! He was 8!!!! Having to deal with their entitled racist crap!!!
We moved to a different area, at least our kids aren’t beat up by Christian hating Muslim kids anymore, we put them in catholic school. I go to Toronto infrequently- the last time I was there was for Pride, and I while I was in line at a Tim’s I look behind me and there’s this group of 3 or 4 muslim men with the hats and the robes and everything just giving me the most bone-chilling death glare you can imagine. The way they were looking at me left no doubt in my mind what they would be doing to me, a skinny gay guy with a rainbow t-shirt, had we not all been in a busy public place. The thought that we are going to be importing more and more of these people on Trudeau’s watch makes me honestly frightened. Naturally, I can’t talk about this with anyone because they will call me a racist.Be safe. I know it sucks, but you need to watch how you dress and how you come across.This is now your reality, and you have to be careful. Thanks,little Trudeau, see what you’ve done to your own citizens?I appreciate your concern, but I would actually rather be dead than to cater to this sort of Islamo-fascism. I refuse to give one inch to these thugs, and I will not change how I dress or how I act to just appease some Islamist scumbag. This is the attitude we need to have towards totalitarians if we actually want to beat them.I salute your courage, but the way to win is to be there to fight against it. That means don’t stick out, because to a hammer, everything looks like a nail!A very grandmotherly argument, if I may say so 🙂I keep TRYING to take care of all my babies…live to fit another day.Discretion is the best part of valor!So sad. I’m sorry you and your child had to endure that. It must have been terrifying for him. I’m lucky I live in an all white little county in western VA. Not a black, Muslim or any minority in sight. No crime hardly at all. Move to Craig County VA and we will protect you and your family. With Bonds to the old South, Sincerely J.C. StegerJiggs McDonald, NHL Hall of Fame broadcaster speaking in Ontario, says: “I am truly perplexed that so many of my friends are against another mosque being built in Toronto. I think it should be the goal of
every Canadian to be tolerant regardless of their religious beliefs. Thus the mosque should be allowed, in an effort to promote tolerance.“That is why I also propose that two nightclubs be opened next door to the mosque; thereby promoting tolerance from within the mosque. We could call one of the clubs, which would be gay, “The Turban Cowboy,” and the other, a topless bar, would be called “You Mecca Me Hot. “Next door should be a butcher shop that specializes in pork, and adjacent to that an open-pit barbecue pork restaurant, called “Iraq of Ribs.“Across the street there could be a lingerie store called “Victoria Keeps Nothing Secret,” with sexy mannequins in the window modelling the goods,” and on the other side a liquor store called ‘Morehammered.’“All of this would encourage Muslims to demonstrate the tolerance they demand of us.”LOL this is hilarious.I almost peed myself I laughed so hard when I first read it!God that would be fantastic, but would probably never be allowed. Plus all the liquor stores here are owned by the government.We Canadians quite often get “1st-Amendment envy” up here…Well, the 1st hasn’t been very effective these last 8 years. But between President Trump and Milo, darling, I’m pretty hopeful these days!Appease, appease, only to be killed by the ones you tried to please….Islam…Nuke it from irbit, it’s the only way to be sure. It wouldnt be so bad if they would be modest and keep to themselves… but they go and harrass non-muslims and cause disruption.What do you expect frim third world scum thats all those so called refugees are. Nothing but scum. Bringing scum in to put on welfarelets be thankful the woman complaining is a minority. we all know if it was a white parent they would be demonized for having an opinion that doesn’t deify muslims.Sounds like Canada hasn’t been watching what’s going on in Europe. Time to abandon public schools in Canada, eh?Fuck that. Barge right in there and start a loud and annoying protest against Moslem “moderates”.Take your kids out of the school.PUBLIC schools in Canada are NOT permitted to have ANY religion in them. How do Muslims get off demanding rights the rest of us don’t have? If they don’t want to ‘fit-in”…then they can fuck off back to the third-world hell-holes from whence they came.
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2b2f158cbec71f8ec8c1623294365964bbf700b926b0d9b437d2cf0be1794116.jpgThere was a time when Christians stopped 5 times a day to pray. Maybe they should start doing this again, and demand chapels and bells for our call to prayer.“In response, the school district’s school board chair said they will not be taking questions related to religious accommodations at future meetings.”In other words. “Fuck you. We’ve got our own agenda and we don’t give a damn what you think”So Canadian authorities are as terrified of terrorists as US authorities are? Was this an end goal of leftists turning what used to be brave men into gutless, spineless walking corpses? Save us, Milo. Canada is being taken over.Next school board meeting, I’d bring “halal” bacon for everyone 😉








Apr 6, 2017RUSH: Dave, Fort Wayne, Indiana. You’re next, and welcome. Great to have you here.CALLER: Hi, Rush. Thank you for taking my call. It took 7,312 dials and one new battery, but I got through.RUSH: I’m glad you did. Thank you very much.CALLER: (chuckles) Yes. I actually wanted to mention a couple things. But you hit the nail on the head, I think, yesterday when you mentioned the Democrats, the authoritarians, as a legitimate hate group. But your analogy also was radical Islam. I just thought that was so accurate of an interpretation of how they think and where they go. I think they’ll go to the point of beheading (chuckling), the way they play their games. It’s amazed me since the Bush administration. The Republicans seem like they’ve never learned. This is bare knuckle, and they always leave their gloves on, and it’s just amazing they do that.RUSH: Well, you know, that’s the thing. The point that I was making yesterday, if you didn’t hear it — and you heard Dave here say that my comparison to Islam and the Democrats is right on — you probably need me to explain that to you. It was Sharia Islam that I was comparing the Democrats too. It’s all rooted in the fact that the Democrat Party… The left. Forget Democrat Party. The left, the leftists, communist, socialists, whatever. The Democrats are just a faction of it, and they no longer respect the authority of the Constitution.The only authority that they respect is their power, and therefore there is no such thing as bipartisanship with them. And this is the mistake that I hear Republicans continuing to make even now on campaign trails. You will hear… Like Thom Tillis, senator from North Carolina, Republican, to this day campaigns on the notion that we need to be able to reach across the aisle and to reach compromise, and show that we can govern together. And that’s not who they are. They don’t want compromise! They don’t respect us. We are not legitimate.We are enemies.We are as big an enemy as any other enemy they have.Their objective is total rule over the United States, not sharing power one election to the next. They do not respect the authority of elections. You ever wonder why they…? I’ve had people say, “Rush, why don’t they realize they’ve lost? I mean, they didn’t win. The Republicans did.” That’s a great question to use as an illustration. They don’t accept that they lost. They’re never gonna behave as though they lost, because they don’t respect the authority of the Constitution. The Constitution is what every elected official swears an oath to. The reason for that is the Constitution is the glue.Have you ever…? Folks, think of it this way. We have this massively unique, greatest country ever. However you wish to categorize it — in economic wealth, in standard of living, in military power, in superpower status in the world — there isn’t a country that has ever been like we are. There isn’t a country that’s ever even been close! There isn’t a country now that is close. We are the first country in the history of the world to enshrine in our founding the principle that people of the country are free by virtue of their creation, and their rights come from God, not from other men or governments.And we are the first and the only country founded and created, enshrined with the values that it is the people who run this country. And elections are the mechanism by which we choose the people who will lead it. And what holds this together? All it is is a piece of paper. It’s a series, however many pieces of paper the Constitution is. That’s it. Throughout our nearly 250 years, we have had a majority of our population accept and agree and obey the notion that the Constitution is the defining authority of our country, that it is the glue that holds us together as a culture, as a society.It’s rather stunning to me that it’s lasted this long, because the only way it can work is if a majority of the people in this country — including the people elected — honor it. What is the penalty for not honoring it? Well, we’re seeing right now there isn’t one. In the Civil War, if you didn’t honor it, Abe Lincoln came after you and wiped the floor with you until you agreed to stop the secession and rejoin the Union. What penalty is there today for spitting on it, for ignoring it? There isn’t any! I don’t quite know how to express this.It’s amazing to me that we do not require a national military or police force to keep people in line. It has been nothing but the sworn fealty to that document, the cherished belief in that cherished document of how great it is. Well, where we are right now the Democrat Party, the American left is demonstrating it doesn’t believe any such thing. It doesn’t want to have to respect the authority of that document, and it’s in the process of demonstrating that they don’t. Elections don’t mean diddly-squat to them. Public opinion doesn’t mean diddly-squat to them.The only thing that matters to them is their authority. Anybody challenging their authority? There’s no negotiation. There’s no debate. There’s no attempt to persuade. All there is is an effort to destroy anybody who rejects their authority. When their leader happens to win the election, there is total respect for that leader’s authority. When they don’t win the election, the only thing they’re devoted to is destroying the leader with whom they disagree. There’s no effort to work together. There’s no compromise. There’s no bipartisanship.All of that is a giant myth. My analogy was there’s something else like that on the planet today, and it’s called Sharia Islam. If you don’t accept the principle of Sharia Islam, you know what can happen to you, and there’s no compromise. In this analogy the GOP, you and me? We’re the infidels, and the Democrats are the Sharia Islam believers. They’re not interested in what we think, just like Sharia Islam doesn’t care what you think of various aspects of Sharia. If you don’t respect it, you are gonna be dealt with one way or the other.But your ideas and your heart and your mind don’t matter one hell of a bit, and that’s where we are. And you see it every day here in the way the Democrat Party and the media and the left is conducting itself. What is their number one objective today? To get rid of the people who won the election, because they do not respect or even acknowledge… It’s not even a matter of respect. They don’t even acknowledge the authority that the Constitution vests in the winners of elections. Now, I know politics has always been a battle for power, but this is my point.For all of the years of this great country, whatever opposing political factions we’ve had, at the end of the day there has been an acknowledgment that there’s something greater than either of our movements, and it’s the Constitution. There’s no giant gun enforcing it. There’s no giant military making people obey it. Some might say that what we are in the midst of is a movement committing treason against this Constitution. What is the way treason is dealt with in the Constitution? Well, whatever it is is not being used against the left. And, folks, when you stop and think about it (I’ve tried to express it as cleanly as I can), it’s inarguable.There’s no bipartisanship.There’s no understanding.There’s no compromise.It’s simply a lack of respect and acknowledgment of the authority that the Constitution vests in the way our politics is handled in this country.








Apr 6, 2017RUSH: Okay, for those of you curious, Dustin Johnson has withdrawn from the Masters. He fell down the steps in his rental home in Augusta and did some bad damage to his lower back yesterday. He tried to play today. He showed up on the range, showed up at the first tee, tried to play, and couldn’t make it. So he walked off the first tee and has withdrawn, and that’s the only spoiler alert that I’m gonna provide you.A lot of double bogeys today. The wind at Augusta is off the charts, and it’s chilly, like 60 degrees.








Apr 6, 2017RUSH: There’s a fact-check outfit out there called PolitiFact, and it’s like all the other fact-check outfits. The Washington Post has one; the AP has one. These fact-check outfits exist only to discredit and impugn Trump. Well, the PolitiFact has had to retract a story they categorized as “mostly true” three years ago, and this story is big. Three years ago, Barack Obama and his Regime were an abject disaster. But they were claiming success after success after success, particularly in the Middle East.One of the things that the Obama administration was celebrating was that they had completely removed chemical weapons from Syria. Obama drew that red line and the Syrians and everybody else realized the bad actor they were dealing with, and they cowered in fear, and they did remove 100% of their chemical weapons. There’s a problem now, though. Those chemical weapons were just used in an attack in Syria on Syrian citizens. So how could the Obama administration have gotten rid of all of these? The Obama… You know what the claim was? They claimed they gave all of that chemical weapons stock to the Russians.Oh, yeah! Yeah, folks! The Obama administration — now the dire enemy of the Russians, victimized by the Russians — gave the chemical weapon stocks in Syria to the Russians. Which means the Russians probably gave it right back to the Syrians. But the PolitiFact story retracts a 2014 article that said it was “mostly true” that the Obama administration “helped broker a deal that successfully removed 100% of chemical weapons from Syria.” So a story that was a lie backed up by PolitiFact for three years has been retracted, and the upshot is the Obama administration did not succeed in successfully removing all of Syria’s chemical weapons, as we now know because those weapons were used recently.So it’s just another example of the media touting and promoting greatness on the part of Obama, especially in comparison to Bush. I mean, the way they did this story was Bush lied about weapons of mass destruction. We went to war and people died! But Obama? He’s smarter than Bush. He’s smart! He’s so smart. He’s so erudite. He’s so our good guy, and he told the Syrians what-for, and he told the Russians what are-for. And the Syrians were so scared of our guy that they got rid of their chemical weapons of mass destruction, where Saddam Hussein just laughed in Bush’s face.That’s the way they portrayed all this, and for three years the media and “fact-checkers” allowed that phony baloney, plastic banana, good-time rock ‘n’ roller portrayal of Obama’s prowess in foreign policy to stand. Now we know it was all BS and the PolitiFact, because of this attack, had to retract their fact check that they said “mostly true.” Now, there’s another aspect to this. There are red flags. A lot of people have red flags about the way President Trump is reacting to this.There are people who think that this attack in Syria using chemical weapons on Syrian citizens is a setup designed to draw President Trump into military action in Syria, just as Bush was drawn into action in Iraq. Now people are beginning to think that the intelligence agencies from all over Western democracies — ours, the CIA, MI6 in the U.K., practically every allied intel agency — agreed with the CIA and everybody else that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction. You’ll remember the presentation Colin Powell gave, complete with satellite photos and all of that at the U.N.Bush ran around the country for a year and a half selling the country on the idea that after 9/11, we had to root out any enemy like this that had these kind of weapons and were threatening to use them on Americans. That was the justification for the war in Iraq. So we get there, and, supposedly, there weren’t any found. Now, I’m not… I don’t totally believe that. I think Saddam did have WMDs and found a way to hide them, get rid of them. Maybe they went to Syria. But the upshot is that there are people now thinking that these intelligence people…There were many Clinton holdovers just like there are now Obama holdovers, and that many people ran a scam on Bush. They knew that there were not mass quantities of weapons of mass destruction, and they let Bush go in there on purpose to embarrass himself. And there are people who think, “Look, that happened once, it can happen again. Mr. President,” they’re saying to Trump, “please being very careful before you make a move on Syria, ’cause you could be in the process of being entrapped again, just like Bush was.”BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Okay. So the Democrats and Obama were bragging about getting rid of all the nuclear weapons out of Syria, then that attack happens yesterday. The U.K. Daily Mail, Peter Hitchens. Mr. Trump, “It’s WMD All Over Again. Why Don’t You See it?” And he reminds President Trump of a tweet on June 15th of 2013. Donald Trump tweeted, “”We should stay the hell out of Syria, the “rebels” are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO.” (sic)People are thinking the president needs to remember these tweets, and he was right back then. We’ve got no business getting involved in Syria. It might be a rehash of Iraq. Mr. President, remember your original tweets. There’s even another tweet. That first tweet was June 15th. There was another tweet from Trump on September 5th in 2015. And it reads this way: “AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA – IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!” (sic)There are people who remember Trump tweeted these things and said similar things during the campaign. But now that he’s president — now that we’ve seen the pictures of the gas attacks on these women, children, average citizens — Trump said, “It’s on me now. We can’t tolerate this. We can’t put up with this, the frenzy over the…” By the way, all we have is the pictures. Some people think we don’t even know they actually did it.“Today’s frenzy over alleged use of poison gas in Syria is the 2017 version of Anthony Blair’s WMD in Iraq.” This is the U.K. Daily Mail, Tony Blair, the British media think got sucked into a trick. There weren’t weapons of mass destruction and he was lied to and he bought the lie, and so people are afraid. People who support Trump are afraid that he may be falling prey to the same kind of trick, and they’re reminding him of his previous tweets.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: All right. Let me break this down for you, making the complex understandable. The Democrats want you to believe that Trump’s in bed with Putin, right? The Democrats want you to believe that Putin helped Trump win the election by somehow screwing Hillary and the whole Democrat effort. They colluded. They don’t have any evidence for it, but they’re convinced it happened, right? So Trump and Putin are buddy-buddy. Trump doesn’t ever criticize Putin.What in the world, then, would Trump be talking about going into Syria for? Because that’s a Russian ally. And if Trump is even talking about attacking Syria, then he can’t possibly be Putin’s best friend. And that’s according to the Drive-Bys and the rest of the Democrats. I mean, Trump attacking Syria undercuts the entire narrative that Trump and Putin are buddies








Apr 6, 2017RUSH: Folks, I’m gonna tell you something. I was chatting with a friend last night. I think that there is a very simple — and I alluded to it yesterday. I think there’s a very simple explanation for a lot of this coverage, and it is that Trump is kicking butt. We just had the jobs report came out. It’s being buried today by this other news. But there are more substantive, real, wage-paying jobs in manufacturing and mining and other things. It’s the greatest jobs report for this category in years, and it’s way above everybody’s expectations.The economy’s chugging along. One poll has Trump’s approval number back up to 46 from the thirties. I went through the list of things earlier this week; all of the Obama administration regulations and executive orders that he implemented that are being unraveled and unwound. I think the mistake people make… I was talking to another friend of mine who’s been really down, the guy I told you is constantly complaining because tax cuts aren’t happening, and he’s thinking Trump sold out.I said, “You realize you’re making a critical mistake here in the way you’re looking at this? You are associating Trump with the Republican Party, and that’s the mistake you’re making. The Republican may be not doing things. They may not getting health care done. They may be dragging their feet on tax cuts. But don’t lay that off on Trump. You have to separate Trump from the Republican Party.” “But Rush, you can’t! He ran as a Republican and he’s working with them.” I understand that.But the things that Trump can do on his own that he is doing are numerous and they are substantive, and he is seriously unwinding and unraveling much of what Obama implemented. And he’s done a tremendous amount. I think Trump is having a phenomenal record or level of achievement here. You’re just not seeing it reported on. That one little AP story that listed some of these things had to be one of the hardest things for them to write. I know it may be difficult to separate Trump from the Republicans. But I’m telling you: The Republicans can have a bad day when Trump’s having a good one.The Republicans can have a bad week when Trump is having a good one. And, my friend said, “You know what? You’re right! I was making that mistake. When the Republicans don’t do tax cuts, I’m saying, ‘Trump’s a failure.'” It’s too early to say that. The things Trump can do… Look at the end run. He’s had two extra-legal rulings on his travel ban, preventing them. So he’s found ways around this that are even more effective in vetting bad actors than the travel bans would have been. So he’s finding a way around all of the obstacles the Democrats are putting up, of things he can control.Now, Trump cannot mandate tax law. But of the things Obama implemented via executive order, Trump can strip ’em away and do away with ’em, and he’s doing it. Like at the EPA and any number of other places. His budget — considered to be “dead on arrival” in Washington — is nevertheless a blueprint of what he’s thinking of doing. And I think there’s also this factor, that we haven’t seen in our lifetimes a president under this kind of assault all day, every day, 24/7. We haven’t seen it, and it does not appear to be souring Trump or altering his daily approach to his job at all.He’s still fighting back at ’em, tweeting back at them.He is still moving forward with the things in his agenda that he can do. I think the longer this goes on and the more meaningful progress Trump has — which is being covered up and masked by all these other distractions in the news. As they keep happening, these are real things that are continuing to happen. These are real things, real items, real events that are ending up unraveling and weakening things Democrats believe in. You couple that with them losing elections, and what we’re left with is the different narrative every day than Trump’s losing it, that Trump’s administration’s falling apart, that the Democrats are carrying the day.It’s all… That’s all BS. Now, I know that it’s believed by people who see it. I’ve not got my head in the sand on this, don’t misunderstand. I’m not saying that stuff’s not a problem. But I think, on balance, Trump is having a phenomenally successful first 100 days here. I’m just telling you, if Trump were a Democrat and what he was doing was a Democrat agenda, it’s all you’d be seeing. They would have killed if Obama had had this much success early on in unraveling conservatism and implementing his liberalism and in retransforming the country.Remember, even now you’ll find Democrats who think Obama didn’t get enough done, didn’t take enough advantage of the early opportunities he had when he had both the House and Senate, in vast, vast majorities. Now, I know what I’ve said is arguable, and if you want to argue with me about it, feel free. But I think it’s worth taking a look at some of the positive aspects of things that are happening here. Because they are happening. (interruption) Yeah, I know.“If a tree falls in the forest and nobody’s there, does it make any noise?” If all these great things are happening and it’s not being reported, does anybody know? Maybe not, but in the real world, they’re still happening. And that means something. Remember, I’m the mayor of Realville. So I know what goes on there, and I know how important it is.








Apr 6, 2017RUSH: The Daily Beast has a story. I’ll just read the headline here: “Steve Bannon Calls Jared Kushner a ‘Cuck’ and ‘Globalist’ Behind His Back — Donald Trump’s two closest aides are fighting ‘nonstop’ and often ‘face-to-face,’ officials say, and it’s even uglier in private.” The story here written by Asawin Suebsaeng of The Daily Beast.“Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen Bannon has called the president’s senior advisor and son-in-law Jared Kushner a ‘cuck’ and a ‘globalist’ during a time of high tension between the two top aides…” If you run to the dictionary looking up the word “cuck” you may have to go to some newfangled New Age dictionary to find the definition, because it isn’t there. They don’t know what this word means in the Ivy League. The way it is being used in Washington is to describe a poltroon conservative, a phony conservative, a RINO Republican.Now, I don’t know. So far, Bannon has denied every news story about him. He denied that he thought of quitting. He denied that it was the Mercers that convinced him to stay. He’s saying that all this news about him being taken off the National Security Council, that it was totally misrepresented and nothing to see there. So I don’t know what’s gonna happen with this, but if this is true, how can Trump let this slide? I mean, Kushner… Not only is his son-in-law, Kushner is a chief… Kushner, some even describe him as a shadow secretary of state. He’s over in the Middle East right now.“The fighting between Kushner and Bannon,” according to Daily Beast, “has been ‘nonstop’ in recent weeks, according to sources who spoke on condition of anonymity. It’s been an ‘open secret’ that Bannon and Kushner often clash ‘face-to-face’ … One official said Bannon has lately complained about Kushner trying to ‘shiv him and push him out the door’ and likened him to a fifth column in the White House. ‘[Bannon] recently vented to us about Jared being a ‘globalist’ and a ‘cuck’…He actually said ‘cuck,’ as in ‘cuckservative,” the administration official [unnamed] told The Daily Beast.”It means phony, pretend, not reliable, not really a conservative. It’s an inside-the-Beltway term. It’s a… (sigh) It’s kind of a portmanteau of cuckservative and cuckold, cuckold and conservative, and it’s become a favorite slur on the right. It’s like a sexually, racially charged version of RINO, which is Republican-in-name-only. So, uh… If you went to dictionary and you entered “cuck” and it said “cuckold,” then you are halfway there, but… (chuckles) And it’s C-U-C-K. Don’t spell it a different way. So the fireworks continue to explode here.Whatever is being done to calm this down and tamp this down is not working. (interruption) I haven’t heard that. Snerdley just said, “I’ve heard this is a management style Trump likes. He likes people going at each other’s throat and so forth.” I haven’t… I don’t know that. Could well be true. Not sure. But I don’t… One of them involved is your son-in-law, who is really ranking both in the family and the political structure here. But then I read something last night which, you know, I… You don’t know what to believe anymore.The thing I read last night, and I don’t remember where, was that Bannon is one of the few people that Trump considers an equal, in terms of finance, economics, wealth, stature and standing in the world and so forth. Whatever. There’s a lot of intrigue, and whatever this is, it’s a distraction from some of the other stuff going on. The media can’t avoid this. They just eat this stuff up, folks. They’re swallowing this stuff like a 90-year-old virgin on Viagra. They cannot let go of it. So we’ll see what plays out next.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: The broadcast engineer as the break began, said, “You, of course, have the GQ article blaming you for the creation of the term ‘cuck’?” I said, “What? I’ve only seen it once, and I forgot the definition. Today I’m asking people if they know what it means.” “Well, the GQ article implies that you created it.” So the broadcast engineer sent it to me. (interruption) Miguel Snerdley is the broadcast engineer. (People are asking, “What’s his name?”) And, lo and behold, here’s a picture of me with my mouth open shouting at a very tiny Jeb Bush, and the word coming out of my mouth is “cuck.” (interruption)What do you mean I can’t argue with…? (interruption) I don’t… To this day, I’m not dead certain what it is! You know, I don’t traffic in sublanguages like this. I’m an erudite, sophisticated, educated individual, and I don’t run around calling people “cucks.” The headline of this piece is “Why Angry White Men Love Calling People ‘Cucks.'” So it’s a photo of me with a communist red background and yellow letters spelling out “cuck,” and Jeb Bush is who I’m shouting at. This is from last August, August 1st of 2016, and nobody told me about this. (interruption)No, I don’t do Google alerts on my cell phone. Folks, I don’t need to know that I’m in the news. I already know that. I don’t need to see every evidence of it. In fact, my friends no longer even send it. Every time I was in the news, people would send me the link, and they don’t anymore because they know they don’t care. This is why I say I’m too famous. I can’t even keep up with it all. It’s written by somebody named Dana Schwartz. “The problematic history of the alt-right’s favorite new insult.” Well, I’m not alt-right. Alt-right is this…That’s another thing. The alt-right, I don’t even know it exists. It’s got like five or six admitted members. The Drive-Bys want you to think it is the conservative movement, a bunch of white supremacists, and they say that Bannon leads it. “If you’ve been on Twitter in the last few months, chances are you’ve come across ‘cuck,’ a word that you’d previously only seen while your browser was in Incognito Mode.” Apparently what it means… Well, it’s an insult… I’m looking at the story. I don’t have time to get into the full-fledged definition of this. I’m sorry. I’m not trying to string you along here.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Just look: Forget the definition of “cuck.” The one thing about it is that it’s an insult to phony conservatives. That’s the thing that you have to understand about it. The Urban Dictionary definition of the word is just… It’s ridiculous, it’s obscene, it’s insulting, and it’s not based on any kind of reality. One of the definition is “someone who wins an argument against a conservative.” The other definition is “it’s a word used by white supremacists to solicit sex.”It’s silly. Absurd. But the point is Jared Kushner’s not a Republican. He’s not even a conservative. Jared Kushner comes from a family of huge Democrats, huge Democrat donors and so forth. This is Ivanka’s husband and Trump’s son-in-law, who he values tremendously. But if “cuck” is some insult to a less-than-sincere or genuine conservative, it doesn’t even apply to Kushner. And given this GQ story? Associating me with this word is total, made-up BS.You have to consider that associating Bannon with these so-called behind-the-back insults of Kushner is made up as well. It doesn’t make any sense. If it’s true, for example, Trump can’t let that slide by. No matter even if he does like his advisers going at each other. ‘Cause it’s his son-in-law there. Anyway, time will tell on all of this stuff. The problem with it is not so much the details. It’s the picture being painted of an administration that has no idea what it’s doing and that is in constant fights with each other, and that is the real purpose of these stories.








Apr 6, 2017But here is Stewart in Clover, South Carolina, with a different take on it. What say you, Stewart?CALLER: (silence)RUSH: Stewart, are you there?CALLER: Yep. Yes. I’m here. Thanks for taking my call.RUSH: You bet. What’s your theory on this?CALLER: Well, my first reaction was what everybody else is thinking, too, like, “Oh, my gosh, he recused himself!” But like you just said, if they stay there and they come to the conclusion — the inevitable conclusion — that there’s nothing there to this Russia probe, they’re gonna scream and cry and say it was tainted and all that. But what people are doing, making the mistake of doing is combining the Russia probe with the surveillance scandal. Every other Republican on that committee should do the same thing that Nunes just did and recuse themselves.Say, “Fine, Democrats. If you want to keep pushing this…” We know that they’ve been surveilled for a year now. Whether or not the White House and Susan Rice wants to admit that they were targeting the Trump team or whatever, we know that they were listening to ’em. If after all that, they still don’t have any proof of any collusion, it’s a futile effort. It’s the Russian probe to nowhere. We should all do… They should is all do the same thing, say, “I’m gonna recuse myself. This is going nowhere. We’re gonna start an investigation into the real scandal,” and start by sending a subpoena Susan Rice.RUSH: All right. Okay. I hear you. So Stewart’s theory is: This Russian thing, there’s nothing there. There is no collusion. There isn’t any evidence. Nobody’s ever found any evidence! There clearly was no way the Russians tampered with the vote. So this is going nowhere and it’s taken a long time to get there. The real scandal is the Obama administration spying on the Trump people for a year. That’s what needs to be focused on. That’s the investigation everybody needs to go after. So Stewart saying, “Get rid of Nunes? Fine. There’s nothing there anyway. This is a distraction.“We need to focus on the Obama administration spying of the Trump campaign, which we know happened.” And I very much admire and appreciate that thinking. Because the news continues to mount on this side that what was heretofore thought to be just not possible. “Are you kidding?” said the media. “Our beloved, godlike Obama spying on anybody? Why, that would never happen! And how dare you attempt to impugn our godlike president by saying that he would stoop to such thing!” Except that we know he has. He spied on Angela Merkel. Obama was spying on members…When I say, “Obama,” the Obama administration. They were spying on members of Congress. Members of Congress know it! There was surveillance of Israelis during an election campaign there. This is something that we know the Obama administration routinely did. And to now all of a sudden expect that it’s not possible, that these allegations are something not being explained. It’s entirely. This is how Obama won elections was by forcing private, classified, off-limits data — sealed court documents — to be released about his opponents, their divorce records and so forth. That investigation is just ramping up, and there is all kinds of effort to stonewall it.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Now, I want to go back to our caller who suggested that this Russian investigation is gonna go nowhere because there’s nothing there and what really ought to be focused on is the Obama administration spying, that that’s what really needs to be investigated. Anything that interrupts the Russian investigation — according to our caller named Stewart — is a good thing. “Fox News Reports Intelligence Community ‘Stonewalling’ Investigation Into Obama Administration Leaks About Trump.”The story’s from the Daily Wire, but they’re reporting what happened at Fox. “According to Fox News, legislators and investigators working with the House and Senate Intelligence Committees investigating allegations the [Regime] spied on Trump associates, claim intelligence agencies are stonewalling efforts to discover who leaked names and protected information to the media. Fox News reported, ‘Multiple lawmakers and investigators for the panel told Fox News the CIA, FBI and National Security Agency … are not cooperating'” with the investigation.It wouldn’t surprise me. There’s a bunch of Obama holdovers there. This is the now famous “deep state” that everybody talks about. “‘Our requests are simply not being answered,’ said one House Intelligence committee source about the lack of responsiveness.” CIA, FBI, NSA. “‘The agencies are not really helping at all and there is truly a massive web for us to try and wade through.’ A Senate Intelligence Committee source said the upper chamber had the same experience. ‘Any information that will help find the wide extent on the unmasking and surveillance is purposely not being provided,’ said the Senate source.”So Obama Regime officials are stonewalling. They’re not participating. They’re continuing to leak, and they’re continuing to do the unmasking and reporting, but they’re not cooperating. New York Times. Maggie Haberman of the Democrat National Committee and Matthew Rosenberg: “Trump, Citing No Evidence, Suggests Susan Rice Committed Crime.” That’s another way it’s done: “Trump, Citing No Evidence…” CNN runs graphics like that all the time. “Trump, despite no evidence claims such-and-such had Cheerios for breakfast,” or whatever it is.They always throw in “despite having no evidence.” Well, excuse me, but isn’t it the New York Times that has had no evidence for every allegation they’ve been making about Trump and Russia? Excuse me, but isn’t that the case, is that every single story that they have run on this featuring leaks from deep in the intelligence community? Has not every story said, “But so far there is no clear evidence suggesting a link”? All we have is the leaking and all we have is the supposition and the speculation. No evidence.So couldn’t you say — and be accurate in doing so — that every New York Times article cites no evidence when they report what they report? So Trump has thrown another grenade, and I just want to remind you: When Trump throws these grenades, as frustrated as people get — even Trump supporters. As time passes, Trump ends up being much more right than he is wrong, such as when he lobbed that mortar into the Democrats about Obama tapping his wires at Trump Tower.Remember, they had a fit over that, and as time passed… Now, everybody’s acknowledging that the Obama administration was indeed spying, that there was “incidental capture” of Americans, and those Americans were unmasked. Everybody’s admitting this now. The only question is who did it. Susan Rice is denying it for political purposes. She’s admitting it happened but, no, not for political purpose, which is a big laugh. So Trump was right. Now he’s out there saying Susan Rice may have committed a crime.This is kind of a push-back Democrats are not accustomed to, nor is the media. Now, Catherine Herridge at Fox News has what I consider to be even more blockbuster news about this. The unmasking of Republicans — Trump people — incidentally captured when foreign objects were being surveilled? Apparently, the information that has been collected on these Republicans is massive and detailed about things in their everyday lives. Peter King, Republican congressman from New York — he’s on the House Intelligence Committee — said that he’s seen some of this.He said, “This information is about their everyday lives. It’s sort of like in a divorce case where lawyers are hired and investigators are hired just to find out what the other person is doing from morning until night. Then you try to piece it together later on.” Another pull quote from the story: “While not commenting on the individual case, a former senior intelligence official explained the request must be approved by the NSA. Rice would have understood that there is an extensive government paper trail…”I mean, we’re not just talking about the transcripts of phone calls. Once these people are unmasked, a full-fledged investigation of them begins. What Susan Rice has ended up seeing is detailed! I’ll put it a different way: She is seeing countless details about these people’s everyday lives, not just what they happen to be saying on a phone call with a surveilled subject like the Russian ambassador. It’s information about their everyday lives, which leads to the possibility of blackmail.I mean, who knows what they’re collecting and what they have? It says here that Susan “Rice would have understood that there is an extensive government paper trail” on these people incidentally captured “that can be audited within the NSA, that shows who requested the unmasking, [why], and whether it was granted. This raises more questions about Rice, her motivation and whether it was authorized higher up,” which we are not doubting that it was.Now, “If approved…” If the request to unmask is “approved, the former senior intelligence official said, only the requester, in this case [Susan] Rice, would receive the information. Based on Fox News’ reporting, the information was shared beyond Rice, but it is not clear if those who received it had a ‘need to know.'” So the question is: Who told her to do it? Who asked her to request the unmasking? And then who, therefore, did she report to after getting the data that she got on people? This is potentially bigger than Watergate stuff, the way this is all falling out.








Apr 6, 2017RUSH: So President Trump and the first lady, Melania, just boarded Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews en route to where we live to screw things up for about three or four days. I say that affectionately and jokingly. But I got an email from somebody. “Rush, I just saw the president do the rudest thing. It’s raining, and he got on board the plane before Melania. How rude is that?” You know, that’s an excellent question, and let me tell you why it happened. In official Washington protocol, no one goes through a doorway before the president. No one.The president always goes through a doorway first. Everybody is to make way for the president. This is pre-Trump. The president, if he wants, can defer and let somebody go, but he’s not supposed to. The president is to always be first through a doorway, moving to a new room or entering a room. It’s all about the appearance of power and protocol. I imagine many of you are now running to Google to try to prove me wrong on this, but don’t doubt me. So the president was not being rude on entering Air Force One prior to the first lady.Since that happens in public, he obviously decided to follow protocol and enter the airplane first. It is not about chivalry. It’s not about potential danger on the other side of the doorway. It’s all about the appearance of respect and power and things of this nature. And I’m sure that the vast majority of people don’t know it. And I’m sure that many of you now are doubting me, but I warn you not to. He was not being rude, is the bottom line. He doesn’t hate women. Another email: “See? This proves it! No respect for women. He’s a pig. He’s a misogynist.”Now, normally I wouldn’t even answer those emails, but in this case I felt the need to do so.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: In the meantime, Spokane, Washington. Chris, welcome to the EIB Network. Hello.CALLER: Hi, Rush. Mega dittos.RUSH: Thank you, sir.CALLER: I want to comment on the protocol story you did. Now, I have to admit that I missed the first part of the story. So I’m not sure what happens inside a building from room to room. But getting on an airplane or getting into a car, the highest ranking person is the last one to get in and the first one to get out. I’m Air Force retired. So I had to deal with it.RUSH: Okay. You are making a distinction. Here’s what happened. The president and the first lady boarded Air Force One. It’s raining cats and dogs, by the way, and they had to get on with umbrellas. They didn’t park the airplane in a hangar and let people board dry. So they had to board in the rain with umbrellas. The president boarded first, and after he was safely inside, the first lady then ascended the steps. I then got emails from people pointing out that shows what a rude pig Trump is, that he doesn’t even respect his wife enough to let her — in the rain — board the plane before he did. And it proves that Trump is a misogynist and is focused only on himself. And it was that that I was reacting to.CALLER: Oh, okay.RUSH: And I said that there is a protocol that when the president enters a room or goes through a doorway, he is always first. You’re saying in the Air Force it’s not true?CALLER: No. Whenever we carry generals or senators or anybody, the highest ranking person was the last one to get on.RUSH: Is that also true if you carried the president?CALLER: Oh, no, I didn’t deal with the president. But if there’s a general and a president, the president gets off the plane first. If there’s a general and a sergeant, the general gets off the plane first.RUSH: Yeah, that’s true. The president always… Well, of those in the front compartment. The media and the people in the back get off at the back of the plane. Nobody sees that.CALLER: Right.RUSH: But down the primary stairway, the primary doorway, the president is off the plane first. You’re absolutely right about that. It was Trump who told me this, folks. So that’s my source for this is Trump. Which I know many of you are gonna say, “See, Trump’s stupid! He doesn’t know anything.” Some of you leftists are out there. But that’s my source for this, and he said he was very surprised to learn it. He learned it in the White House. He was standing aside to let women enter rooms and he was taken aside by a protocol expert who said, “Mr. President, you’re supposed to enter first. The president always goes through a doorway first.” He said he still feels uncomfortable with it, but he does it because that’s what’s required.So that’s my source.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: President Trump, I assume, is now airborne en route to Palm Beach Florida and the winter White House known as Mar-a-Lago, and I think the ChiCom leader Xi Jinping is already here. He’s staying down at a resort (ahem), a resort in Lantana, or is it Manalapan? (interruption) it’s Manalapan. Manalapan is the area just south of Palm Beach. Palm Beach is an island, and during the season it’s 40-some-odd-thousand people who reside here. After Easter — I mean, the day after Easter — one half of that number will leave. (chuckling)Twenty thousand. That day, they’re gone. You know why? That’s just the way it’s always been done. If Easter’s March the 14th, they leave March 15th. If Easter’s April 16th, they leave April 17th. These are the blue-bloods. These are the people inherited their money and don’t know why they do what they do other than it’s always been done that way. They clear outta here, and the place becomes much less congested.And I now… Mar-a-Lago itself closes for the summer, usually from mid-May all the way through October. But I don’t know what’s… Trump’s got other places to go in the summertime when he wants to leave the White House. He hasn’t got Mar-a-Lagos anywhere else but he’s got numerous golf clubs and places that he can go. So the times that he will be coming here on weekends and vacations is drawing through close.








Apr 6, 2017RUSH: Barbara in Rochester, New York. Great to have you on the program. How are you doing?CALLER: I’m just fine. Thank you.RUSH: Oh, you’re welcome. It’s great to have you here. What’s on your mind? What did you call to talk about?CALLER: Well, after Gorsuch is approved, I think Congress should change the number of Supreme Court justices from nine to 11, and then they can get a few more conservatives on the court that will follow the rules of the law.RUSH: Well, she’s got a point here, folks. Congress can determine the number of people on the court any time they want to embark on changing the rule. Congress sets up the courts. Congress determines the districts — the circuits, if you will — and where they are and the number. You know, the Supreme Court has not always had nine justices. It’s had a varying number over the years. If they tried something like that, do you expect the Democrats would go along with that?CALLER: (silence)RUSH: Barbara?CALLER: Democrats have no choice.RUSH: (snorts) Well…CALLER: They aren’t the majority now.RUSH: (laughing) Tell them that.CALLER: (chuckling)RUSH: Tell some Republican voters that. They don’t see it manifesting that way. (chuckling)CALLER: No.RUSH: They still see the Democrats running the show. Nunes gone. Sessions recusing himself. Bannon in or out, depending on who you believe. Trump starting to listen to the liberal Democrats of Goldman Sachs in his administration. The media is on a full-court press here to try to convince you that the liberal Democrats are taking over the Trump administration; the Republicans, gutless cowards, are recusing themselves everywhere.CALLER: (silence)RUSH: Don’t be stymied. You can react.CALLER: Oh. (chuckles) Well, I’m just looking at all these dynamics going on, and the bottom line is, they have to focus. I don’t care what party you belong to, what religion you are, what color you are. Focus on the American people. That’s all we ask.RUSH: Well, I get your thinking, and I think your thinking echoes the sentiments of countless millions out there. That is, all we’ve really done here is win an election, and now it’s time to use it. So let’s expand the Supreme Court to 11 while we confirm and appoint the nominees and let’s get a genuine conservative majority in there regardless what happens to Stephen Breyer or Kennedy or Ruth “Buzzi” Ginsburg. It’s like anything else, though. When you do that, the Democrats are gonna end up back in power at some point and those seats are gonna become open. But I still get your thinking. Let’s do… If the Supreme Court’s gonna have the power that it has, let’s put as many of our people on it as we can. Barbara, let me ask you this before you go. You still there?CALLER: Yes, I am.RUSH: Imagine for a moment that several members of the House Judiciary Committee are actually listening right now and have heard your call. What do you think their reaction is?CALLER: I’m not sure. I do write the president every now and then, and I have made that suggestion. So I’m hoping somebody’s listening to me.RUSH: Well, it’s a great thought, and I appreciate it. We’ll see. (chuckles) I’m not comfortable yet characterizing what I think the House members hearing your suggestion’s reaction would be. So we’ll wait to see if it ever happens.








Apr 6, 2017RUSH: I have to tell you, I didn’t think they’d actually do it. I didn’t think McConnell would actually do it. I thought when the moment of truth came, they’d find some out for not going nuclear. But they’re gonna do it. They’re gonna go nuclear, and the Democrats are running around acting like a bunch of stuck Trumps. Well, they think Trump’s a pig, so I just… Anyway, I’m gonna give you all the data on this that you need to understand what’s going on, because the Democrats are lying through their teeth about every aspect of this.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: This filibuster business in the Senate is… There’s an element here of it that the Democrats… They’re gonna rue that they did this, and the way to understand this filibuster business is very simple: All that is happening today is that the Senate is being returned to the rules that lasted for 100 years prior to 2003.The judicial filibuster was invented by the Democrats in 2003. The point is there was no filibuster anywhere… It’s not even mentioned in the Constitution. It’s a Senate rule. The Senate can make whatever rules it wants. The Democrats… I just listened to Dick Durbin. (paraphrased) They’re talking about decades and centuries of Senate tradition being wiped aside by these evil Republicans! The Republicans didn’t do anything but stand aside while the Democrats changed the rules. So all that’s happening is that Democrat rules that created filibustering judicial nominees are now being removed.That’s all that’s happening. The Senate is being returned to normal. That’s all that’s happening. There is no great earthquake happening here. The Senate is not being forever undermined and changed. But that is the media’s story, and so the Democrats are going along with it. The media’s devising all this strategy, and they’re showing by virtue of controlling the news how the Democrats should act and what the Democrats should say.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: The Democrats are making their own miscalculation on this filibuster. I have it on good authority why they’re really doing this. This goes a long way to establishing one of my new theorems, and that is that the Democrats are an arm of the media, not the media an arm of the Democrats.I have it on good authority that the Democrats, because of counseling with the media, actually believe that they can convert McConnell triggering the nuclear option into electoral victory in 2018. I kid you not. There has been all this speculation, which politics is filled with people that… It’s kind of like in football the analysts and experts who analyze each week’s game with the point spread straight up, analyze this matchup, that matchup, and nobody knows anything of what they’re talking about because the game hasn’t started yet.So you get all these predictions based on what you have on paper as what might happen. And politics is filled with people that do nothing but make wild guesses in blogs and on websites and on TV, and it’s called “educated analysis.” And most of that educated analyses has been that the Democrats are making a mistake triggering the nuclear option on Gorsuch because there’s no change in the balance of power, that Gorsuch is simply replacing Scalia, and so there’s no real ideological change in the makeup of the court.So it’s silly to waste a filibuster here. They should just go ahead and confirm Gorsuch. He’s a good judge. All kinds of leftists around the country, judges and jurists, think there’s no sense in stopping the guy. There’s nothing there. But others on Trump’s list… When it comes to time, say, one of the libs retires or something else happens and one of them creates an opening, and then Trump wants to nominate another Gorsuch type or conservative to fill the lib’s seat, that’s what it gets nuclear on the Democrat side.So the learned strategists have been saying, “The Democrats are making a mistake here. They’re wasting this. They should save this until the next opening,” and it appears they’ve missed the whole point of why the Democrats are doing this. Democrats are doing this for 2018. I know it sounds odd. The Democrats are looking at big trouble in 2018 if there isn’t a change in public sentiment from the 2016 election. We’ve got a bunch of Democrat senators from red states that Trump won that are up for reelection. It’s like 10 of them.That’s a big, huge number. And if those Democrats lose those seats, the Republicans could end up with 60 seats in the Senate after the 2018 election, just because of the new makeup, not because of any nuclear option or anything. They could literally end up with 60 seats. That hasn’t happened in I don’t know how long. So the Democrats are trying to head that off. They think by forcing McConnell to go nuclear, that they have created a winning campaign issue about what a bunch of Nazis the Republicans are.You know the mistake in this? I wonder if I can say this. Well, I can say now because it’s beyond the point of no return. They can’t dial it back now. This is the Democrats problem. There’s a reason Democrats are losing elections. I know, I know. You’re tired of hearing me say this. But, folks, I’m not gonna start repeating the numbers. The thing the Democrats… There are many mistakes they make. One of the mistakes they make is they think that average, ordinary, low-information voters follow “the process,” and most people couldn’t care less about the process.When it comes to this, “Just confirm the guy. We don’t care! Nuclear this, nuclear that? Don’t care cloture vote, first cloture vote, rules of order. Screw that! Just confirm the guy. We elected you to get people like this on the court, get ’em on the court.” When it comes to health care, “Get rid of it! It’s killing us. We can’t afford the premiums. We can’t afford the deductibles. We don’t want to go to jail if we don’t pay! We don’t want to pay a fine. Just get rid of it!” All the process involved, they don’t care. They’re not impressed by it. It’s not at all something that they can be impressed by in terms of listening to the words and the lingo.And this process argument is what the Democrats are relying on. Okay, so McConnell triggers the nuclear option. The Democrats go campaign in ’18 on what a bunch of Nazis the Republicans are, how they triggered the nuclear option, how they defied democracy, how they defiled the Constitution. All they’re gonna do is maintain their base with that. They’re not gonna grow it because people don’t care about that. Gorsuch is gonna end up on the court is what’s gonna matter in 2018, and the Democrats couldn’t stop it is what’s gonna matter. But McConnell’s doing something like this in this nuclear option that the Democrats…They’re gonna regret this, folks.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: It was 2003 that the Democrats changed all this. I was just protecting myself against a typo. So many people send me so much that’s wrong that I have to protect myself by accounting for either option. But here’s the deal. There were no politically based filibusters of judicial nominees ever in this country until 2003. Let me repeat that. Up until 2003, there were no politically based filibusters of judicial nominees. The filibuster for legislation…And again, it’s not really a filibuster in the sense that people are not required to go to the floor and keep talking until they can’t anymore. It’s just they short-circuit that. They acknowledge somebody’s got the fortitude to speak until 60 votes can be achieved to stop it. So essentially the Senate changed rules that legislation outside of the budget required 60 votes to stop debate, and then go to the vote on the actual legislation. But that was never applied to judicial nominees until 2003, when the Democrats invented the judicial filibuster to stop the nominees of George W. Bush.Prior to that, it was common that if a nominee were qualified, the nominee would get a vote on the floor. There would not be a filibuster to stop the nominee from even being voted on. The Democrats started that in order to go after Bush’s lower court nominees, district court nominees. It was really aimed at Miguel Estrada. So the Democrats started all this, and all that McConnell is doing today is returning the Senate to the way it operated prior to 2003, pure and simple.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Back to the filibuster for just a second, because it’s happening. The Senate has just affirmed the nuclear option on the Gorsuch confirmation. To prove the point that prior to 2003 judicial filibusters didn’t exist, look at Clarence Thomas! Clarence Thomas — after all of that crap that was his confirmation hearings — was confirmed to the court with fewer than 60 votes. So was Samuel Alito, and there have been others.But in the modern era, those are two prominent justices confirmed with fewer than 60 votes. The filibuster didn’t exist. The Democrats invented the judicial filibuster in 2003 to stop the nominees to lower courts of George W. Bush. Harry Reid pulled it again in 2013 to include all presidential judicial nominations except those nominated for the Supreme Court. What McConnell has done today is not alter the Constitution.McConnell and the Republicans have not nuclearized the Constitution. They have not actually triggered a nuclear option. That’s just words. All that’s happened here is that Mitch McConnell has returned to the Senate its rules that existed prior to the Democrats changing them in 2003. And, by the way, the Senate can make whatever rules it wants. And if a majority votes on the rules change, then it’s changed. The Constitution does not say anything about filibusters, because the filibuster was not actually invented until long after the country was founded and began operating.Now, what has happened with it and the reason the Democrats did this in 2003. The first thing was Bush was illegitimate, you know. The Florida recount. He didn’t really win. The Supreme Court rigged the game, blah, blah, blah. So Bush was not legitimate. So therefore, he shouldn’t get any of these judges. But there was also another aspect to it, which was the Democrats, as I pointed out yesterday, never lose.They don’t lose, and they don’t respect the authority in place following elections if they lose. The only authority they acknowledge is their own. So when they lose elections, the first thing you’ll start hearing about is “the tyranny of the majority” and how rules need to be changed to empower the minority. You never hear this when the Republicans are in the minority, only when the Democrats are. And what the Democrats actually seek is to give the minority more power than the majority and, in the process, undermine duly constituted elections.And all that’s changing here is McConnell is zapping all of that and returning the Senate to a deliberative body defined by popular elections state by state by state — which, when you add ’em all up, the Democrats lost. That’s really all that’s happened here. But the Democrats see it differently. Well, no, they know what’s happening. They just want everybody to believe that Mitch McConnell is tearing the Senate up. They want Mitch McConnell to believe that he’s ripping it up and flushing it down the toilet.They want people to believe Mitch McConnell doesn’t respect elections, doesn’t respect a minority, doesn’t respect votes, and is therefore trying to rig the game against a valid minority which has legitimate concerns over blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And as we have learned, what may be the real strategic reason for this is the Democrats think forcing Republicans to go nuclear like this is a winning issue for them in 2018 in the midterms in the Senate and House elections, where they will then be able to say of McConnell what I just said.“He threw out the Constitution! These Republicans are a bunch of Nazis. These Republicans are a bunch of fascists. They tore up the Constitution! They couldn’t get their nominee through the Senate any other way than to rig the game. That’s why you need to send us back to protect the fine, age-old traditions of the Senate.” I think that’s gonna bomb out on ’em. People don’t care about all this process. This is one of the many things about politics that people hate. But there’s another aspect to this that goes beyond the removal of the filibuster here.What McConnell has also decided to do is lower the amount of time available for debate on future nominees. And they can thank Dingy Harry for that too. The additional change… There’s another change in this aside from just eliminating the filibuster. The additional change that they are considering would affect a bunch of future Trump nominees, because this change will reduce the debate time after a nominee clears an initial procedural hurdle, and the time change takes it from 30 hours to eight hours.The reason why the vote’s not gonna be until tomorrow is even after triggering the nuclear option and breaking cloture, there is a minimum of 30 hours of debate required, after the nuclear option’s triggered today. That’s why the vote will not happen until tomorrow afternoon, because the rules at present permit 30 hours of debate. In this case, it’s both parties. But the Democrats are gonna have 30 hours to use to smear, to cajole, to try to convince Republicans like Murkowski and Collins to vote against Gorsuch.The additional change McConnell is implementing today reduces the 30 hours to eight hours. And the real meaning of that is, that is a significant reduction in the amount of time the Senate would need to confirm a nominee. If it were in place now, they could do the vote on Gorsuch at, say, eight o’clock tonight or nine o’clock tonight. Just eight hours of debate speeds up the process and moves it along. And that is being implemented along with the removal of the filibuster today.But it’s not unprecedented. In 2013, there was a similar provision on limiting debate for most nominations. The 2013 measure passed the Senate by a vote of 78-16 but only governed the rules for that Congress. Democrats at the time held a majority in the Senate, so the rule changes. That’s why McConnell can change it from 30 hours to eight in order to speak up the process and limit the amount of time Democrats have to destroy somebody.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Well, the nuclear option is officially triggered. If you want to hear how it sounds, the senior member of the Senate, Orrin Hatch, announced it this way…HATCH: Let’s have order. On this vote the ayes are 48; the nays are 52. The decision of the chair does not stand as the judgment of the Senate.RUSH: Therefore, the rule has been changed. See, that’s the kind of thing… What does that mean? What it means is they exercise the nuclear option, and the filibuster is gone. That’s what it sounds like.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: I want to present one other possibility to explain why the Democrats forced the nuclear option today. And when I say “forced” it, they could have prevented this by voting for Gorsuch. All it would have required is Chuck Schumer finding eight Democrats. And that wouldn’t have been hard, because there are 10 Democrats up for reelection in 2018 in red states that Trump won big, who would really much have preferred to not do what they did today. And it would have strategically, probably, made more sense to hold off on the maneuver that they engaged in today until the next nominee.Which likely will either be a replacement for Justice Kennedy (who may resign/retire) or one of the acknowledged liberals on the court. But they didn’t. They triggered it today. They forced the Republicans’ hands today to get Gorsuch confirmed. And again, I just want to stress that the Republicans haven’t done anything nuclear here. Folks, this is a classic example of the daily soap opera script being written by the media, and acceded to and followed by Democrats. There’s nothing earth-shattering that happened here.The real earth-shattering event was the in 2003, when the Democrats changed centuries-old rules. There never were filibusters for judicial nominees in the Senate. Clarence Thomas was confirmed with fewer than 60 votes. So was Sam Alito. There was no such thing as a 60-vote requirement to confirm judges until the Democrats instituted it in 2003. So all that happened today was the Republicans returned the Senate to the rules that had always been the case in 2003. Nothing earth shattering. Nothing nuclear happened here.The Senate wasn’t blown to shreds. Time-honored tradition wasn’t destroyed. Nothing of the sort. When Harry Reid did this in 2013 and when the Democrats did it in 2003, there wasn’t any of this accompanying news about how the Democrats were destroying the Senate and shaking it up and forever changing it and doing great damage to tradition. There wasn’t any of that. The media was applauding back then because it was all aimed at stopping Republican nominees.So one of the theories as to why they forced this today is because they want to use this characterization of what the Republicans did is the part of a “process”campaign to retake the Senate in 2018. And it’s really strange. Campaigning on process is a… Process is dull. It’s boring. It causes glassy eyes. It doesn’t really… There’s nothing exciting about Senate process or any bureaucracy process. It’s like over in health care. People don’t want to hear about the process. They don’t want to hear what the problems are. They don’t want to hear about it.“Just get it done! We elected Republicans since 2010 to get rid of this. Just get rid of it. We don’t want to hear why you can’t do it! We don’t want to hear all these fancy-dancy excuses. Just get rid of it!” And yet, there it is. Well, I wish to offer a variation on the process theory that might be behind why the Democrats did this today, rather than save it. The first theory again is that in 2018 when they run for their various Senate elections, they will use this and explain that the Republicans are a mean bunch of Nazis and defied traditional Senate rules.They’ll get into the minutia of what happened here to try to demonstrate how Republicans can’t be trusted. But there’s another variation on this that could be what they intend to do. I will admit that the Democrats rarely have made the mistake of basing campaigns on process, meaning using the process as a weapon in a campaign. Because it is so boring, and it’s so insider that it’s not naturally exciting. It doesn’t inspire anybody. There’s nothing about it that attracts people. It just turns people off.So there is an alternative theory that what they did… This is their campaign in 2018. What they did was legitimately filibuster Gorsuch, and they will say, “We stopped him. Look at what we did,” to their base. “We stopped Gorsuch. You should love us! You told us to stop Gorsuch, and we did. Under the current rules of Senate at the time, we stopped Gorsuch. We made sure that Gorsuch didn’t get 60 votes. You should be thanking us! You should be celebrating us! We did exactly what we told you we were gonna do. We stopped Gorsuch, except for this corrupt GOP.“So this ultra-right Supreme Court…” And all decisions forthcoming from Gorsuch that the left abhors, they are now going to try to delegitimize. I think in the simplest way I can explain it is they’ll go ahead and stand aside and let the Republicans get rid of the filibuster and confirm Gorsuch, and then the Democrats campaign in 2018 on the basis he’s illegitimate. “The Republicans had to break the rules.” It’s a continuation of saying the Republicans are a bunch of fascists and Nazis. “We stopped Gorsuch,” they will say. I can see the fund-raising now from the DNC, from the Democrat Senatorial Campaign Committee.I can see Chuck Schumer out there. “We did everything we told our base,” which is insane, “that we were gonna do. We stopped Gorsuch.” (interruption) Well, because… (interruption) I’m not telling you it’s gonna work. I’m just telling you what their thinking is. (interruption) How’s it attract new people? Who knows! It depends on what the lay of the land is there. If they have succeeded in convincing people that Trump’s illegitimate, if they succeeded still in 2018 of convincing people that Trump’s not worthy of being there and should be sent packing…“We can’t do that yet, but we can get rid of everything Trump did. We can build…” So they delegitimize Gorsuch and every decision that he participates in. They will continue to resist, is the point. They will not submit. They will not respect the authority that is Gorsuch as a justice on the court. The Democrats’ 2018 campaign for the Senate in all these different states will be, “Love us, support us, donate to us, because we stopped Gorsuch. We couldn’t stop a corrupt GOP. But because the GOP’s corrupt, they put Gorsuch on the court in violation of Senate rules, and so Gorsuch shouldn’t even be there.”This really is about all the Democrats have. As they continue to lose elections, the best strategy they’ve got is to delegitimize the people that win them and claim that victory has been stolen from them, like Russia and Trump stealing from Hillary, and now Mitch McConnell stealing and putting Gorsuch on the court because of a corrupt GOP. And they continue to set themselves up as victims of illegitimate political players. It’ll keep the money rollin’ in.When the Democrats think about elections, there’s one thing they think Mr. Snerdley: Turnout, turnout, turnout. They don’t think about much else. If they will get the turnout, then they’ll deal with how those people vote later. But the first thing they’ve gotta do is get the turnout. So this is all oriented along the line of he just angering everybody, just trying to poison everybody’s mind about the system when Republicans are in charge, and force turnout based on the fact that, “This has got to change!“Our country is being lost! Our country being stolen from us right in front of our faces, and this must stop!” And Gorsuch will be an example of an illegitimately confirmed justice. I’m not saying any of this is gonna work. I’m saying this is what they’re thinking, because it’s a legitimate question: Why waste this big push on the filibuster now when it doesn’t change the balance of the court? So I’m coming up with explanations of people who are asking that question.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: See? Fox has got this playing out just as I said. Fox headline: “Senate Democrats Block Neil Gorsuch from Advancing.” So the Democrats can say, “See? We stopped Gorsuch. We did exactly what you wanted.” The difference is Democrat voters are intolerant of their politicians not doing what they say. We let our guys get away with it. Democrat voters don’t. So Fox is carrying the water here. They don’t know they’re doing it, don’t misunderstand. But they’re playing right into Democrats’ hands. The Democrats can say, “We stopped him! We stopped the guy! We got rid of the guy!”So now the Democrats are prepared to say that the corrupt Republicans have an illegitimate judge on a court.








Apr 6, 2017RUSH: Trump’s upset with this eight days business. Trump… They’re trying to really hurry this health care revival, and I’m gonna tell you something about that. There’s a story in the Stack here says that Pence has taken over the directorship — the energy behind, the movement — of the health care bill from Paul Ryan. Nothing conspiratorial about it. It’s just that Pence has now adopted it, taken over, and is the force behind it.I think is that the vice president has been involved in this at a very high level from the get-go, and I don’t think it’s anything different that he’s involved in it now. It’s good that Pence is involved in this. So don’t anybody misunderstand. But they’re trying to push this and get something done here quickly, and Trump is deriding them for only working eight days in April and is trying to push them into a little bit more effort than eight days. So we’ll have to see.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: “Trump Spurs GOP to Tweak Health Bill Before Leaving Town — The White House prodded House Republican leaders to make last-minute tweaks to their Obamacare replacement bill Thursday aimed at protecting high-cost patients before lawmakers leave Washington for their two-week spring break.”Congress is gonna work eight days this month, a grand total of eight days.  “The House Rules Committee will meet later in the day to consider an amendment offered by two House members to create a new risk-sharing fund for the seriously ill, House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters at a news conference” today. But the point of this story is that Trump is goosing ’em.  The other part of the story is that Ryan is taking a backseat to Pence in this latest Obamacare effort. I don’t think that’s anything really new.  I think Mike Pence is one of the prime movers and shakers on this.  I think he’s been actively involved.  And if that’s the case, you can be fairly confident…I mean, Mike Pence? You’re not gonna find, in this bunch, a more qualified and committed conservative to these kinds of issues.








WordPress.com is an easy, hassel-free way to set up a website or a blog for free. Millions of users on WordPress.com are also using Eventbrite, so we've teamed up with WordPress.com to create an integration that makes your life easier, by making it dead simple to keep your event information synced to your WordPress.com site.Update: May 12, 2015!You can now integrate your Eventbrite Events into any theme on WordPress.com.  You can add a list of your events, include a registration widget and have it applied to any page in your site.  There are two Eventbrite themes that you can apply to your WordPress.com site. A theme for event organizers with one event and a theme for event organizers with multiple events. In addition to the two custom themes, we've also built a widget that any WordPress.com user can add to their site to pull in a list of their upcoming events.The Eventbrite integration for WordPress comes in 3 different forms. You can use one of two themes (the multi-event theme or the single-event theme) or the widget. The widget can be used with any other theme.








According to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives back home. The fee will only be imposed on money sent to the countries responsible for undocumented immigration.A group of House Republicans introduced the bill on Thursday. It is the first major effort to fund President Trump’s border wall. Supporters say the government could collect billions of dollars by imposing the few. Though estimates vary, remittances from immigrants in the U.S. to their relatives back home could top $130 billion a year, meaning that the tax could net more than $2 billion a year.“This bill is simple—anyone who sends their money to countries that benefit from our porous borders and illegal immigration should be responsible for providing some of the funds needed to complete the wall,” Rep. Mike Rogers of Alabama said in a statement. “This bill keeps money in the American economy, and most importantly, it creates a funding stream to build the wall,” Rogers added. In addition to Rogers, the measure is being led by Rep.  Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania in response to Mexican authorities’ claims that they do not intend to pay for the wall. NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoSusan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election. “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoObama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIn a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIf bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoJoy Behar, liberal co-host of The View, has spent months bashing Donald Trump on live television. Now, many viewers have finally decided they have had enough. This week, Behar went…








Susan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election.“The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes,” Rice explained. “That is absolutely false. But Former CIA operations officer Scott Uehlinger disagrees, reminding us that while Rice did not technically break the law, she broke the “spirit on which the laws were designed.”“I think it’s an issue which deeply concerns people like myself, and other people, working-level officers in the intel community,” Uehlinger explained. “Even though at this point, there seems to be no evidence of breaking the law, this ‘unmasking’ of people was ill-advised at best. I think it really shows that abuse of power and the fact that many people in the Obama administration were willing to violate the spirit of the laws designed to protect Americans, perhaps rather than the law itself.”“As a working-level CIA officer, we were also told my upper authority, you’re always told to—and the quote it—‘avoid the appearance of impropriety,’” Uehlinger explained. “Well, this does not pass that smell test, definitely.”Check out the full interview below and tell us what you think. Is it time for Rice to come clean? NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoAccording to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoObama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIn a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIf bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoJoy Behar, liberal co-host of The View, has spent months bashing Donald Trump on live television. Now, many viewers have finally decided they have had enough. This week, Behar went…








Obama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former Obama State Department official David Tafuri denied the proof against Rice. Instead, he tried to shift gears to the Russia allegations.Carlson didn’t let him get away with the red herring, asking why Rice looked into the campaign of Hillary’s opponent in the middle of an election. “That looks political to me,” Carlson noted. “Why in the world could she possibly be unmasking the names of people in the campaign against her preferred candidate?” “What’s this about?” Carlson demanded. “We all assume we know Russia ‘hacked’ the election and I’m just asking you: Why has not one person—not one and I do this every single night—characterized exactly what this means?” “I’m getting very frustrated,” he continued. “I don’t know what it means to hack an election. I don’t know exactly what they did to constitute a crime so severe that you’d have to spy on the Trump campaign to prove it.”“Tucker, hacked into the DNC’s emails and they leaked those emails out in a strategic way to impact the election,” Tafuri responded, clearly agitated.NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoAccording to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives…NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoSusan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election. “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIn a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIf bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoJoy Behar, liberal co-host of The View, has spent months bashing Donald Trump on live television. Now, many viewers have finally decided they have had enough. This week, Behar went…








In a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to Washington DC to coerce children into smearing the president.“We’ve got a new president—you all know who the new president is, right?” Halperin asked in a recent segment. “And so a lot of people in the country are talking about that. One word to describe President Trump?”The responses from the 5th-grade classroom were truly shocking: crazy, business, disrespectful, trouble, rude, interesting, rich, complicated, careless, confused, inexperienced. Clearly, these words are the result of what their parents are teaching us.“What do you think he’s done so far as president?” Halperin asked. “He’s started the process of building a wall,” one young girl answered. “You like that or you don’t like that?” Halperin asked, to which the girl shook her head.“Not all of the people who come in illegally are bad, but some of them will bring in, like, drugs and other stuff,” one boy bravely pushed back.Halperin only continued with his loaded questions. What do you think? Is this absolutely outrageous? Here's a longer version of my talk w/ some very smart 5th graders about @realDonaldTrump's first 100 days on @SHO_TheCircus pic.twitter.com/jg2fuje1gB— Mark Halperin (@MarkHalperin) April 3, 2017NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoAccording to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives…NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoSusan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election. “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoObama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIf bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoJoy Behar, liberal co-host of The View, has spent months bashing Donald Trump on live television. Now, many viewers have finally decided they have had enough. This week, Behar went…








If bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in a heroic rags-to-riches story. Instead, she has been vilified by the mainstream media simply for supporting her husband.According to the UK Independent, more than 500,000 people have signed a petition demanding that Melania either moves into the White House or pay for her own security costs in New York City. Melania has been living in Trump Tower with her son Barron so that he can finish fourth grade. She plans to relocate to the White House in June. “The US taxpayer is paying an exorbitant amount of money to protect the First Lady in Trump Tower, located in New York City,” the petition reads. “As to help relieve the national debt, this expense yields no positive results for the nation and should be cut from being funded.” The petition has surpassed its goal for signatures and has been sent to the U.S. Senate. “Every first lady has lived in the White House,” on petition signer noted. “We pay enough for Trump’s golf trips.”It’s interesting that these petitioners were silent when the Obamas were using taxpayers to fund their lavish vacations—but sadly, that’s hypocrisy we’ve come to expect. NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoAccording to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives…NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoSusan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election. “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoObama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIn a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoJoy Behar, liberal co-host of The View, has spent months bashing Donald Trump on live television. Now, many viewers have finally decided they have had enough. This week, Behar went…








Joy Behar, liberal co-host of The View, has spent months bashing Donald Trump on live television. Now, many viewers have finally decided they have had enough. This week, Behar went so far as to question Trump’s mental stability, calling him ‘nuts’ and arguing that he needs to be ‘taken out of office.’“Everybody face it, he needs to be taken out of office,” Behar said. “He needs to be impeached. He is a menace. You say Kim Jong—what do you call him—Kim Jong-yum-yum Is crazy? So is he. So is he. Let’s get real. Come on. He is nuts and we’re in the middle of it.” Shortly after the segment, the public took to Twitter to make it clear they are tired of Behar’s attacks. “Joy Behar is a NUTCASE! She needs to be removed from @TheView I am so sick of her bashing President Trump. No longer watch The View…” @LinBmeTx tweeted. “& I say Joy Behar is beyond NUTS & needs to be taken OFF the air & put on meds or SOMETHING,” @1SupremeGoddess wrote. What do you think? Do you agree that Behar should be fired? NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoAccording to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives…NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoSusan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election. “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoObama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIn a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIf bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in…








During last year’s presidential election, then-First Lady Michelle Obama criticized Donald Trump for his “locker room talk.” It didn’t take long for the public to remind her that she had hosted vulgar music stars and rappers whose song lyrics were far more offensive than anything Trump has ever said.“It’s not locker room talk,” Michelle said at the time. “I don’t know men who talk that way. Decent men do not talk that way. What Trump was talking about was sexual assault.” Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh did not let that comment go by without calling Michelle out for her hypocrisy.“Men brag, and she is telling people that she doesn’t know men who brag. You know the people that have been to the White House?” Limbaugh said. “How about some of the rappers that talk about their b***** and their hoes have performed such lyrics in the White House? But she doesn’t know men who talk and sing about sexual assault.” Limbaugh then transitioned to remind the public of a “sermon” hosted by the Obamas’ former pastor, Rev. Jeremiah Wright. “Yeah, I guess Michelle Obama wasn’t there when the Rev. Wright was talking about Bill Clinton,” he said. “You remember what Rev. Wright said about Bill Clinton, Monica Lewinsky?… ‘And Bill and Monica Lewinsky was riding dirty. Yeah, chickens have come home to roost, baby.’ ‘Bill was riding dirty,’ and the population, the congregation went nuts.” What do you think? Are you happy Michelle is out of the White House once and for all? NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoAccording to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives…NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoSusan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election. “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoObama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIn a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIf bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in…








On Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a different color onto the historic walls as a symbol. Though President Donald Trump has been a vocal supporter of law enforcement, he didn’t go “blue” in honor police. Instead, he was honoring World Autism Awareness Day.“I call upon all Americans to learn more about the signs of autism to improve early diagnosis, understand the challenges faced by those with autism spectrum disorders, and to do what they can to support individuals with autism spectrum disorders and their families,” Trump said on Friday. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Trump was keeping a promise to the late wife of his friend Bob Wright. Wright is the former president and CEO of NBC. In 2005, he and his wife Suzanne co-founded the non-profit Autism Speaks. The pair were the grandparents of a child with autism and were passionate about raising funds for research and awareness. Suzanne Wright died in 2016. According to Spicer, Trump had promised her that he would illuminate the White House blue if he ever won the election.The “Light It Up Blue” began seven years ago, but this is the first time the White House has participated. NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoAccording to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives…NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoSusan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election. “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoObama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIn a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIf bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in…








The O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers who have backed out includes: Mercedes-Benz, Hyundai, BMW of North America, Mitsubishi Motors, Lexus, Constant Contact, Bayer, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, Orkin, UNTUCKit, Allstate, Esurance, T. Rowe Price, Credit Karma, Wayfair—and the list goes on. The action comes after a report was released about five settlements with women who alleged sexual harassment or verbal abuse by O’Reilly. In a sudden sweep, the most popular show on cable news and its network, Fox News, could be facing serious financial damage.“We value our partners and are working with them to address their current concerns about the O’Reilly Factor,” Paul Rittenberg, the executive vice president of advertising sales at Fox News commented. The statement implies that the companies’ decisions haven’t hurt Fox’s bottom line yet. But the damage goes deeper than the dollar amount. On Tuesday, Hyundai said it is not advertising on “The O’Reilly Factor” because of the “recent and disturbing allegations.” The statement also noted that they will “continue to evaluation the situation” before moving forward with future advertising decisions.On Sunday, The New York Times reported that settlements totaling $13 million had been reached with five women who accused O’Reilly of inappropriate behavior. O’Reilly did not address the claims on his show Monday night. Over the weekend, 21st Century Fox said it “takes matters of workplace behavior very seriously” but stood by O’Reilly. Social media users have been pressuring companies to boycott the network and the show. Experts suspect more companies and brands will follow suit. “The O’Reilly Factor” generated $446 million in ad revenue between 2014 and 2016. At a press conference on Monday, attorney Linda Bloom, who represents one of the accusers, criticized with O’Reilly claim that he was a “target” of lawsuits—claiming he was “whining.” What do you think? NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoAccording to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives…NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoSusan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election. “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoObama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIn a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIf bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in…








Democrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader from a wealthy district in northern California.  Pelosi represents everything that is wrong with the detached Democratic Party. That’s a problem that many suspect is own getting worse as she gets older. Recently, Pelosi was being interviewed by Anderson Cooper on CNN when he asked her, “Who is the leader of the Democratic Party?”  “Well, President Obama was the president of the United States until just a matter of weeks ago,” Pelosi responded. “I don’t think that he can be dismissed as the leader of the Democratic Party. Hillary Clinton did not win the election, but a respected leader.” Things only got more bizarre from there.“We have leaders for all different aspects of it,” she continued. “The Democratic Party is a congressional party, and we have members in Congress. It is a gubernatorial party.” “But on the state level,” Cooper said, giving Pelosi a chance to recoup. “It is a party which has suffered tremendous losses in the last couple of years under President Obama.”“It has, but we have a plan to address that,” Pelosi insisted. What do you think of Pelosi’s comments? NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoAccording to reports, members of the GOP have just introduced a bill that will impose a 2% fee on the money immigrants in the United States send to their relatives…NEWS / by American News -  10 hours agoSusan Rice has already been exposed, yet she continues to deny that she spied on President Trump during his election. “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoObama official Susan Rice was recently caught red-handed spying on President Donald Trump’s campaign—and yet the mainstream media continues to deny it. In a recent interview with Tucker Carlson, former…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIn a truly disturbing move, NBC has just used school children to make anti-Trump propaganda. Mark Halperin, a senior political analyst for NBC and NBC, reportedly made a trip to…NEWS / by American News -  19 hours agoIf bitter liberals could finally get over Hillary Clinton’s loss, they would see that Melania Trump is an inspiration—an immigrant who rose from nothing to become our First Lady in…








The Pentagon is in detailed discussions with the White House about military options in Syria.According to a US official, this could include grounding Syrian aircraft and cruise missile strikes.President Donald Trump is being briefed on the full range of military options after the White House blamed the Syrian government for the alleged chemical attack in Idlib province earlier this week.Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the US was “considering an appropriate response” and added there was “no doubt” President Assad was behind the attack.He also called on Russia, a key ally of Assad, to reconsider its support for his regime.Asked if the US will lead a regime change effort in Syria, Tillerson said that “those steps are underway.”Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, who must be rubbing their hands with glee, said Assad “has crossed a line” and “must pay a punitive cost for this horrific attack”.RT reports:Among the options would be using cruise missiles to attack Syrian targets and “grounding” Syrian aircraft, an unnamed US official told Reuters on Thursday. The official did not say how likely US military action would be, however.Secretary of Defense James Mattis and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster have been discussing the matter, the official said. Mattis is due to meet with Trump later in the day at the president’s Mar-a-Lago retreat, where a summit meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping is underway.Speaking with reporters aboard Air Force One, Trump said that “something should happen” with Assad after the chemical attack, calling what happened in Syria “a disgrace to humanity.”“There is no doubt in our minds, and the information we have supports, that the Syrian regime under the leadership of Bashar al-Assad are responsible for this attack,” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters in Florida on Thursday, adding that “there is no role for Assad” in Syria after this.Tillerson also warned Russia that it should “consider carefully their support” for Assad.








Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that he was deeply distressed over photographs he saw of dead Syrian children following the alleged chemical attack in Idlib earlier this week.Of course he blames the Syrian president Assad for the incident.“When I saw pictures of babies suffocating from a chemical attack in Syria, I was shocked and outraged,” Netanyahu said, adding “There’s no, none, no excuse whatsoever for the deliberate attacks on civilians and on children, especially with cruel and outlawed chemical weapons.”Benjamin Netanyahu, the same war criminal that attacked Gaza w/ white phosphorus, wants to talk about chemical weapons in Syria. HYPOCRISY. pic.twitter.com/Bal5fy8cTT— Ameera (@ameeritalsham) April 4, 2017 President Putin however, slammed Netanyahu over his“groundless” accusations concerning the alleged chemical weapons incidentHe has basically said that the Israeli Prime Minister needs to chill and stop hyperventilating about how the “international community” needs to march into Syria and get rid of Assad.As Russia Insider points out:Yes, Netanyahu has a great track record when it comes to being shocked and outraged about brown Muslim kids getting killed. This is beyond question.Putin didn’t buy it though, for some odd reason. RT reports:Russian President Vladimir Putin told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a telephone conversation that it was unacceptable to make “groundless” accusations concerning the alleged chemical weapons incident that took place in Syria earlier this week.Of course, if Israel is so insistent on Syria being deprived of the chemical weapons it doesn’t have, Netanyahu could always send in the jets to bomb “Hezbollah” again. Probably suicidal, but “you only live once”.Let’s return to Netanyahu for a moment:“I call on the international community to fulfill its obligation from 2013 to fully and finally remove these horrible weapons from Syria,” he continued.Funny he should mention it. A valued RI reader, George Zah, just sent us this: You made Putin angry, and everyone knows you’re lying: Your move, Netanyahu.








President Donald Trump has opened the door to military action in Syria after branding the alleged chemical attack an ‘affront to humanity’ that ‘crossed a lot of lines’Trump said the ‘horrible, horrible’ sarin gas attack that killed small children and ‘beautiful babies’ had a ‘big impact’ on him and he was changing his position about the Syrian President after saying last week it was no longer a ‘priority’ to get Assad out.Trump did not disclose his plans for possible military action but did declare ‘flexibility”When asked if he would take new action, Trump said “You will see”The Mail Online reports:Trump upped the ante in a Rose Garden press conference after having said earlier in the day that the the chemical weapons attack is a ‘terrible affront to humanity.’‘My attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed very much,’ Trump declared, suggesting with the statement that he may be reconsidering his directive to US diplomats to take their focus off removing Bashar al-Assad from power.The ‘horrible, horrible’ sarin gas attack that killed small children and ‘beautiful babies’ had a ‘big impact’ on the president, who declared Wednesday that the attack ‘crossed a lot of lines.’‘When you kill innocent children, innocent babies…with a chemical gas that is so lethal…that crosses many, many lines. Beyond a red line,’ Trump said, making reference to Barack Obama’s infamous 2012 threat to Assad.Obama warned Assad at the end of his first term that there would be consequences if he administered chemical weapons against his own people. Once reelected, Obama did not follow through.As his time in office came to an end, Obama said the situation ‘haunts me constantly’ and that he wonders if there was ‘some move’ he could have made to broker peace.Trump said Wednesday that Obama’s ‘blank threat’ to Assad ‘set us back a long way.’‘I think the Obama administration had a great opportunity to solve this,’ he told a reporter asking about his predecessor and his ‘red line’ during an afternoon news conference. ‘It was a great opportunity missed.’A written statement on Tuesday placed blame for the attack squarely on Obama’s shoulders, and Trump’s spokesman claimed during an off-camera briefing that it had nothing to do with this administration’s approach to the conflict.Trump took ownership of the conflict at his Wednesday press conference, proclaiming from the White House’s Rose Garden, ‘I now have responsibility. And I will have that responsibility and carry it very proudly.’But I’ll tell you, that responsibility could’ve…been made a lot easier if it was handled years ago,’ the president added.Trump reflected on the difference between his approach and the one he was criticizing, and said, ‘I like to think of myself as a very flexible person. I don’t have to have one specific way.’He did not want to say in front of the cameras how he plans to respond to the crisis.‘I don’t like to say where I’m going and what I’m doing,’ Trump reminded. ‘I watched past administrations say, “We will attack at such-and- such a day, at such-and-such an hour.’Looks like Trump is saying he now has ‘Responsibility’ to start WWIII in Syria








The former London Mayor Ken Livingstone has defended his Hitler comments as being the truth.He said that he will not apologize for the alleged anti-Semitic comments which cost him a temporary suspension from the Labour Party on Tuesday.Senior Labour figures, from deputy leader Tom Watson to former leader Ed Miliband and  the current London mayor Sadiq Khan, said he should have been expelled from the party.Mr Livingstone has always insisted that he was simply speaking the “truth.”RT reports:Shortly after a Labour disciplinary panel upheld anti-Semitic charges against him, the former London mayor said we would not apologize for his remarks made in April last year regarding Hitler and Zionism.Livingstone sparked outcry when he said Nazi leader Adolf Hitler initially supported Zionism before “he went mad and ended up killing 6 million Jews.”Speaking on LBC radio on Wednesday, Livingstone said: “My job is to tell the truth and I’m going to keep at it until the day I pop my clogs.”Meanwhile, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said the former London mayor’s incapacity to apologize and “grossly insensitive” comments could make him liable for “further disciplinary action.”“It is deeply disappointing that, despite his long record of standing up to racism, Ken has failed to acknowledge or apologize for the hurt he has caused,” Corbyn said in a statement.“Many people are understandably upset that he has continued to make offensive remarks which could open him to further disciplinary action.”Corbyn urged Livingstone to fight racism and help Labour win the next general election.Asked whether he thought Livingstone, who has been a Labour Party member for 50 years, should take part in local council elections, the left-wing leader said: “I think with Ken it is best he keeps quiet for a while.”But Livingstone said during the LBC interview that Corbyn was pushed to make the statement by “forces” in and out of Labour.Corbyn’s statement comes as Britain’s main opposition party faces fierce backlash over its decision to merely suspend Livingstone for his comments rather than expel him altogether.Labour deputy leader Tom Watson said he finds it “incomprehensible” that Livingstone has not been expelled from the party.He also said he agrees with Chief Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis, who said Labour has “failed the Jewish Community.”“It isn’t just Jewish people who feel disgusted and offended by what Mr Livingstone said and by the way he has conducted himself over this matter,” Watson wrote on Twitter. He said it had “failed its members” and that it is falling short of “its commitment to have a zero tolerance approach to anti-Semitism.”Livingstone has repeatedly refused to apologize for his claims that the leader of the Third Reich made a “deal with the Zionists.”He told reporters straight after the hearing on Tuesday that he cannot apologize for speaking the truth.“If I’d said Hitler was a Zionist, I would say sorry. You can’t apologize for telling the truth.“I apologize for the offense caused by those Labour MPs who lied.“In the weeks after I was suspended I had hundreds of people stopping me in the street saying, ‘Don’t give in.’”Labour MP Wes Streeting hit back at Livingstone for failing to apologize.“Your poor judgement, crass remarks and lack of apology brings the Labour Party into disrepute,” the MP said, according to the BBC.Shami Chakrabarti, who chaired the investigation after being appointed to the House of Lords by Corbyn, also suggested the ex-mayor may risk further scrutiny.Shami Chakrabarti suggests Ken Livingstone could be investigated again by Labour and pleads with him to keep quiet pic.twitter.com/KwEvUz0jvC— Richard Woodward (@WoodwardRJ) April 5, 2017The row comes amid wider criticism that Corbyn, who has long campaigned for Palestinian rights, is causing an anti-Semitism problem within the party.








The British Prime Minister has been presented with Saudi Arabia’s  highest civilian honor.Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud presented the Order of King Abdulaziz to  Theresa May on Wednesday during talks held in the al-Yamamah palace in Riyadh.May received her ‘honor’ as British-supplied bombs continue to rain on Yemeni civilians during Riyadh’s war on the impoverished Arab country. Press TV reports:The order is named after the founder of the kingdom, Abdulaziz Al Saud, and is bestowed to citizens of Saudi Arabia and foreigners for meritorious service.During the meeting, current bilateral relations and ways the increase ties in all fields were discussed.Salam also held a luncheon banquet for the visiting British premier which was also attended by several Saudi dignitaries and the British ambassador to Saudi Arabia Simon Collis.On Tuesday, May met with Saudi Arabia’s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef after arriving in the kingdom following a trip to Jordan, where she discussed the expansion of bilateral ties with King Abdullah II.May’s visit comes at a time when the UK is under pressure to halt its arms sales to Saudi Arabia, which is engaged in a military aggression against Yemen.According to Amnesty international, since the onset of the war in 2015, the US and the UK have sold over $5 billion worth of weapons to the Riyadh regime, more than 10 times the $450 million they have allegedly spent to help save Yemeni civilians.








As the mainstream media officially admit that geoengineering experiments are being conducted in the US and UK, President Putin has a warning for the public: “These experiments represent a threat against humanity.“Vladimir Putin has officially been “vindicated” by recent news reports that Western elites are spraying chemtrails into the atmosphere, saying “I don’t know what I have to to do to get through to these people.”Putin was speaking at the an event for the Russian Geographical Society, an organization long supported by the Russian president. During a brief press conference Putin made reference to the blatant official cover-up of the global climate engineering assault, raising an eyebrow as he said, “Apparently they are calling them ‘aerosol cloud formations’ now”.Putin was referring to news in Western media concerning the $20 million Harvard University project that will send aerosol injections up into the earth’s stratosphere, in the world’s first openly acknowledged chemtrails experiment on the public.But according to Putin, Western governments have been experimenting on their people for years. Less than a month ago Putin blasted governments for lying to their people about geoengineering.Speaking at a charity fundraiser in his home town St. Petersburg in February, Putin set himself on a collision course with Western governments, saying, “It is remarkable the American government are still refusing to acknowledge their operations. The scientific data is there for all to see. How can people demand regulations and controls on operations if the government won’t admit these operations exist? It is insulting to people’s intelligence.”Now, in late March, with news of Harvard University’s public study, it seems Putin was right all along. They can use mainstream media to re-name them “aerosol cloud formations” if they want, but the simple fact is they are experimenting on us with chemtrails.According to Putin these operations pose a “monumental threat” to the earth’s biota and are “not only offensive, but against nature.”Putin, who is fundamentally opposed to climate engineering programs, is said to be “deeply concerned” about the “uneducated risks” being taken by Western corporations, and sanctioned by Western governments, all in pursuit of control of the population and profit.Putin was asked if Western governments’ atmospheric spraying operations and weather manipulation programs represent the “greatest assault on the earth’s life and health…in human history.”The Russian president said it does not matter if it is “the greatest threat, or the second greatest threat, or the third. What matters is that it is an assault. It is a serious assault. It is not only offensive, it is against nature.”Flying close to the sunThe feeling in Russia is that Western governments and corporations are flying too close to the sun. But the problem is that they won’t be the only ones to get burnt – the earth as a whole will suffer the consequences of their actions.As evidence emerges that geoengineering and climate manipulation is damaging the ozone layer, the fear is that the earth will reach a crisis point and will not be able to recover. The poisoned earth, like an incurably diseased body, will be left to die.The alternative, according to Putin, is the same as it always has been. Simple, respectful treatment of the earth, water systems, and air.Asked if he would advise against his citizens spending time in heavily sprayed areas of the world, Putin said he would not tell people where to enjoy their holidays. “But I do encourage people to educate themselves on this issue and make intelligent decisions.”








A lonely and desperate 31-year-old Chinese artificial intelligence whiz has created a custom humanoid sex robot and married it.A former employee of Chinese multinational telecoms firm Huawei, Zheng left the company in 2014; last year, he joined the Internet village of Dream Town—12 granaries transformed into an incubation center.The sad case engineer named his Stepford Wife Yingying and wed her in a “simple ceremony” on Friday, the South China Morning Post reported, citing the Qianjiang Evening News. Guests to the wedding ceremony included Zheng’s (weeping) mother and bemused friends.A lobotomized “woman,” Yingying can identify Chinese characters and images, and say a few words, such as ‘yes.’For the nuptials, she was dressed in a smart black suit and white strappy heels, with her head covered by a red scarf—an old Chinese wedding ritual.Zheng reportedly intends to upgrade his 66-pound robot “wife” with the ability to walk and help with household chores. Because that’s what married women do.The union, of course, is probably not entirely legal.The Marriage Law of the People’s Republic of China, adopted in 1980, states right off the bat that “a marriage system based on the free choice of partners … shall be applied.” It’s hard to believe the insentient Yingying, who can’t even speak complete sentences, consented to the coupling.It doesn’t help Zheng’s case that “no marriage may be contracted before … the woman [has reached] 20 years of age”: Yingying was “born” in late 2016, making her less than 12 months old, and he a potential pedophile.Zheng isn’t the only sad case to fulfill his life goals by building a personal sex robot. Last year, Hong Kong-based Ricky Ma spent 18 months and more than $50,000 creating robo-Scarlett Johansson. According to Netease, the robot look-alike can move its arms and legs, form detailed facial expressions, and respond to verbal commands.








By revealing top secret and classified information for political purposes in their battle against Donald Trump, Barack Obama and Susan Rice committed felonies, Judge Napolitano said on Fox Business News on Tuesday.“The use of intelligence data, which is Top Secret/Classified, for political purposes is a scandal and a tragedy worse than Watergate,” Judge Napolitano said. “The more of this that comes out, and the more the public knows, the more the public will see the campaign of President Obama and his colleagues to undermine the presidency of Donald Trump using the intelligence community as an instrument.”“The revelation of Top Secret information for political purposes, that’s called A FELONY,” Judge Napolitano roared.Make no mistake, the former administration is shaking in their boots along with their cronies on the Hill because they expected Hillary to be President. If that happened, their corruption and abuses of power would have been covered up, and the consolidation of power would have been complete.But that didn’t happen. The people spoke and the Obama-Clinton crime cabal is slowly but surely starting to unravel.The crimes uncovered will be plenty and epic and Democrats will continue to squeal and rat on their former colleagues. The show has just begun. CNN and mainstream media won’t be able to keep their viewers heads in the sand for much longer.Take a look at this image of CNN’s front page. Look at the level of coverage CNN have been providing to the scandal others including Judge Napolitano are calling “worse than Watergate” – a single article, hidden among the margins:Talk about “Very Fake News.” This type of blatant suppression of truth is why the whole operation is accurately called a crime cabal. The Bush-Clinton-Obama-corporate media crime cabal.They are mafia families who own the mayors, judges, DA and police, and most of all, the mainstream media. Bringing them down is going to be an uphill struggle, but the first, and hardest, step has already been taken.Defeating Hillary at the polls was the first step.All this talk of Trump being “controlled opposition” is nonsense. This past election was supposed to go to Hillary in a Jeb Bush/Hillary contest. And this country would have gone globalist and third world.








A high school experiment by five 9th grade girls in Denmark is attracting international attention after proving WiFi signals can have a devastating impact on health. The results of the experiment were so shocking the girls have all sworn not to sleep with their mobile phones or devices near their heads, and vowed to turn computers off when they are not in use.Researchers from England, Holland and Sweden have shown great interest in the five girls’ biology experiments.Dr DK reports: Take 400 Cress seeds and place them into 12 trays. Then place six trays in two rooms at the same temperature. Give them the same amount of water and sun over 12 days, and remember to expose half of them to mobile WiFi radiation.It is a recipe for a biology test so brilliant that it has attracted international attention among acknowledged biologists and radiation experts. Behind the experiment are five girls from 9b in Hjallerup School in North Jutland, and it all started because they found it difficult to concentrate during the school day:“We all think we have experienced difficulty concentrating in school, if we had slept with the phone next to our head, and sometimes also experienced having difficulty sleeping”, explains Lea Nielsen, who is one of the five aspiring researchers.The school was not equipped to test the effect of mobile phone radiation on them. Therefore, the girls had to find an alternative. And the answer was Cress.Six trays of seeds were put into a room without radiation, and six trays were put into another room next to two WiFi routers. Such routers broadcast the same type of radiation as an ordinary mobile.Healthy cressThen it was just necessary to wait 12 days, observe, measure, weigh and take pictures along the way. And the result spoke was clear: cress seeds next to the router did not grow, and some of them were even mutated or dead. “It is truly frightening that there is so much affect, so we were very shocked by the result”, says Lea Nielsen.Unhealthy CressReactions The experiment secured the girls the finals in the competition “Young Scientists”, but it was only the beginning. Renowned scientists from England, Holland and Sweden have since shown great interest in the girls’ project so far.The renowned professor at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Olle Johansson, is one of the impressed researchers. He will now repeat the experiment with a Belgian research colleague, Professor Marie-Claire Cammaert at the Université libre de Bruxelles, for the trial, according to him, is absolutely brilliant:“The girls stayed within the scope of their knowledge, skilfully implemented and developed a very elegant experiment. The wealth of detail and accuracy is exemplary, choosing cress was very intelligent, and I could go on”, he says.He is not slow to send them an invitation to go on the road:“I sincerely hope that they spend their future professional life in researching, because I definitely think they have a natural aptitude for it. Personally, I would love to see these people in my team!”No mobile WiFi by the bedThe five girls from northern Jutland have not yet decided their future careers. They are still very surprised by all the sudden attention.“It has been such a rollercoaster ride. I still cannot believe it”, says Lea Nielsen.And Mathilde Nielsen added:“It’s totally overwhelming and exciting. It’s just not something you experience every day”.But there have also been other consequences of the cress trial, which is quite low-tech in nature.“None of us sleep with the mobile next to the bed anymore. Either the phone is put far away, or it is put in another room. And the computer is always off”, says Lea Nielsen.








Two students at the University of California have “threatened” to “cut off” their penises if President Trump presses ahead with plans to erect the US-Mexico border wall.The bizarre, self-defeating protest seems to be catching on, as four students at the University of Washington have also threatened to remove their reproductive anatomy if Trump fulfills the campaign promise that got him democratically elected.Washington Sophomore Trent Griliphaen said he was inspired by the movement at The University of California, and that he thinks that Trump’s construction of the wall is “just an extension of his penis, and an expression of patriarchal rape culture.”“Really, by building the wall, we are raping the Mexican people, and I am no longer willing to be a perpetrator of rape culture. If I remove my penis, I am making a statement that I reject this mentality.”Griliphaen was apparently the first student at UW to embrace this movement, and according to him, he has inspired three other male students to commit to emasculating themselves when construction of the new border wall commences.“I heard about what was happening in California, and new that this kind of movement could gain traction up here – we are a progressive state,” Griliphaen said.I kind of feel guilty, I’m removing my penis, but one of the other guys is going to castrate himself, and he’s even considering taking off a couple of fingers.”I hereby nominate Trent Griliphaen and his liberal college comrades for the Darwin Award. By removing their reproductive organs, the human gene pool can only be improved.“The Darwin Awards salute the improvement of the human genome by honoring those who 
accidentally remove themselves from it…”In other news worthy of Darwin Award nominations, it has become fashionable on Twitter for liberals to pledge “not to have children” in order to protest President Trump. What a shame, huh – no liberal children being born for the foreseeable future.Well, I guess im not going to have any kids for 4 years bc I refuse for my children to be born into a country ran by donald fucking trump— Kymber (@KymiFowler) January 20, 2017I'm not going to have kids because I wouldn't want them to suffer through climate change-something trump supporters deny or don't care about— Will Vercammen (@GrimmieXII) December 1, 2016I'm not having kids. No way im going to bring a life into the hell whole Donald trump will have created by then.— Miss.D (@makaylachavez03) November 9, 2016I'm 100% against having kids now. I love my unborn children so much that I'd rather have them never be born than to live in this world— PIMP IN DISKRESS (@KATMANGUZ) November 9, 2016we got transwomen competing against real women yup the end is near if trump becomes president I'm not going to have kids.— Persephone's Horn♈ (@lortears) March 5, 2016Way to go, guys! Keep up the protest! On a long enough timeline, this means liberals will die out altogether.








“Conservative” has become a dirty word in American mainstream media. ESPN are the latest media outlet to destroy the career of a star who dares to express conservative values, demoting Sage Steele from her position as host after a series of comments critical of leftists.MSN report: Veteran basketball analyst Sage Steele, who has courted controversy with her conservative comments on social media, will be replaced by Michelle Beadle as host of “NBA Countdown” on both ESPN and ABC, the networks announced Tuesday.Steele, 44, has been with the “Worldwide Leader in Sports” for a decade, but found herself in hot water recently as she weighed in on some hot button issues.She took to Instagram in January to complain about crowds protesting President Trump’s travel ban.“So THIS is why thousands of us dragged luggage nearly 2 miles to get to LAX, but still missed our flights,” she captioned a photo of a demonstrators at Los Angeles International Airport.She also blasted NFL players who chose to kneel during the national anthem and cut short an interview with Arcade Fire’s Win Butler when he began to voice his political opinion after last year’s celebrity All-Star game.In February, Steele, who is biracial, caused another stir when she shared her experiences with racism at a Christian forum in Tampa.“The worst racism that I have received [as a biracial woman married to a white man], and I mean thousands and thousands over the years, is from black people, who in my mind thought would be the most accepting because there has been that experience,” she said during a conference on race at the Crossing Church. “But even as recent as the last couple of weeks, the words that I have had thrown at me I can’t repeat here, and it’s 99% from people with my skin color.”Social media users, who have taken Steele to task over her conservative commentary, had a field day with her demotion.“I guess ESPN was fed up with Sage Steele. Lord knows we are too,” tweeted @ceonelly.“ Yeah I was finally done with Sage Steele when she complained about being “inconvenienced” by the protesters during the Muslim ban. #girlbye,” wrote @nikki2002h.








Hollywood filmmaker Michael Moore issued an alarming warning to fans Tuesday, claiming that humans now face extinction because of Donald Trump. The liberal extremist posted the dire warning on his social media accounts on Tuesday, claiming that March 28, 2017 would be remembered as the day that Trump began the process of wiping out humans from the face of the Earth.In an insane post to his Facebook page, the ageing Clinton supporter accused Trump of declaring a “war on the planet” following Trump’s signing of an executive order Tuesday rolling back several Obama regulations.“Historians in the near future (because that may be the only future we have) will mark today, March 28, 2017, as the day the extinction of human life on earth began,” Moore ranted to his followers.“This is a defining moment in the history of mankind. By signing these executive orders today, Trump is declaring an act of war on the planet and its inhabitants,” he said. “The one silver lining here is that Trump can’t kill the planet; the planet wants to live and has a long history of wiping out any real or perceived threats.”Zerohedge.com reports:Trump has signed orders killing all of Obama's climate change regulations. The EPA is prohibited henceforth from focusing on climate change.— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) March 28, 2017But he was not done… as he sees the most dire outcome from this terrifying regulatory roll-back…Historians in the near future will mark today, March 28, 2017, as the day the extinction of human life on earth began, thanks 2 Donald Trump— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) March 28, 2017So to be clear, global humanity is destined for extinction because America decides to unwind some burdensome regulations? Perhaps we should be more worried…Judging his remarks literally, it seems the liberal fanatic believes that historians will survive the coming human extinction (in order to mark the event).Of course, what Mr. Moore perhaps is missing that if indeed President Trump’s cunning plan is human extinction, then this is a truly progressive agenda since the end of humanity would surely be great for the environment.








Former leader of NAACP, Rachel Dolezal, has told the BBC that she is now officially ‘transracial’ – meaning that she has transitioned from white to African American.In a bizarre interview with the BBCs Newsnight show Dolezal, 39, claims that “the idea of race is a lie,” and says that ethnicity is not biological.The notion that race could be a social construct, flies in the face of everything biologists have learned about humans in the last few hundred years.Dailymail.co.uk reports:Following the interview, Twitter users criticized Dolezal’s comments, accusing her of using ‘white privilege’ to make her arguments.Dolezal, from Spokane, Washington, said in the interview: ‘Gender is understood – we’ve progressed, we’ve evolved to understanding that gender is not binary.’   She added: ‘It’s not even biological. But what strikes me as so odd is that race isn’t biological either.‘And actually race has been to some extent less biological than gender, if you really think about history and our bodies.‘There isn’t, like, white blood and black blood.’Critics online said that Dolezal was using cultural appropriation to become a black woman, and that Dolezal wanted to ‘steal things from other cultures to be trendy’.One person said that people can’t ‘become black’ because ‘at any moment what “makes” blackness can be erased’.Some argued that the idea of being ‘transracial’ was ‘only available to white people’.This isn’t the first time Dolezal compared acting as a black woman to being transgender.In 2015, she likened her situation to that of Caitlyn Jenner, who announced she was transitioning from male to female in April of that year.   Dolezal told the Guardian that comparisons could be drawn with the 66-year-old former Olympian – arguing that people should not be defined by who or what they were at birth.Dolezal said: ‘Caitlyn Jenner has not been seen as a woman, and treated as a woman by other people, for her entire life. So what does that mean? What if somebody transitions as a teenager and their entire adult life we know them as a woman.‘I hope we can reach some kind of term for the plurality of people and allow everybody to be exactly who they are on the spectrum of all these things. Religion, gender, race.’Dolezal also suggested people were ‘operating on an autopilot that race is coded in your DNA’.‘What I believe about race is that race is not real. It’s not a biological reality. It’s a hierarchical system that was created to leverage power and privilege between different groups of people.’








Fears are growing that a missing Brazilian student who left behind mysterious illuminati symbols in his bedroom may have been transported to another dimension.Psychology student, Bruno Borges, disappeared from his home last Monday whilst working on a top secret project.His disappearance sparked rumors across social media that he may have cracked the secret to interdimensional travel, after a video was leaked online where he was seen discussing the work of Giordano Bruno – a famous Italian scientist who believed in time travel, aliens, and parallel universes.Express.co.uk reports:His room was covered with strange signs associated with Satanism and illuminati covered the floor.While an eerie self-portrait of the student with an alien was discovered on his wall.Police say “all possibilities are being considered” and his family revealed he was working on a secretive project before he vanished.Relatives say he was constantly asking them to help him fund the scheme – but refused to give more details only saying he was writing a series of books that would “change humanity in a good way”.Bound manuscripts – each with Roman numerals on it – were also found in his room, which have been decoded by a Brazilian computer expert.One passage supposedly says: “It is easy to accept what you have been taught since childhood and what is wrong.“It is difficult, as an adult, to understand that you were wrongly taught what you suspected was correct since you were a child.“In other words, if you fit into the system, your behaviour will be determined, making you at the mercy of beliefs already provided and well established in dogmas and rituals, with the masses.”Mr Borges was last seen by his family when they went for a meal in Rio Branco before his parents went away.When his parents returned a month later, they discovered he had removed all of his furniture and plastered his walls with symbols, writing and images.Mr Borges reportedly kept his room locked for 24 days while his parents were away, according to his older sister Gabriela.She said: “He said it was his project, I questioned him because I, as a sister, didn’t know what the project was and he told me that he would tell me what it was in two weeks.“He was an adult and it was his privacy.“It bothered me, but I couldn’t exactly break down the door.”His mother Denise admitted her son was interested in extraterrestrial life, according to the Daily Star online.She added: “He only told me that he was writing 14 books that would change mankind in a good way.“He wanted to patent them because he had created a new theory.“He asked me for help and I said I would read them.”When his parents returned a month later, they discovered he had removed all of his furniture and plastered his walls with symbols, writing and images.Mr Borges reportedly kept his room locked for 24 days while his parents were away, according to his older sister Gabriela.She said: “He said it was his project, I questioned him because I, as a sister, didn’t know what the project was and he told me that he would tell me what it was in two weeks.“He was an adult and it was his privacy.“It bothered me, but I couldn’t exactly break down the door.”His mother Denise reportedly admitted her son was interested in extraterrestrial life.She added: “He only told me that he was writing 14 books that would change mankind in a good way.“He wanted to patent them because he had created a new theory.“He asked me for help and I said I would read them.”








It looks increasingly likely that main stream western media and politicians who are accusing the Syrian government and Russia for the latest alleged “chemical attack”in Syria are spreading fake news in order to garner support for wider military intervention.The American and British media machines sprung into overdrive this morning over reports based mainly from their own ‘activist’ media outlets are now all claiming that the Syrian and Russian Airforces launched a chemical weapons airstrike killing dozens of civilians in Idlib.Israel’s President, Benjamin Netanyahu, joined in on the condemnation, along with Amnesty International.There’s no, none, no excuse whatsoever for the deliberate attacks on civilians and on children >— Benjamin Netanyahu (@netanyahu) April 4, 2017Despite the 24/7 fake news reports, all known cases of chemical attacks in Syria have had fingerprints of various CIA funded rebel groups.21st Century Wire reports:Watch CNN’s Chris Cuomo as he attempts to litigate a fictitious verdict which happens to fit perfectly into the US pro-war and ‘No Fly Zone’ narrative being echoed by ‘regime change’ hawks John McCain and Adam Kinzinger on their same network today, and further echoed by more demagoguery from CNN’s Syria ‘experts’ Arwa Damon and Clarissa Ward as they blame the Syrian government with no evidence whatsoever. This segment by CNN is very definition of propaganda:Syrianna Analysis: Similar to 2013 chemical attack, the Western governments, and corporate mainstream media accusing the Syrian government of using chemical weapons, this time in Khan Shaykhun, in Idleb. This video discusses the disgusting and criminal usage of chemical weapons in Syria, indicating that it is not the Syrian government but the Islamist\terrorist groups behind the attacks. Watch:








After spending 47 years as a high-ranking illuminati member, the anonymous insider says that he wants to “reveal everything” after the burden of keeping it a secret became “too much to bear”.In an online post the ‘illuminati insider’ reveals:This post will be about how the Illuminati recruited me and what exactly I had to go through.When I was nineteen years old, I fell into some money through some connections with friends and some successful investments of some money that I had made throughout my childhood. I got involved in some backroom deals and saw my money begin to grow. As I attended college at Harvard in 1964, I begin to become increasingly rich, and my influence on campus grew as well through my participation in various clubs, and organizations. Some friends and I began to serve as quasi-stock brokers while still at Harvard. I made tons of cash during that year, and was very powerful and influential on campus.One night as I was walking back to my dorm shortly after midnight, I was approached by two men in black suits. I initially assumed that they were going to investigate my business activity because some of it was not exactly legal. They asked me to come with them and I followed them into the basement of a two story house a couple streets over from my dorm room. They sat me down at a table and asked me if I was willing to make a deal. They would not tell me what deal I would be making, but just continually asked if I would be willing to make a deal. I half-assed agreed that I would, and that is when the biggest man that I have ever seen walked through some closet doors and sat down First of all, if you do not believe me then I am sorry. I am here to tell the truth, and nothing that is written by me is false exaggeration nor science fiction. This information is real, it is true, it is reality, and it is time for it to be told.I was a member of the Illuminati for 47 years. I was recruited when I was 19 years old. I have posted here off and on over the past year. (Some of the posts are mine, others are my brothers, mainly they are his) The information that I am about to unfold is very revealing and very dangerous. I am one of seven people in the history of the Illuminati that have performed the “Departure” Ritual. I knew that I needed to get out when I had something revealed to me at a meeting in June of 2010. For years I was in line with the beliefs, motives, and actions of the Illuminati, but it recently became too much for me to bear, and I had to extinguish my sacred contract.My reason for coming here is to reveal EVERYTHING about the Illuminati. How you become a member, what the organization is about, what the organization does, and the future plans that we have.I will be back to make my first post when I can see that this thread has enough attention for me continue. Any time in the near future when I begin to reveal the secrets of the Illuminati, I need to ensure that there are enough people paying attention so that my efforts do not go to waste.Once I see that this thread has a substantial amount of views and replies, I will make my first post.Here is a preview of some of the things that I will reveal:page 69 of thread:The first topic to discuss will be these underground bunkers that I have mentioned. Currently, there are 57 underground bases and bunkers around the United States that are in use for various purposes. There are 439 bunkers in the entire world. ALL of these bunkers and bases are controlled and maintained by the Illuminati. The largest underground bunker is in Sao Paulo, Brazil. This bunker has the capability of holding up to 5,000 people for a period of up to ten years. I have personally been in this bunker, and it is much larger than one that anyone can possible even imagine. This bunker is secured mainly for the events of the end times. 5,000 of the world’s richest, brightest, and most powerful individuals will secure shelter in this bunker in the event of a global thermonuclear war, natural disaster, or any other form of global catastrophe. Don’t be confused. Several other bunkers have the ability of housing large numbers of people for extended periods of time, but no other bunkers is as large and capable as this one. In the event of World War 3, all of the world’s leaders will take shelter here, and the governments of the world will be theoretical proxy governments. The world’s richest people will be here as well. People such as Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, the oil tycoons ( however, these oil tycoons will be murdered while they are in the bunker so that the takeover of the Middle East will be much easier for the New World Order). I do not know the exact number, but of the 439 bunkers in the world, I would say that around 275 of them are constructed mainly for shelter and extended stays. I myself stayed in one of these bunkers while in China in the nineties. They are very nice, very luxurious. It is practically like you are staying in a 5 star hotel.Some people that have stayed in these bunkers:Leon Trotsky: After Stalin defeated Trotsky and secured power in the Soviet Union following Lenin’s death, Trotsky was moved to an underground bunker just inside Switzerland. Stalin originally did not know about this because if he did not follow the orders of the Illuminati, then Trotsky was going to be reinstated as the leader of the Soviet Union. It was important to have Trotsky placed in this bunker because Stalin was going to kill him otherwise. Stalin eventually fell in line with the Illuminati’s plans, and Trotsky was executed because he was no longer needed.Abraham Lincoln: Lincoln was NOT murdered by John Wilkes Booth. Lincoln was placed in the office of presidency as a pawn. The Illuminati knew that if he was elected then the South would secede. The Civil War made the North very, very rich. That was the only reason the Civil War was allowed to happen. If the Illuminati had not seen the opportunity to become rich off of the war, then slavery would still be an American institution. Lincoln was placed in office just to start the war. He made a deal that once the war was over, that he would be removed from office. This was taken care of through a fake assassination, and he spent the rest of his days in a bunker in Mexico.Saddam Hussein: Hussein was in power in Iraq merely to raise justification for invasion by the United States and other nations. Many of you are already familiar with what I have said about the plans to entirely take over the Middle East and to secure the oil that is currently untapped. The Hussein that was “hung” was a dummy, and the cell phone video that was release was meant to be released as “proof.” Saddam is currently in a bunker somewhere in Argentina. I do not know of any future plans with him.The rest of the bunkers in the world are used for storage of things that cannot be stored on top of the ground. Nuclear stockpiles are being held in these underground bunkers . In the event that a nation veers off the course that is planned, then they will be eliminated. Either through assassination of their leaders or by nuclear destruction. Thankfully, nuclear action has not had to be taken yet; however, do not put it past these people to bring about such destruction.You all know about the HAARP machine conspiracy. It is real. I can assure you. The machine is housed entirely in a bunker that is underwater in the Pacific Ocean. This machine was developed back in the 1980’s, and was first used in the late nineties. This machine has capability of creating any natural disaster that the Illuminati wish to create. Hurricane Katrina was a product of the HAARP machine. The Hurricane was used as a diversion. While the area was in chaos, and attention was diverted everywhere, engineers were sent down to prepare for the gulf oil spill. I can assure you that the Illuminati is capable of releasing more oil into the gulf. The oil that has already been pumped into the gulf is only a small amount compared to what could possibly be done. I already mentioned that the oil spill was used as an agent to implant microbodies into the brains of the children in the area. These children that have been affected are now subject to government control whenever these microbodies are activated. The Illuminati also used the opportunity that Katrina presented to build a bunker that is directly beneath the French Quarter. Why else do you think that FEMA was slow to provide adequate assistance? The engineers needed time.The HAARP machine is not controlled by any one single country; it is collectively controlled and used. The earthquake in Haiti, the ones that happened over the past couple days, all are products of the HAARP. Not all of the events are relevant or important, some are just tests, some are even mistakes. Rest assured however that once there is need for a natural disaster, the disaster can be generated, engineered, and directed and have whatever effect is necessary.Another thing that is housed in these bunkers are drugs. There are massive amounts of cocaine, marijuana, heroine, and all kinds of other drugs being stored. The drug trade and war on drugs are essential to the Illuminati. As more and more drugs are traded and cartels become more powerful, the Illuminati becomes richer and more powerful. One of the major contributors and benefactors to the drug trade is Warren Buffett. Buffett has been running the drug trade in the Western Hemisphere for the past twenty years. The drug cartels of Mexico are under his power. It is important that the Illuminati control the majority of the drugs in North America. This is because it gives them yet another vehicle to transport technology that allows them to take control of the consumers. The Illuminati is constantly searching for ways to implant themselves in the minds of the general public, and naturally, control of the drug trade was the perfect way to do so. Buffett secured control of the drug trade when he approached multiple drug cartels and presented them with contracts. He has been in control ever since, and Ben Bernanke is assisting him with the day to day operations.Multiple bunkers are also equipped to serve as crematories. Much in the same way that the Nazis burned their victims, the Illuminati plans to burn victims that are killed off. Many have speculated that FEMA has constructed stockpiles of coffins to be used for mass burials, but this is not true. Mass burials would take a massive amount of time and effort. Therefore, when the time comes to begin mass killings and executions, the bodies will be shipped to “burn yard” where they will be dropped in these bunkers and reduced to ashes. FEMA, which is an Illuminati run organization, decided that this would be the most effective way to dispose of a mass amount of bodies.Yet more of these bunkers contain robots that are designed and ready to infiltrate the workplace in the case of a labor shortage. The scenario in which these robots will most likely be used is when the mind control aspect of the Illuminati’s plan goes into effect. Robots will be sent in to perform the jobs that these people were doing, and these people will be used for other events, such as war, propaganda, and violence. These robots will also be used once population control goes into effect.Alex Jones is not who he says he is. For years he has been working to uncover the secrets of the Illuminati and the New World Order, but yet he is a member of the former, and will be in power in the latter. Jones has been placed in the world of conspiracy theories to feed false information, to throw trackers off the trail. Do not believe anything that the man tells you. All of the information that he presents is fabricated by the Illuminati, for the Illuminati. Think of Joseph Goebbels. Alex Jones is the perfect Joseph Goebbels. STOP LISTENING TO HIM IF YOU ARE. You are being lied to by a man that receives his instructions straight from the Illuminati.The moon landing in 1969 was real, but there was a moon landing seven years earlier that was the first real landing. In truth, the Russians were the first ones to land on the moon; however, they did not publicize the mission nor the results. It was decided that America was going to win the space race in order to secure a feeling of capitalism over communism. Russia launched their own rocket ship toward the moon as a test run to ensure that the American trial would be successful seven years later. Everything went perfect with the Russian moon landing, and the same technology was then applied to the American moon mission. While on the moon, the American astronauts began the first construction of nuclear missile sites on the moon. These nuclear missile sites have been added onto over the years by way of subsequent moon missions and work by remote control robots. The purpose of these missile sites is the ability to launch nuclear missiles without the risk of tracing the missiles back to a particular country. The scenario in which these missiles would be used is to attack a nation that is not cooperating with the Illuminati. The Illuminati would order missiles launched at the nation, but without the afflicted nation being able to track where exactly the missiles came from, they would not be able to show evidence that they should declare war on a specific country. In my opinion, these missiles will never be used because there are many other ways that the Illuminati can bring down an entire government other than nuking them. However, to my knowledge, the moon currently has 2 fully equipped nuclear missile sites that can be operated from Earth.Sticking with space….Scientists working for the Illuminati have found a way that they can “shut” off the sun. A weapon has been created that shoot a beam of high density radiation right into the heart of a planet or star. This beam of radiation penetrates through the planet creating a very large cylinder in the exact middle of it. The radiation that is left behind begins to eat at the star or planet and the effects spread like wildfire. This technology has been tested on various stars in our immediate solar system and is very effective. The first thing that occurs to the star is that the radiation eats a perfect cylinder through the middle of the star, the radiation left behind begins working its way outward degenerating anything in its path. The radiation continues to build and spread. Some stars hung on until they were totally deteriorated from the radiation; however, some stars became so unstable that they combusted at a certain point.Scientists are certain that this technology can be used on the sun, but also on other planets. One estimate that I overheard was that from the initial shot of radiation, it would take approximately nine years for the entire sun to be entirely consumed. We would begin seeing the effects of the radiation in approximately 3 and a half years however. The first signs would be shorter days and a decreased amount of sunlight during those days. The sun would start becoming unstable at about the seven year point, and we will begin seeing massive solar flares. Once the nine years is up, all life on earth will be dead.Since my departure, I am completely unsure who the top, head leaders of the Illuminati are at this point, but I will give my best guess. The Illuminati is structured so that there are one to three major leaders in each major region of the world; however, some regions are left out because of a lack of a suitable leader; therefore, a leader is installed there.In North America:Warren Buffett is most likely the head of all Illuminati operations. Followed by Ben Bernanke, followed by Lloyd Blankfein who is CEO of Goldman Sachs.Goldman Sachs is a key player in the North American Illuminati sector. Recently, Goldman Sachs invested almost $500 million dollars in Facebook. Usually this means that Facebook will fall under Illuminati control soon, just as Myspace and Twitter have.
Other key players in North America are Alex Jones, Bill Clinton, Rahm Emmanuel, of course Obama, and Timothy GeithnerSouth America is void of any real Illuminati leaders. Hugo Chavez has been difficult to work with in the past. He seems to be in line with the Illuminati agenda; however, he does not like being told what to do. Most of the North American leaders control South America as well.
In Europe:Nicolas Sarkozy is the main guy. He controls the majority of the operations in Europe and Africa. Gordon Brown was very influential in the Illuminati until he decided to begin playing his way; this is why he was removed from office. My opinion is that he is still a key player, just not as key as he once was. There are several African arms dealer that have recently gained some power; however, I am unaware of their identities.
The Middle East is controlled largely by Benjamin Netanyahu which should not come as much of a surprise. Netanyahu does not have as much control as you would think however. As I have stated before, Israel is the grand puppet state of the Illuminati.They will do absolutely anything that the Illuminati wants them to do, and they will do it to the best of their ability without even thinking twice. Israel has been given the permission to fire upon Iran whenever it wishes to do so. Control of the Middle East is hard because there are so many rebel groups. Palestine should not even be worried about. Although they are not controlled by the Illuminati, they are not able to do anything. Iran is borderline at time, and completely in opposition at others. This is why Israel will destroy Iran to start WWIII.Asia is controlled entirely by Vladimir Putin and his cronies. Putin is a very powerful, very smart man. He will regain popular control of Russia very soon, but you can be assured that everything that is happening in Russia right now is going through him. China has chosen to give up a little power to the Illuminati. They cooperate; just do not care to become too involved. In my opinion, it is because they feel that they will be able to defeat the Illuminati in the end. They are sadly mistaken. Eventually they will come to terms and will join in the great skit that will be called World War 3.The Spanish flu of 1918, SARS, and the H1N1 scare all have one thing in common: they all were engineered by the Illuminati. While nothing has been instituted on a global scale, the Illuminati has been testing these viruses for years and they are finally unlocking the keys to creating a virus that will spread across the globe very, very fast killing select people. My advice: do not receive the vaccines. You will become a part of a test group that the Illuminati is using to experiment. The H1N1 virus started to become widespread when animals escaped from a farm in Brazil where the virus was being tested. Several of these animals mingled with citizens of surrounding towns, and many of the animals were consumed. The population of the surround towns were quarantined, and the ones that died were covered up; however, somehow, a traveler had carried the flu virus all the way up into northern Mexico, where the virus was first reported. The Illuminati soon found out that the virus was much, much less ineffective than they thought. They are currently pursuing research on a virus that will wipe out a country within a matter of days.I hope this data dump has been informational for you and has contributed to my credibility in some way. I have much, much more information. It just takes me time to sit down and father my thoughts long enough to format them in an easily readable and comprehensive manner. This is definitely not my last post, as I have more information that needs to be told. It has been a long, tiring past couple of days, and I hope this is enough information to give me a good rest for awhile. If you have any questions then feel free to post them here, on my youtube account, or email me at walte1944@yahoo.comThis article was originally published in 2015 and is updated regularlySources used:
Anonymousmags.com








Two people who were connected to the Flint water company investigation were both found dead in the space of a week this month. Water Treatment Plant Foreman, Matthew McFarland, and the woman leading the lead poisoning suit, Sasha Avonna Bell, were found dead within days of each other.Vigilantcitizen.com reports:The Flint water crisis began exactly two years ago, on April 2014, when Flint changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water to the Flint River – to which officials had failed to apply corrosion inhibitors. Almost immediately, Flint residents complained about the water’s color, taste and odor. In the following months, numerous water issues arose, with little to no governmental action to fix them.Far from taking decisive action, governments denied that the water was toxic.While the local outcry about Flint water quality was growing in early 2015, Flint water officials filed papers with state regulators purporting to show that “tests at Flint’s water treatment plant had detected no lead and testing in homes had registered lead at acceptable levels.” The documents falsely claimed that the city had tested tap water from homes with lead service lines, and therefore the highest lead-poisoning risks; in reality; the city does not know the locations of lead service lines, which city officials acknowledged in November 2015 after the Flint Journal/MLive published an article revealing the practice after obtaining documents through the Michigan Freedom of Information Act.
– Robin Erb, Flint doctor makes state see light about lead in waterThe net result is that over 10,000 children (mostly Black) were exposed to water contaminated with lead. Lead poisoning has devastating effects on the brain:Childhood lead exposure causes a reduction in intellectual functioning and IQ, academic performance, and problem-solving skills, and an increased risk of attention deficit disorder, aggression, and hyperactivity. According to studies, children with elevated levels of lead in the blood are more likely as adults to commit crimes, be imprisoned, be unemployed or underemployed, or be dependent on government services.
– Julie Mack, Lead levels elevated for thousands of Michigan children outside of FlintA massive investigation is now underway and lawsuits are being filed. And things are turning uglier.Cover UpNow that the federal government opened an investigation on the issue, news emerging from Flint are downright sordid.First, in March, important documents went missing, the police openly admits that it was an inside job, and that the crime will most likely remain unresolved.Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan city’s water system.Nearly three months later, officials have confirmed that a TV went missing, but little else is known, according to the Flint Journal.Without suspects or a firm handle on what else may have been swiped, authorities told the paper last week that the crime may remain unsolved.No warrants have been issued in the case, but officials don’t shy away from speculative statements that stop just short of conspiracy theories.“It was definitely an inside job,” police chief Tim Johnson told the Journal. “The power cord (to the TV) wasn’t even taken. The average drug user knows that you’d need the power cord to be able to pawn it.”“It was somebody that had knowledge of those documents that really wanted to keep them out of the right hands, out of the hands of someone who was going to tell the real story of what’s going on with Flint water.”Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan city’s water system.
– Washington Post, The mystery surrounding missing water files at Flint City Hall: ‘It was definitely an inside job’On April 16th, Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland (who had been interviewed regarding the water crisis) was found dead at the young age of 43. Cause of death? Unknown.Already reeling from the news of criminal charges against one of its workers in the wake of the Flint water crisis, city workers are now dealing with the sudden death of a foreman at the plant.Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland, 43, of Otter Lake died suddenly on on Saturday, April 16, according to his obituary.The Lapeer County Sheriff’s Department said a friend found McFarland unresponsive at a home in Otter Lake. There were no signs of foul play.An autopsy did not determine a cause of death and police are awaiting toxicology reports. The investigation remains open.“My thoughts and prayers go out to Matt’s co-workers, his family and especially his children,” said Flint Mayor Karen Weaver. “He worked for the City of Flint for more than 18 years and we thank him for his devotion and service.”“We all have been brought together by this water crisis and we are all mourning his death,” Weaver said in a statement. “In lieu of flowers, the family has expressed they would appreciate donations to establish a fund for (his children) Vance and Ella’s college expenses.”McFarland’s death comes as Flint’s water plant deals with news that Flint Utilities Manager Michael Glasgow is one of three men facing criminal charges in connection with the city’s water crisis.Glasgow is accused of tampering with evidence when he allegedly changed testing results to show there was less lead in city water than there actually was. He is also charged with willful neglect of office.Michigan Department of Environmental Quality employees Stephen Busch and Michael Prysby are charged with misconduct in office, conspiracy to tamper with evidence, tampering with evidence and violations of the Michigan Safe Drinking Water Act.Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette’s office confirmed that McFarland was previously interviewed as part of its ongoing investigation into the city’s water crisis.
– mlive, Flint water plant continues to reel with sudden death of foremanA few days later, a 19-year old woman leading the Flint water crisis lawsuit was found shot dead in her home. A culprit was arrested. Was he a patsy?A woman at the center of a bellwether Flint water crisis lawsuit was one of two women who were shot to death inside a townhouse earlier this week.Sasha Avonna Bell was one of the first of a growing number of people to file a lawsuit in connection to the Flint water crisis after she claimed that her child had been lead poisoned.Bell was found dead April 19 in the 2600 block of Ridgecrest Drive at the Ridgecrest Village Townhouses. Sacorya Renee Reed was also found shot to death in the home.An unharmed 1-year-old child was also found inside of the Ridgecrest home when Bell’s body was discovered and was taken into custody by child protective services. Police declined to confirm if it was Bell’s child discovered in the home.“Sasha was a lovely young woman who cared deeply for her family, and especially for her young child,” said her attorney Corey M. Stern. “Her tragic and senseless death has created a void in the lives of so many people that loved her. Hopefully, her child will be lifted up by the love and support from everyone who cared deeply for Sasha.”Bell’s case was one of 64 lawsuits filed on behalf of 144 children by Stern’s firm, New York-based Levy Konigsberg, and Flint-based Robinson Carter & Crawford.The lawsuit named six companies that had various responsibilities with respect to the treatment, monitoring, and safety of the Flint water prior to and during the Flint water crisis, according to her attorneys. The case also named three individual government, or former government, employees who played significant roles in the alleged misconduct that led to the alleged poisoning of thousands of children in Flint, her attorneys claim.The Bell case, however, played an important role in determining the future of the more than five dozen other lawsuits that were filed.
– mlive, Woman in leading Flint water crisis lawsuit slain in twin killingEverything about this story is revolting and dirty facts are emerging from everywhere. However, mass media largely ignores this story. Those that do are flooded with comments about “tin foil hats” and “conspiracy nutters”. It is as if shills are paid kill that story online … or maybe that poisonous lead has already done its debilitating, mind-numbing job.








Donald Trump has publicly spoken out about the dangers of vaccinations, and has said he believes that vaccines cause autism.Acknowledging that the subject matter is controversial, Trump said “I couldn’t care less. I’ve seen people where they have a perfectly healthy child, and they go for the vaccinations and a month later the child is no longer healthy.”Intergalacticvault.com reports:“I’ve gotten to be pretty familiar with the subject,” Trump went on to say.“You know, I have a theory — and it’s a theory that some people believe in — and that’s the vaccinations. We never had anything like this. This is now an epidemic.It’s way, way up over the past 10 years. It’s way up over the past two years.And, you know, when you take a little baby that weighs like 12 pounds into a doctor’s office and they pump them with many, many simultaneous vaccinations — I’m all for vaccinations, but I think when you add all of these vaccinations together and then two months later the baby is so different then lots of different things have happened. I really — I’ve known cases.”








A historic lawsuit has been filed in California after a widespread cover-up of Bernie Sanders’ landslide victory at the primary election earlier in the week.The lawsuit will require the counting of all the provisional ballots, which Sanders says gives him a landslide win in the state.Justicegazette.org reports:The theft of California hasn’t deterred Sanders from his course. He has promised to fight on while noting it is a steep uphill climb. Given all the states where vote fraud in favor of Hillary Clinton has been allowed to swing primaries from Sanders to Clinton, it is in fact a steep uphill climb to restore democracy and force the now undemocratic Democratic Party to nominate the man the vast majority of American voters have voted for or tried to vote for.It has been learned from poll workers that 50% to 90% of voters who were supposed to have been eligible to vote in the Democratic primary were told they would have to vote provisional ballots. There were two irregularities leading to the forced use of provisional ballots instead of regular ballots. The first was that previously registered voters’ names had been removed from the rolls. The second was that someone (in most cases, not the voter) had marked them as vote by mail voters but they had received no ballot in the mail. Oddly, virtually all of those not allowed to vote and forced to vote provisional ballots were Bernie Sanders supporters.The next oddity is even more curious. Poll workers in Los Angeles and Orange County report that Bernie won the electronic votes in their precincts by well over a 2 to 1 margin, the opposite of the result of the vote count. The contrast between this and the outcome is indicative of vote-flipping. Also the outcome.. outcome does not match what anyone who has conducted polling in this state knows: Below the election night video is a video about black box voting (Hacking Democracy) , The Democratic Party has essentially endorsed this video, showing it at various conventions and another video of a computer programmer confessing to creating a vote-flipping program.If you add the lower figure of 50% of voters who were not allowed to vote regular ballots for Bernie to the votes he received, you wind up with a substantial Sanders landslide victory in California. The primary beneficiary of the fraud is Hillary Clinton.As for provisional ballots, acclaimed BBC reporter, author and election fraud expert Greg Palast calls them “placebo ballots.” Greg is the reporter who exposed the voter fraud in Florida in 2000. Nightline used his footage in covering the story. Here is from Greg’s article, “How California is being stolen from Sanders right now.”“As I’ve previously reported, provisional ballots are “placebo” ballots that let you feel like you’ve voted, but you haven’t. Provisional ballots are generally discarded.”The Justice Gazette has conducted considerable polling and the official results reflect the opposite of how people said they were going to vote. At the California Democratic Convention most of the elected delegates were “Bernie or Bust.” Ask yourself, when Sanders gets enthusiastic crowds of thousands in California (sixty thousand according to police in Oakland alone) compared to laid- back crowds of hundreds for Clinton, who voted for Clinton? Ask your neighbors, co-workers and fellow students if they voted for her and then start asking how she supposedly won the election without the support of the voters. Or just look at Alameda County (Berkeley, Oakland), where Sanders was greeted by a hundred thousand active supporters, where Clinton is very unpopular and where Clinton’s percentage and Sanders percentage appear to be the exact reversal of what the residents of that county know to be the case. If you walked into any store or group setting, other than a Clinton gathering, and asked who was going to vote for Clinton, you would find that nobody or maybe one or two people would be considering voting for her. Almost all the rest would be planning to vote for Bernie Sanders. We know. At the Justice Gazette, reporters did just that.Poll workers in Orange and Los Angeles County have reported that Bernie won the electronic votes in their precincts by well over a 2 to 1 margin. So how does this translate into a victory for Clinton? Ask yourself why an excited crowd of thousands came to the election night event of a loser when this kind of crowd has never come to the event of a primary loser in California’s history. Perhaps this is because Sanders didn’t lose. Votes can be flipped in less than a minute by someone walking into the Registrars office. Watch Bev Harris’s documentary Hacking Democracy and the video of a confession on the creator of a program designed to do just that below.Prior to going into the California primary, it was known that Sanders was going to insist that the Democratic National Convention nominate the winner of the California primary. Clinton is very unpopular in California and it would have been impossible for her to acquire the votes to win legitimately. There was only one way for Clinton to win and that was to rig the election. Those running the Democratic Party have made it clear, following the known rigging of elections in other states, that they either consider election fraud and rigging a proper way to win a nomination or don’t care if a candidate wins this way.Back to forcing the majority of Sanders voters to vote uncounted provisional ballots. You may ask, how Hillary knew who to disenfranchise? There are multiple ways. First, new voters were overwhelmingly planning to vote for Bernie. Second, of the NPP (no party preference) voters, the vast majority were Sanders supporters. But it may also be the Sanders campaign that owes the voters an apology for letting Clinton know which voters to disenfranchise.Last December the relationship between NGP Van and Clinton and that Van’s apparent willingness to engage in unethical conduct on behalf of the Clinton campaign was widely exposed. Yet, the primary applications the Sanders campaign uses for canvassing were obtained from NGP Van. One of the main application programs the Sanders campaign used for canvassing is called Minivan. It is well known that many many, if not most, manufacturers leave a backdoor allowing them to re-access programs.In Arizona, Sanders poll workers were told on the last day before the election that it was known that their MiniVan program had been hacked and that on that pre-election day, people would be using paper canvassing sheets. This was just for the last minute stuff. Almost all the canvassing had been done already in Arizona. What did the Sanders volunteers tell MiniVan (and possibly the Clinton campaign) about the voters they canvassed or called? They marked if the person was: “Strong Sanders,” “Leaning Sanders,” “Strong Clinton,””Leaning Clinton,” or “Undecided,” among other things. If you were Clinton and you wanted to disenfranchise millions of voters, wouldn’t it be nice to know who is supporting your opponent? For the record, reporters for the Justice Gazette did bring their concerns about MiniVan to the attention of the Sanders campaign following Arizona. However, the campaign went back to using this in state after state.While the public is mostly loyal to Sanders, some question the loyalty of some of his staffers. Canvassers were given wildly inaccurate precinct phone and walking lists that left off most of the voters who were planning to support Sanders. Canvassers were supposed to skip about 20 or more houses for every one they hit. Usually the one selected had the wrong occupant while the new occupants of the selected houses as well as people who were supposed to be passed over in the other 20, often said they were registered and planning to vote for Bernie to canvassers who chose to speak to them anyway. It was pointed out to the campaign that it would have been easier and more productive to go door to door to all the houses than to search around for the one inaccurate address on a street a mile from the last address.Another key alert as to possible infiltrators was the odd treatment of the press. While Correct the Record and reporters/hackers from other organizations and media groups promoting Clinton were treated like royalty, members of the press who had gone on record supporting Sanders were often treated with contempt by certain members of the team running logistics at the rallies. Correct the Record (the PAC paying a million dollars to hackers who put child pornography on Sanders facebook pages and then got them closed down) was given the best filming location in San Pedro after that same prime filming location had been denied to news teams favorable to Sanders. On election night, several reporters favorable to Sanders commented on how rudely they were being treated. Reginald Hubbard and Jesse Cornett who reportedly threatened some of the mild-mannered, more loyal press with loss of equipment, removal or confiscation of their press credentials (which they had brought with them) and removal of the actual reporters from the event in response to polite questions about the sound arrangements. Most of the pro-Sanders reporters were placed on a riser near distorted speakers and denied access to the event’s sound boxes they had been promised and which were provided for other media. One reporter, a very sweet woman, who had been traveling on a bus following the candidate, seemed to disappear from the event after she reported that she had been rudely treated by these same staff people prior to the speech.The fix was in before the primary. An instructional video for poll workers told them to give provisional ballots to NPP voters, official conduct that would have been illegal in California. AP joined in the effort to try to fix the election by calling the nomination for Clinton the night before the election when AP knew or should have known that Clinton did not have enough pledged delegates and would not have enough on June 7th to be the nominee. This appears to have been part of the overall attempt to suppress the vote. As Sanders has repeatedly pointed out,“If there is a large turnout we will win. If there is a very large turnout we will win huge. If there is a low turnout, we will lose.”In spite of AP’s false call, the actual turnout was very large and, but for the suppression, the evidence supports the theory that Sanders would have won by a very wide margin.Overall, it was a tough night for Sanders supporters. The average American is not about to support Hillary Clinton. Nobody at the election night event believed there was any accuracy in the results. Despite the officials results (which left off half or more of the voters), the Sanders supporters were optimistic as they knew in their hearts that Sanders had won California. With the election rigging and theft so obvious, the bulk of the public does not believe that Clinton is a legitimate nominee. The bulk of the Democratic voters will never accept Clinton or vote for her in the general election. Some are calling the theft of the nomination a “coup d’ etat,” “treason” and “sedition” on Clinton’s part.As for the voters who weren’t allowed to vote, the buck stop with two people: California Secretary of State and Clinton supporter Alex Padilla and Hillary Clinton, herself, the candidate who benefited from the voter suppression. Almost everyone in American knows or is related to one of Clinton’s victims. Clinton’s apparent crimes are against the American people and this matters more than whether a clown is running as a nominee the other party. America has survived racist clown Presidents in the past but is not about to endure a President who has committed crimes that have destroyed the right to vote of people they know.The crowd at the Sanders rally is not going to give up. In fact they are energized and angry and most of them have as their top goal, defeating Hillary Clinton in all elections. If Bernie were to endorse her, his supporters would be saddened and many would feel betrayed, but the Sanders voters have made it clear that they will not follow Bernie to Clinton.In view of the information from polling place workers about Sanders winning by more than a 2 to 1 margin and in view of the removal of 2/3 or more of his votes from the official results, the Justice Gazette declares Bernie Sanders the landslide winner of the 2016 California Primary Election.








President-elect Donald Trump believes vaccines are responsible for the autism epidemic and he has promised to find out the truth and “save our children and their future” when he takes office in January.Trump dismissed the official claim that there is no link between vaccines and autism, claiming there has been a cover up to suppress the truth and that “nay-sayers will understand soon.”“[W]e’ve had so many instances, people that work for me. Just the other day, two years old, two and a half years old, a child, a beautiful child went to have the vaccine, and came back, and a week later got a tremendous fever, got very, very sick, now is autistic.”Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes – AUTISM. Many such cases!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2014During a GOP a primary debate with Trump, Dr. Ben Carson claimed there is no “documented proof” that vaccines are responsible for autism, however Dr. Carson, a neuroscientist, conceded that “it is true that we are probably giving way too many in too short a period of time.”"@P01YN0NYM0U55:  @jamandatrtl #vaccines #Shills insist #Autism starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after #vaccine"— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2014Trump’s response echoes one he gave on Fox News in April 2012, in which he also related the story of a child of one of his employees who was damaged after receiving vaccines.“I’ve gotten to be pretty familiar with the subject,” Trump told Fox News’ Fox & Friends. “You know, I have a theory — and it’s a theory that some people believe in — and that’s the vaccinations. We never had anything like this.“This is now an epidemic. It’s way, way up over the past 10 years. It’s way up over the past two years. And, you know, when you take a little baby that weighs like 12 pounds into a doctor’s office and they pump them with many, many simultaneous vaccinations — I’m all for vaccinations, but I think when you add all of these vaccinations together and then two months later the baby is so different then lots of different things have happened. I really — I’ve known cases.”The vaccine autism link recently came under federal scrutiny when Florida US Congressman Bill Posey noted before a House committee the testimony of Center for Disease Control whistleblower Bill Thompson, who claimed the agency colluded with researchers to destroy documents linking the injection to thousands of autism cases.I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children & their future.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2014On July 29, US Congressman Bill Posey made his last stand on the floor of the House. Granted five minutes to speak, he exposed lies by the CDC in the infamous 2004 study that exonerated the MMR vaccine and claimed it had no connection to autism.“No connection to autism” was the lie. Congressman Posey read a statement by long-term CDC researcher William Thompson, one of the authors of the 2004 Pediatrics study designed to determine once and for all if the MMR vaccine has contributed to the autism epidemic.“…the [CDC] co-authors scheduled a meeting to destroy documents related to the [MMR vaccine] study. The remaining four co-authors all met and brought a big garbage can into the meeting room and reviewed and went through all the hard copy documents that we had thought we should discard and put them in a huge garbage can.”With Trump in the White House with full executive powers the vaccine autism link is about to come under it’s most severe scrutiny yet.








Adele “shapeshifted into an eight-foot reptilian” backstage at Auckland’s Mount Smart Stadium after the final concert of her world tour, according to shocked fans and a reporter from the New Zealand Herald. The ten super fans, invited backstage to meet Adele after her final New Zealand show, got more than they bargained for when the singer “shapeshifted” into a “massive, at least eight or nine feet tall, powerfully built reptilian” with “greenish-grey scales“, to quote one of the witnesses.Jim Joint, reporting for the New Zealand Herald, wrote that the super fans told him Adele had “flickering reptile eyes with a black stripe down the middle” and “scaly horns and protrusions” all over her body.“She looked shocked, like she wasn’t prepared for the change,” a witness told the Herald.Adele fan Jesse Warren also told the Herald that Adele said the shapeshifting is “crippling her” and she “can’t go on” until she learns to stop the reptile inside herself from manifesting itself in public.“Adele said she won’t be able to perform live or tour again until she learns to control the shapeshifting.”[Editor’s Note: The screen shots from the New Zealand Herald newspaper article were sent to us by Jesse Warren, an Adele fan who says she was invited backstage. According to Jess, the NZ Herald deleted the article shortly after publication.]Warning readers to “hold onto their hats”, the New Zealand Herald writer claims that a number of fans who were invited backstage to meet Adele witnessed the British singer “shapeshift into a giant lizard” and then apologize for scaring them, explaining that she meant no harm and is a “good reptilian.”The New Zealand Herald has not responded to questions asking why they deleted the article from their website, or if they were acting under outside orders.It would not be the first time a news outlet or social media platform was forced to censor content relating to celebrity reptilian shapeshifting, with Twitter notorious for deleting tweets and shadow banning  accounts whenever a celebrity is seen in reptilian form by members of the public.A report about Justin Bieber being seen by his fans in reptilian form, published by Australian news outlet Perth Today, was deleted on the same day it was published, with experts claiming the newspaper was instructed to delete the article by the global elite.In January, Caitlyn Jenner was also seen shapeshifting at a restaurant in Malibu, Los Angeles. Twitter erupted with tweets and retweets and #ReptilianCaitlyn entered the top 10 trending topics. However Twitter cracked down on the tweets, claiming they breached the platform’s Hateful Conduct rules, and the trending topic was suppressed.Music industry reptilian-Illuminati Jesse Warren told Your News Wire that she and her fellow Adele fans are now convinced that longstanding industry rumours are true: Adele is a member of the reptilian-humanoid race that has infiltrated the music industry Illuminati and are using pop culture to spread their agenda and indoctrinate impressionable young people.According to historians there have been sightings of reptilians around the world at regular intervals throughout history, however it is widely believed that we are now in a golden age of reptilian sightings.  There is a belief that the world is gaining consciousness, waking up, and that the veil is slowly lifting.Experts are saying that more people than ever before have developed the ability to witness shapeshifting, however two people watching the same scene will not necessarily both be able to discern the shapeshifting reptilian.It is said that Queen Elizabeth, a high priestess of the dominant reptilian-Illuminati bloodline, is the most commonly sighted shapeshifting reptilian in the world, however sightings of celebrity reptilians, including music industry and Hollywood stars, are becoming more and more common.








A mother in India says she has given birth to a Nephilim son, claiming that her offspring is actually a reincarnation of a Hindu god.The Nephilim are thought to be the offspring resulting from sexual relations between the sons of God and daughters of men. In Hebrew the word literally means “to fall”. As in fallen angel. The Bible, the Talmud and the Koran (where they are referred to as Djinn) all speak of fallen angels.The mother of four, Khalida Begum, gave birth to the unnamed baby boy on Monday, and says she was ‘shocked’ when she saw his alien-like appearance.Metro.co.uk reports:Doctors in India diagnosed the boy with extremely rare genetic condition harlequin ichthyosis, which gives sufferers thick skin and deformed features, locals said.Villagers in Kadamgachi in Kathihar, are now flocking to the family home, believing he is an incarnation of Hindu monkey god Hanuman, it has been reported.His mother said: ‘Several body parts of the baby is not completely developed.‘When I saw the baby after delivery for the first time, I was completely shocked to see the alien-looking boy.‘I couldn’t believe that I had a delivered an alien-like boy. I was so shocked and saddened by this that I asked the midwife to take the baby out of my sight.‘My other children were born healthy without any deformity. That’s why it took me sometime to absorb the shock.’The boy’s father, Mohammed Imtiyaz added: ‘Maybe God has sent him as an exhibit.’Local sources said the boy was not expected to survive.








New evidence has emerged that NASA astronaut Lt Col Ellison Onizuka witnessed footage of dead aliens who were experimented on in Roswell. According to former NASA spacecraft operator Clark C McClelland, Onizuka revealed to him shortly before his death that he had seen disturbing footage of dead aliens that appeared humanoid in shape, as part of NASA’s psychological assessment of its astronauts at the time.In an article, titled Alien Disclosure, Mclelland claims:“They were all startled when a view of a facility similar to a medical examination room appeared on the screen, and small bodies were observed lying on slabs. He heard several excited comments by the other officers seated near him. The small, strange looking creatures were humanoid in shape and appeared similar to those described by alleged witnesses at the well-known Roswell site in the Southwest USA in 1947. They all had large heads, large eyes, slight torsos, arms, and legs. They did not appear to be of earthly origin.”
Disclose.tv reports:In the article, titled Alien Disclosure From an Astronaut, Mclelland claims:Why NASA would have shown astronauts footage of alien corpses is unclear although Mclelland posited the notion that it could have been some kind of psychological test to see how the astronauts reacted to the footage.Mclelland, of course, has been widely criticized for some of his outlandish claims in the past and despite claiming to be a former NASA ScO (Spacecraft operator) isn’t listed on the websites of NASA or any other similar government agencies who would normally keep records of said individuals.Whether this is due to him never having been an astronaut or the government having expunged all his official records is a matter still being disputed. Mclelland said of his lack of official records on his website:“History is created, manipulated, and written by those who are predominantly on the victorious side of the nation which has supreme political — and especially military — dominance. Any “truth” which has the slightest potential of weakening their total hold over the masses is not tolerated.” Mclelland in his defense does have written testimony from former astronauts who are listed on the NASA website that he did indeed work for NASA in some capacity. He is also far from the first former NASA employee who claims to have seen evidence of aliens, several of whom were astronauts.The number of stories surrounding the Roswell incident is are numerous and in addition to the witnesses who saw the crash at the time an ever increasing number of individuals have come forward in the decades since claiming to have seen footage of alien autopsies, bodies and the crash site itself.It is widely believed that the remains of the aliens that crashed at Roswell were taken to Area 51, the top secret U.S military base located in the Nevada desert.The military at the time claimed that the crashed craft was merely a weather balloon although more recently admitted that the balloon was in fact used for nuclear test surveillance.








Justin Bieber “shapeshifted into a reptilian” while greeting fans who had waited for him to arrive at Perth Airport, Australia, according to hundreds of witnesses who took to social media and were interviewed by local press after the incident.One witness, interviewed by news outlet Perth Now, said that “all hell broke loose” in the airport after Justin Bieber shapeshifted in front of his fans. “There were girls hiding in toilets, crying. Guys were running for the exits, jumping in taxis to get out of there.”Perth Now briefly published an article about the incident on Sunday featuring multiple interviews with witnesses, however within an hour of publication the article was taken down and scrubbed from the internet – but not before alert readers captured screenshots of the article and proof that it appeared on Google.Perth Now has not responded to questions about why they deleted the article from their website, or if they were acting under outside orders.It would not be the first time a news outlet or social media platform was forced to censor content relating to celebrity reptilian shapeshifting, with Twitter notorious for deleting tweets and user accounts whenever a famous figure is seen in reptilian form by members of the public.“Golden age of shapeshifting reptilian sightings”The Perth Now article quoted witnesses that saw Bieber with eyes “with a black stripe down the middle” and “big scaly claws that were lashing out angrily.”One traumatized fan with tickets for Bieber’s upcoming concerts claimed she “won’t be going to any now, no way.“Despite the removal of the article from the internet, the reptilian sightings continued the next morning, after Bieber left his $25,000-a-night Chairman’s Villa hotel room at Crown Towers and was spotted in camouflage shorts and white t-shirt at nearby Leederville skate park.“He was hanging around with this big guy, his bodyguard I guess, and we were just staring because he kept turning into a huge reptile,” said a local skater. “His bodyguard was pointing at us, shouting that he’d kick our teeth in if we didn’t put our phones away.”There were multiple accounts of seeing Bieber with “greenish-brown claws“, and one account claiming they saw him covered in “turd colored scales,” while others claim to have seen the Sorry hitmaker in “full female reptilian form.”“Really big, like way over six foot, slitty little reptile eyes, curves, and covered in scales.”Experts claim Bieber belongs to the Babylonian Brotherhood – a group of shapeshifting reptilian humanoids determined to control the world and usher in the New World Order.According to historians there have been sightings of reptilians around the world at regular intervals throughout history, however it is widely believed that we are now in a golden age of reptilian sightings.  There is a belief that the world is gaining consciousness, waking up, and that the veil is slowly lifting.It is said that Justin Bieber, a member of the dominant reptilian-Illuminati bloodline, is becoming one of the most commonly sighted shapeshifting reptilians in the world.Two people watching the same scene will not necessarily both be able to discern the shapeshifting reptilian, however experts are saying that more people than ever before have developed the ability to witness reptilians manifest in their true form.








The chemical weapons attack that killed 58 people in Syria appears to have been a false flag “media campaign” planned well in advance to oust President Assad.So far, 58 people have been killed as a result of the deadly gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhun on Tuesday morning. Just hours after the incident occurred, Western media outlets and governments were quick to condemn the Syrian government, claiming that the “Assad regime bears responsibility for ‘awful’ Syria ‘chemical’ attack.”However, details about the attacks, as told by the White Helmets, appears to be full of holes.As can be seen in the picture below, the Al-Qaeda affiliated White Helmets are handling the corpses of injured people without wearing proper safety gear.While making this fake video the #whitehelmets didn't realise Sarin 1st responders need full body suits as it will kill via skin contact. pic.twitter.com/vyw3BqnKhI— Partisangirl (@Partisangirl) April 4, 2017Within seconds of exposure to sarin, the gas aggressively targets the muscles and nervous system. There is an almost immediate release of the bowels and the bladder, and vomiting is induced. When sarin is used in a highly populated area, it usually leads to the deaths of thousands of people. So why are the White Helmets apparently handling bodies without any concern for their skin?Almasdarnews.com reports:It also raises the question why a “doctor” in a hospital full of victims of sarin gas has the time to tweet and make video calls. This will probably be dismissed and forgotten however.@maytham956 Hmm…'Patients are flooding in' YET this 'doctor' (seems the main source of 'gas attack') has time to film, tweet and videocalls…#Syria pic.twitter.com/SfLOfjE2pG— Malinka (@Malinka1102) April 4, 2017It is known that about 250 people from Majdal and Khattab were kidnapped by Al-Qaeda terrorists last week. Local sources have claimed that many of those dead from the chemical weapons were those from Majdal and Khattab.This would suggest that on the eve of upcoming peace negotiations, terrorist forces have once again created a false flag scenario. This bares resemblance to the Ghouta chemical weapons attack in 2013 where the Syrian Army was accused of using the weapons of mass destruction on the day that United Nations Weapon’s Inspectors arrived in Damascus.Later, in a separate chemical weapon usage allegation, Carla del Ponte, a UN weapons inspector said that there was no evidence that the government had committed the atrocity. This had however not stopped the calls for intervention against the Syrian government, a hope that the militant forces wished to eventuate from their use of chemical weapons against civilians in Khan-al-Assal.Therefore, it is completely unsurprising that Orient TV has already prepared a “media campaign” to cover the Russian and Syrian airstrikes in Hama countryside against terrorist forces, with the allegations that the airforces have been using chemical weapons. And most telling, there announcement of covering the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government, hours before this allegation even emerged…….. Seems like someone forgot to tell him that it would not occur for a few more hours before his tweet.Orient TV reporter : "tomorrow we are launching a media campaign to cover the airstrikes on Hama country side including the usage of CW" pic.twitter.com/tZ5SWdnHp7— Within Syria (@WithinSyriaBlog) April 4, 2017Meanwhile, pick up trucks have been photographed around bodies of those killed. Again, it must be questioned why there are people around sarin gas without any protective gear, and not affected at all when it can begin attacking the body within seconds? Also, the pick up trucks remain consistent to what local sources have said that many of those dead were kidnapped by Al-Qaeda terrorists from pro-government towns in rural Hama.Also, what is brought into question is where the location of the hose is coming from in the below picture, a dugout carved into the rock. This also suggests that the location is at a White Helmets base where there are dug out hiding spots carved into the mountainside and where they have easy access to equipment, as highlighted by Twitter user Ian Grant.Another angle of the "fire hose" location: Seems to be a #WhiteHelmets base, with hideouts dug into the rock pic.twitter.com/Vvl5bA12Q6— Ian Grant (@Gjoene) April 4, 2017In response to the allegations, the Syrian Arab Army soldiers in northern Hama denied the use of chemicals weapons today. This is consistent with the Russian Ministry of Defense who denied any involvement in the attack.The army “has not and does not use them, not in the past and not in the future, because it does not have them in the first place,” a military source said.And this of course begs the question. With the Syrian Army and its allies in a comfortable position in Syria, making advances across the country, and recovering lost points in rural Hama, why would they now resort to using chemical weapons? It is a very simple question with no clear answer. It defies any logic that on the eve of a Syria conference in Brussels and a week before peace negotiations are to resume, that the Syrian government would blatantly use chemical weapons. All evidence suggests this is another false chemical attack allegation made against the government as seen in the Khan-al-Assal 2013 attack where the terrorist groups hoped that former President Obama’s “red-line” would be crossed leading to US-intervention in Syria against the government.Most telling however, is that most recent report shows that the government does not deny striking Khan Sheikhun. Al-Masdar’s Yusha Yuseef was informed by the Syrian Army that the air force targeted a missile factory in Khan Sheikoun, using Russian-manufactured Su-22 fighter jet to carry out the attack. Most importantly, the Su-22’s bombs are unique and cannot be filled with any chemical substances, which is different than bombs dropped from attack helicopters. Yuseef was then told that the Syrian Air Force did not know there were any chemical substances inside the missile factory in Khan Sheikhoun. It remains to be known whether there actually were chemicals in the missile factory targeted by the airstrikes, or whether the terrorist forces used gas on the kidnapped civilians from the pro-government towns and brought them in the lorry trucks to the site of the airstrikes. Whether they were gassed by the militant forces, or the airstrikes caused a chemical weapon factory to explode, the gruesome deaths of children, seen foaming in the mouth because of the gas, lays in the hands of the terrorists.Therefore, it becomes evident that the area targeted was definitely a terrorist location, where it is known that the White Helmets share operation rooms with terrorist forces like Al-Qaeda as seen after the liberation of eastern Aleppo. Civilians and fighting forces, including Kurdish militias, have all claimed that militant groups that operate in Idlib, Hama and Aleppo countrysides, have used chemical weapons in the past. Therefore, before the war cries begin and the denouncement of the government from high officials in power positions begin, time must be given so that all evidence can emerge. However, this is an important factor that has never existed in the Syrian War, and the terrorist forces continue to hope that Western-intervention against the government will occur, at the cost of the lives of innocent civilians.








Adorable grandpa, Bernie Sanders, defends voters who supported Donald Trump for President, telling a rally in Boston: “Some people think the people who voted for Trump are racists and sexists and homophobes and deplorable folks. I don’t agree, because I’ve been there.”The U.S. Senator from Vermont spoke at an event on Friday evening staged by Our Revolution, a group set up after his insurgent, strongly impactful challenge to the establishment’s pick, Hillary Clinton, in the Democratic primary. Our Revolution aims, in Bernie’s words in Boston, to create “a Democratic Party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country”.Bernie Sanders’ remarks about Trump voters contained a direct shot at Clinton, who shared her true feelings about America’s white working class at a New York City fundraiser last September by stating “to be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump’s supporters in a basket of deplorables.“The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it. And unfortunately, there are people like that.”Clinton’s words became a central feature of the election, the “deplorables” label seized on by the Trump campaign and adopted as a badge of pride among the businessman’s supporters.In 2020, Democrats will attempt to win working-class voters in states such as Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, where Trump wins helped secure the presidency in the electoral college despite Clinton winning nearly 3m more ballots nationwide.Bernie Sanders, 75, appeared in Boston with Senator Elizabeth Warren from Massachusetts. Warren is seen by progressives as a possible Democratic Presidential candidate.“Let me tell you something else some of you might not agree with,” Bernie said. “It wasn’t that Donald Trump won the election, it was that the Democratic party lost the election.”With another jab at Clinton, he added: “We need a Democratic party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country, we need a party that is a grassroots party, where candidates are talking to working people not spending their time raising money for the wealthy and the powerful.“And when we do that, when we transform the Democratic party, we transform America.”The Guardian reports:Tensions between establishment and grassroots elements in the Democratic party – fueled by a primary fight that turned increasingly bitter – have persisted since the election.On Friday, Warren told the Our Revoultion event about her first meeting with Sanders.“So some of you know, I was a teacher, researcher, and was doing work about what was happening to America’s middle class,” she said. “This was several years back.“I got an invitation to come to dinner in Washington DC and I was told it would be with a lot of policy people so I did exactly what you expected me to do – I showed up with a bunch of charts and started talking about what was happening to hard-working families all across this country.”“One guy with bright white hair … got into it,” she said. “It was like nobody else was in the room. And that was sort of the start of it with Bernie Sanders.”In his speech, Sanders said: “You can tell the quality of a person by the enemies she makes, and to her credit Elizabeth Warren has made some wonderful enemies.”Sanders said such enemies included Wall Street and the pharmaceutical and fossil fuel industries. Trump is also no fan of Warren, whom he has repeatedly attacked on Twitter.








Hillary Clinton is dying and Huma Abedin is planning her funeral, according to emails between the former presidential candidate and her top aide made public by Judicial Watch on Wednesday. The emails also reveal that Hillary Clinton is demanding a full military funeral, involving a motorcade through Washington D.C. as part of a massive State-funded celebration of her life.The previously unseen emails between Clinton, Abedin and other colleagues were published by Judicial Watch as part of a cache of 1,184 pages of State Department records obtained by the conservative watchdog.In one notable email exchange, Capricia Marshall, ambassador and long-time friend to Hillary Clinton, sought to map out her – and Bill Clinton’s – funerals because “planning is best done when they are still with us.”“As well, Huma – I would make the same suggestion to you – for her it will be a little different … And once affirmed it will be very hard for someone to deny the type of ceremony she wanted — as well I understand that the President can request certain arrangements for her that she/her rep cannot (ie if you want the motorcade to go through DC — stop somewhere),” Marshall wrote.Marshall also told Abedin that she had to involve the military in preparation for Hillary’s funeral — “as Protocol has a lot to do with planning, notification etc.”The news that Hillary Clinton is on her last legs corroborates reports that President Trump was told that Bill and Hillary Clinton are dying.According to a White House insider who works closely with the president, a merciful Trump took pity on Bill and Hillary Clinton upon hearing of their ill-health. Not because he approves of pedophilia, corruption, or murder, but because he is a spiritual man who can see that karma has caught up with them and is about to pay them back by the bucket load.“Their fate in hell far exceeds any punishment we could impose on that pair. We must concentrate on the network of crooks, pedophiles and traffickers that exist right now and prosecute them with the full force of the law,” Trump told the team in a closed-door meeting at the White House.Trump also believes that the Clintons are a fading force in US politics. Bill’s career is well and truly over and Hillary is a thoroughly defeated figure, languishing at rock bottom in nationwide approval rating polls.It is believed that a blockbuster Clinton trial would destabilize a country already racked by division, and a guilty verdict would transform the deeply unpopular duo from despised and rejected figures into undeserved martyrs.President Trump, playing the long game, does not wish to give the DNC this gift.According to the White House insider it is former president Obama, who has been ignoring the customary peaceful transferral of power, who is viewed as the greater threat to the Trump presidency.The White House insider also explained that the leaks coming out of the White House would “soon dry up” as Obama-era holdovers were removed, and staff loyal to the president were appointed to key positions of trust.








Evelyn Farkas, an Obama administration insider, has become the latest Democrat to roll over and squeal on her former comrades, telling MSNBC that she helped spy on Trump for Obama before he left office, and that Trump, not Russians, was the target of the illegal surveillance. Democrats ran an arrogant, sloppy spying campaign against Trump because they assumed that a Clinton victory was certain. They didn’t think Trump would ever be in a position to expose their crimes.They couldn’t have been more wrong. Now shellshocked Obama administration members are starting to rat on each other, trying to gain favor with the current administration and save themselves from being the ones to serve jail time.Evelyn Farkas, advisor to the Clinton campaign and Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense under Obama, has become the latest rat to depart the sinking ship. Speaking to MSNBC, she explicitly confessed that:Watch the video embedded in the tweet below to hear the Obama administration insider rat on her former boss live on MSNBC. This is what happens when you run a criminal enterprise involving a whole team of collaborators. Some of them crack. Secrets come out in the wash.https://twitter.com/Daniel_Ohana/status/846406459185418240Democrats are sweating, squirming and splitting hairs as they try to wriggle out of the “Worse than Watergate” wiretapping scandal.Although naive Democrats living in their liberal bubble like to say the Obama presidency didn’t have any scandals, their fantasy world is slowly but surely falling apart.It’s hard to believe anybody really believes Russia was the intended target of the Trump Tower surveillance.Trump was Obama’s political rival, after all.Even the most brainwashed liberals know, deep down in their heart of hearts, that Tricky Barry organized the surveillance in order to monitor the Trump campaign. Gaining the FISA warrant and claiming to be targeting imaginary Russians was simply Obama’s way of getting around the law.But Tricky Barry got caught out. There is no honor among thieves. His comrades have started ratting him out.This was a well coordinated attack on a Presidential candidate, but unlike when Nixon got caught in ’74, Obama doesn’t have the luxury of a sympathetic president in the Oval Office to pardon him.Evelyn Farkas is merely the latest Democrat to roll over and start squealing. As the heat continues to rise on the criminal Obama administration and Clinton campaign, it won’t be long before they are ripping each other to shreds, trying save their own skins at the expense of their former colleagues.Break out the popcorn and get comfortable. The show has begun.








John Podesta is facing jail time after it was revealed the former Clinton campaign manager broke federal law by covering up the fact he owned tens of thousands of shares in a Russian bank.By not declaring the 75,000 Kremlin-backed stock shares before joining Obama’s White House as a special counsellor, Podesta broke federal law.His fate now lies in the hands of U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions.Title 5 of the U.S. Code stipulates the Attorney General can file a civil action “against any individual who knowingly and willfully falsifies or who knowingly and willfully fails to file or report any information that such individual is required to report.”Daily Caller reports: Joule Unlimited Technologies — financed in part by a Russian firm — originally awarded Podesta 100,000 shares of stock options when in 2010 he joined that board along with its Dutch-based entities: Joule Global Holdings, BV and the Stichting Joule Global Foundation.When Podesta announced his departure from the Joule board in January 2014 to become President Obama’s special counsellor, the company officially issued him 75,000 common shares of stock.The Schedule B section of the federal government’s form 278 which — requires financial disclosures for government officials — required Podesta to “report any purchase, sale or exchange by you, your spouse, or dependent children…of any property, stocks, bonds, commodity futures and other securities when the amount of the transaction exceeded $1,000.”Podesta’s form 278 Schedule B is blank regarding his receipt of any stock from any company.Liberals and conservatives alike agree that Podesta should have disclosed the stock.“Well Podesta should certainly have been more upfront in filling this out.  Clearly, it should have been fully disclosed,” said Craig Holman, a lobbyist for the liberal group Public Citizen which was founded by Ralph Nader.  “That’s the point of the personal financial disclosure forms, especially for anyone entering the White House,” he told TheDCNF in an interview.“If the transfer of stock took place, it had to be disclosed,” added former U.S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova in an interview. “If he didn’t, clearly it’s a violation.”The same year Podesta joined Joule, the company agreed to accept 1-Billion-Rubles — or $35 million — from Rusnano, a state-run and financed Russian company with close ties to President Vladimir Putin.Anatoly Chubais, the company CEO and two other top Russian banking executives worked together with Podesta on the Joule boards. The board met six times a year.Ron Hosko, a former FBI assistant director said because of the Kremlin backing, it was essential Podesta disclose the financial benefits he received from the company.“I think in this case where you’re talking about foreign interests and foreign involvement, the collateral interest with these disclosure forms is put in the forefront of full disclosure of any foreign interest that you may have,” he told TheDCNF in an interview.He added that Russian money was a continuing concern because it could “become a counterintelligence concern for America.”“It’s a troubled question if you deliberately omit this information on the form,” Hosko, a 30-year veteran of the FBI told TheDCNF. “Were you completely truthful on this form that you filled out, yes or no?”Podesta took possession of the stock in January 2014, the same month he entered the White House, according to WikiLeaks.The existence of the 75,000 shares of Joule stock was first revealed by the Government Accountability Institute report issued last year.








The Pentagon is in detailed discussions with the White House about military options in Syria. According to a US official, this could include grounding Syrian aircraft and cruise missile strikes. President Donald Trump is being […]Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that he was deeply distressed over photographs he saw of dead Syrian children following the alleged chemical attack in Idlib earlier this week. Of course he blames the […]President Donald Trump has opened the door to military action in Syria after branding the alleged chemical attack an ‘affront to humanity’ that ‘crossed a lot of lines’ Trump said the ‘horrible, horrible’ sarin gas […]The former London Mayor Ken Livingstone has defended his Hitler comments as being the truth. He said that he will not apologize for the alleged anti-Semitic comments which cost him a temporary suspension from the […]The British Prime Minister has been presented with Saudi Arabia’s  highest civilian honor. Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud presented the Order of King Abdulaziz to  Theresa May on Wednesday during talks held in […]As the mainstream media officially admit that geoengineering experiments are being conducted in the US and UK, President Putin has a warning for the public: “These experiments represent a threat against humanity.“ Vladimir Putin has officially been “vindicated” by recent news […]A lonely and desperate 31-year-old Chinese artificial intelligence whiz has created a custom humanoid sex robot and married it. A former employee of Chinese multinational telecoms firm Huawei, Zheng left the company in 2014; last year, […]By revealing top secret and classified information for political purposes in their battle against Donald Trump, Barack Obama and Susan Rice committed felonies, Judge Napolitano said on Fox Business News on Tuesday. “The use of […]A high school experiment by five 9th grade girls in Denmark is attracting international attention after proving WiFi signals can have a devastating impact on health.  The results of the experiment were so shocking the […]








A local resident rides a bicycle past a church in Xiaoshan, a commercial suburb of Hangzhou, the capital of China's east Zhejiang province December 21, 2006.
The government in China's coastal Zhejiang Province has ordered Christian churches to install surveillance cameras for "anti-terrorism and security ­purposes."In early March, the authorities mandated that Three-Self Churches in the province need to be equipped with surveillance cameras. Officials have been dispatched to forcibly set up the devices if the churches refuse the order, China Aid reported.Hundreds of police officers gathered at Changlin Church in Wenzhou, Zhejiang from March 21 to 24, in order to carry out the order. The officials destroyed the gate of the church and other parts of the building. Christians who resisted the efforts to install the cameras were beaten, and some women who positioned themselves outside the church for fear of possible church demolition were arrested.A local Christian said church members also questioned the need for additional surveillance as Three-Self Churches are already heavily monitored by the authorities.In a statement released on March 23, the Shengai Church in Pingyang County, Wenzhou accused the government of violating the privacy, disrupting the internal affairs of religious organizations, and breaking laws by installing the cameras. The church maintained that the government needs the permission of the congregation to install the devices, or it would otherwise result in an abuse of power and religious freedom.According to South China Morning Post, the order to churches in Wenzhou was issued late last year and was implemented before the Lunar New Year holiday in January.One pastor said that the installation of the cameras reminded him of the "cross demolitions" in 2014. During that campaign, around 360 crosses were removed, and one church was demolished. It gained international attention and drew criticism from religious rights organizations across the globe. Before the controversial campaign, crosses from more than 2,000 churches in Wenzhou dotted the city's skyline.Huang Yizi, a pastor from Wenzhou, was imprisoned for a year in 2015 for protesting against the removal of the crosses. He said that he has been closely monitored since last week when he told the international media about the installation of the cameras.One churchgoer said that the authorities had been setting up the devices one by one, but they have not yet installed one in his church."I don't support the government's decision and I hope they will not put monitoring equipment inside our church," said the churchgoer."We Christians do good deeds and we don't do anything to ­endanger the public. I don't understand why the government wants to monitor us. The government's pressure on us will not deter us from our beliefs and will not affect the ­proliferation of our religion. The tougher the persecution, the more people will be encouraged to follow the religion," he added.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Al Shabaab soldiers patrol in formation along the streets of Dayniile district in Southern Mogadishu, March 5, 2012.
Two women living in the U.S. were sentenced on Friday for providing financial assistance to the terror group al-Shabaab, which is active in Somalia and Kenya.Muna Osman Jama, 36, who hails from Reston, Virginia, received a 12-year prison sentence, while her co-conspirator, Hunda Dhirane, who is from Kent, Washington, was sentenced to 11 years, according to The Star, Kenya.The two women, who were originally from Somalia, were found guilty of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization in October last year. Court documents revealed that they sent money to al-Shabaab financiers in Somalia and Kenya, which they referred to respectively as the "Hargeisa side" and the "Nairobi side."The U.S. Department of Justice also noted that they were responsible for organizing what they referred to as a "Group of Fifteen," which included women from Somalia, Kenya, Egypt, the Netherlands, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and Canada, as well as Minneapolis, Minnesota.The "Group of Fifteen" met regularly in a private chatroom established by Jama in order to coordinate and track monthly payments to the "Hargeisa side," according to the documents.The money was used to fund al-Shabaab military operations in the Golis mountains in northern Somalia as well as two safe houses in the "Nairobi side."One of the safe houses was used to store weapons and to prepare for attacks while the other was used to treat al-Shabaab fighters who had been wounded in battle, the Department of Justice said.The FBI had recorded phone calls and other communications between the women and members of the "Group of Fifteen." The department believes that the recordings demonstrated that the women had close connections with the leaders of al-Shabaab and were privy to non-public, inside information concerning the terror group's activities."Jama and Dhirane were recorded as they laughed as the carnage at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi was still taking place. Dhirane and co-conspirator were also recorded as they laughed at the Boston Marathon Bombing before it became known who committed the attack," a statement from the Department of Justice read.Al-Shabaab had killed at least 69 people and left many others injured during the four-day siege at Westgate Mall.The women did not deny their sympathies for the terror group, but their lawyers maintained that the money they raised went to people who were not "clearly" defined as al-Shabaab members.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Protesters rally in the rotunda of the State Capitol as the state Senate meets to consider legislation restricting abortion rights in Austin, Texas, in this file photo taken July 12, 2013.
The Texas Senate has advanced a bill that would require abortion facilities to bury or cremate the remains of aborted babies instead of being discarded as medical waste.S.B. 258, introduced by Sen. Don Huffines (R-Dallas), was approved by the Senate on Wednesday by a vote of 22–9. Another vote is required before it heads to the House for consideration, according to Christian Network News.The legislation would require the Department of State Health Services to create a form that would allow a pregnant woman to select the method of disposition of the remains of the fetus. The woman may be required to pay for the costs if she selects burial or cremation to dispose of the remains.It also calls for the creation of a registry of non-profit organizations that are willing to provide financial support to mothers who are unable to pay for the burial of the baby. Abortion facilities that violate the rules would be fined $1,000 for each day of non-compliance.Huffines said that he felt the bill was necessary because he believes that the unborn should be treated with dignity."We're not going to treat it like we do a cancer, like a tumor, like a diseased organ. We are going to treat the unborn with dignity and respect," he stated.A similar bill was introduced by Rep. Byron Cook (R-Corsicana) in the House, but it failed to advance because of the concerns of abortion opponents who believe that the procedure should be outlawed altogether rather than regulated."When those on death row convicted of a most heinous crime are executed, we bury them," Cook said during a committee hearing."We don't put them down a garbage disposal or in a landfill. Even veterinary clinics have more human and dignified methods for placement of deceased animals," he added.In December, the Department of State Health Services finalized a similar rule at the request of Gov. Greg Abbott, but it was blocked by U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks who ruled that such requirements place an "undue burden on a woman's right to seek a previability abortion."Critics said that the rules will likely raise the costs for the abortion facilities, increase the stigma against women seeking abortions, and create logistical challenges for abortion providers across the state.Some Democratic senators questioned the purpose of the measure and said that the bill is essentially "flaunting" the injunction issued by Sparks in January.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








The entrance to Rollins College appears in a screen capture of a video from the school's YouTube channel.
Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Marshall Polston, a 21-year-old sophomore student, was suspended from Rollins College last week after he objected to the assertions of his professor, Areef Zufari, who claimed that Jesus' crucifixion never happened and his disciples did not believe that he was God.In another class discussion, Polston claimed that one Muslim student suggested that gays and adulterers should be beheaded under Sharia law. Polston said that he was reported to the dean of campus safety after he spoke to Zufari about the student's decapitation comments.Following his suspension, Zufari filed a police report against Polston, claiming he showed up outside of class even after he was suspended and told to keep away from the professor. The student disproved her allegations by producing a receipt and surveillance photo that showed him inside a restaurant over a half-hour away from the school during class.A letter from Rollins College, published by the Central Florida Post, indicated that Polston was found "not responsible" for the charges pertaining to his behavior."Community Standards and Responsibility has found that you have not crossed the threshold of violating our Code of Community Standards," Maeghan Rempala, Rollins's director of community standards and responsibility, stated in the letter."However, your behavior has not always been consistent with the values we abide by at the College. The evidence presented did show you have been aggressive, disrespectful, and at times, vulgar in multiple verbal and electronic communications with faculty, staff and students," the letter continued.Rempala went on to tell Polston to "reflect on how best to express your opinions and treat others in a respectful manner."Polston's attorney, Kenneth Lewis, thanked Rempala for conducting the investigation, The Daily Caller reported. However, he noted that Polston's character had been damaged due to Zufari's allegations and asserted that the professor needs to be investigated more than the student."We are calling on Rollins College to make a full inquiry as to Zufari's fitness to continue on at Rollins in any capacity," Lewis said.Rollins College caused controversy in 2013 after it expelled InterVarsity Christian Fellowship for not allowing non-Christian students to hold leadership positions. That same year, it also banned students from conducting Bible studies in the common areas of its dormitories.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Supporters of Planned Parenthood rally outside a Planned Parenthood clinic in Detroit, Michigan, U.S. February 11, 2017.
A federal judge has blocked Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin's efforts to close the state's only remaining abortion facility, which allegedly failed to meet licensing requirements.In March, the governor's office sent a letter to the EMW Women's Clinic in Louisville, informing it that the facility has failed to comply with state law that requires it to have hospital and ambulance agreements for patient emergencies. The officials warned the clinic that its license would be revoked unless it complied by April 3.Last week, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) filed a lawsuit on behalf of the clinic to challenge the governor's order. U.S. District Judge Greg Stivers issued a temporary restraining order on Friday to block Bevin's administration from shutting down the abortion facility.Doug Hogan, a spokesman for the Cabinet for Health and Family Services, which licenses and inspects abortion clinics, said that the officials were "surprised and disappointed" that the court issued the restraining order without input from the cabinet and without knowing the status of communications between both parties.The clinic denied that it had any deficiencies in its license and said that the cabinet's actions amounted to an unconstitutional effort to abolish abortion in the state, USA Today reported.Donald L. Cox, a lawyer for the EMW clinic, stated in the lawsuit that the clinic's closure "will have a devastating impact on Kentucky women" who have no other options in the state for abortion.Stiver noted in his order that the clinic's lawyers had exhibited "a strong likelihood of success on the merits" of their claim."Plaintiffs have laid out specific facts in their verified complaint showing that the rights of their patients would be immediately and irreparably harmed absent a temporary restraining (order) from this court," the order stated.Cox said that the restraining order against the state is valid for 14 days, and he expects the judge to schedule a hearing on the case before it expires.Bevin's administration had shut down another EMW abortion facility in Lexington last year after it was caught passing itself off as a doctor's office and performing abortions without a license.The State also sued a Planned Parenthood facility in Louisville in February 2016 after it was discovered that the clinic had performed 23 abortions without a license.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








David Daleiden appears in a screen capture of a video of his appearance at the 2016 Oregon Right to Life conference.
A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.On Wednesday, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld an injunction that barred Center for Medical Progress (CMP) from releasing the videos that were recorded at the gatherings of the National Abortion Federation, WRAL reported.CMP leader David Daleiden claimed that the unreleased recordings show Planned Parenthood officials discussing criminal conduct.The court panel argued that the videos do not show evidence of criminal activity and stated that the injunction "carefully balances the interests of NAF and law enforcement."Daleiden described the court decision as an "attack on the First Amendment" and vowed to keep fighting the gag order.Judge Consuelo Callahan dissented and said that law enforcement and state prosecutors should not be prevented from receiving undercover footage."I strongly disagree with my colleagues on the application of the preliminary injunction to law enforcement agencies. The injunction against Defendants sharing information with law enforcement agencies should be vacated because the public policy in favor of allowing citizens to report matters to law enforcement agencies outweighs NAF's rights to enforce a contract," Callahan wrote."I find no justification for not allowing Defendants to share the tapes with any law enforcement agency that is interested," she continued.The appeals court decision came after California Attorney General Xavier Becerra filed 15 felony charges against Daleiden and another CMP leader, Sandra Merrit.Becerra, who allegedly received campaign contributions from Planned Parenthood, accused the CMP leaders of breaking California's privacy law by filming their conversations with abortionists and others without their consent.Similar charges were filed against Daleiden and Merrit in Texas last year, but the case was eventually dismissed.On Wednesday, CMP released a new video showing a former Planned Parenthood employee talking about how she performs late-term abortions.In the video, DeShawn Taylor, a former medical director of Planned Parenthood of Arizona, explained that abortionists are supposed to transport a fetus to the hospital if it "comes out with any signs of life."When an undercover investigator asked whether there are any standard procedures for verifying signs of life, Taylor replied: "Well, the thing is, I mean the key is, you need to pay attention to who's in the room, right?"Taylor stated in the video that she does elective abortions on healthy fetuses and pregnant women up to 24 weeks. She also allegedly admitted that Planned Parenthood does its best to obtain intact fetal organs to sell.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








A bathroom sign welcomes both genders at the Cacao Cinnamon coffee shop in Durham, North Carolina, United States.
North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper has signed a bill that repeals the state's law which requires individuals to use public restrooms and locker rooms that correspond to the sex indicated on their birth certificates.The legislation repealing the controversial law known as HB2 was passed by the state House on Thursday by a vote of 32–16. The Senate approved it by a 70–48 vote, and it was signed by the governor that same day.Under the repeal known as HB142, city governments will not be allowed to pass discrimination laws for sexual orientation until December 2020. It also defers regulation of multiple occupancy restrooms, showers, or changing facilities to the General Assembly, which is controlled by Republicans, World Magazine reported.Both Democrats and Republicans admitted that the new legislation is not perfect, but they look forward to easing the tensions caused by HB2."This is a significant compromise from all sides on an issue that has been discussed and discussed and discussed in North Carolina for a long period of time," said North Carolina Senate leader Phil Berger."It is something that I think satisfies some people, dissatisfies some people, but it's a good thing for North Carolina," he added.Berger said that a give and take from both sides prompted the compromise. He noted that the new measure still protects restroom safety and privacy, adding that it can be strengthened with future legislation.The compromise came as the NCAA announced that North Carolina would not be considered for championship events from 2018 to 2022 as long as HB2 is in effect. The sports organization said that it would make its decisions regarding host cities this week and announced them in April.Earlier this week, The Associated Press published a report indicating that the state could lose over $3.76 billion over 12 years due to the boycotts caused by HB2.Gay rights activists criticized the new measure, saying that it is not a true repeal because it still denies them protection from discrimination."After more than a year of inaction, today North Carolina lawmakers doubled-down on discrimination," said Chad Griffin, president of Human Rights Campaign."This new law does not repeal HB2. Instead, it institutes a statewide prohibition on equality by banning non-discrimination protections across North Carolina and fuels the flames of anti-transgender hate. Each and every lawmaker who supported this bill has betrayed the LGBTQ community," he added.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks during a news conference in Ankara, Turkey, March 30, 2017.
Norine Brunson, the wife of Pastor Andrew Brunson, has met with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in the Turkish capital of Ankara on Thursday even though she was told days earlier that she had no chance of meeting with the diplomat.Although Norine had little hope of meeting with Tillerson, she went ahead with her trip to Ankara because she already had a plane ticket, and her husband said that he felt that God told him that he would meet with the Secretary of State."On Monday, Andrew told me he felt the Lord had said I would meet with Sec of State Tillerson. On Tuesday, I was told by the embassy and another senator that the meeting would NOT happen. I decided to come to Ankara anyway and arrived last night," Norine wrote on Facebook.She revealed that she met with another official from the State Department early in the afternoon and was later told that Tillerson would meet with her."PTL, I just had a 20 min meeting with Sec. of State Tillerson. I do not know what will come of it, considering the sensitive period Turkey is in, but was grateful for the opportunity," she continued.A State Department official said that Tillerson wanted to make sure that he meets with the Norine to share the most recent information he had about the pastor's case, Reuters reported.Andrew and Norine, who had served as missionaries in Turkey for 23 years, were initially detained and held for deportation in October. Norine was later released, but Andrew was kept in detention after he was accused of being involved in a terrorist organization.According to Turkish media reports, Andrew was charged with membership of the Gulenist Terror Organization, a term that was coined to refer to the network of U.S.-based Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen which is used by Turkish authorities.The government has accused Gulen and his followers of orchestrating the attempted coup last July, but the cleric denied the allegations.There has been some speculation that Erdogan is using the pastor as a bargaining chip to force the U.S. to extradite Gulen back to Turkey.Andrew's case was brought up during a press conference with Tillerson in Turkey, according to the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ), which is working to help free the pastor.Tillerson was in Ankara to meet with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and other government officials to discuss the Syrian conflict.Earlier this week, Andrew sent a letter to U.S. embassy officials asking President Donald Trump to intervene in his case. "I plead with my government — with the Trump Administration — to fight for me," the pastor wrote.A petition launched by the ACLJ calling for Andrew's freedom has been signed by over 241,000 as of Friday.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








An Arkansas bill banning sex-selective abortion was signed into law by Gov. Asa Hutchinson on Wednesday.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.House Bill 1434 or the Sex Discrimination By Abortion Prohibition Act was passed earlier this month by the Arkansas House of Representatives and Senate. It is scheduled to go into effect in January 2018.The legislation, sponsored by state Rep. Charlie Collins, would require abortionists to obtain medical records and information related to the pregnancy to help determine if the mother is seeking an abortion because of the baby's sex. Those who are found to be in violation of the law could face misdemeanor charges, fines and a license suspension or revocation, Life News reported.The new law was based on a model legislation from the pro-life group Americans United for Life (AUL), which lauded the governor for signing the bill."Arkansas's governor and legislative leaders are to be commended for addressing the shocking problem of sex selection abortions which disproportionately target baby girls," said AUL Vice President of Legal Affairs Denise Burke.Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in Arkansas indicated that they would likely challenge the new law in court.Last month, ACLU Arkansas Executive Director Rita Sklar claimed that the legislation is unconstitutional and described it as an intrusion on what should be "a woman's private decision.""Any legislation that bans abortion before the point of viability is unconstitutional, plain and simple," she said."There is very good potential for litigation because of this burden on women obtaining abortions that they want for whatever reason," she added.Planned Parenthood Great Plains spokesperson Ashley Wright argued that the law would "interfere with open, honest communication between doctors and patients."Arkansas is the 10th state to ban sex-selective abortions, according to Burke. Seven of these laws are currently either fully or partially in effect. Other that have similar laws include Arizona, Kansas, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and South Dakota.A poll conducted by the Charlotte Lozier Institute in 2012 indicated that 77 percent of Americans are in favor of laws banning abortions in cases where "the fact that the developing baby is a girl is the sole reason for seeking an abortion."The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








A sign protesting a recent North Carolina law restricting transgender bathroom access is seen in the bathroom stalls at the 21C Museum Hotel in Durham, North Carolina May 3, 2016.
A new study has suggested that the North Carolina's controversial bathroom bill could cost the state $3.76 billion in lost business over 12 years.The analysis by The Associated Press (AP) was based on data obtained from businesses and state officials regarding projects that were canceled or relocated because of the law known as HB2.Following the passage of the bill, companies such as PayPal, Adidas and CoStar withdrew plans to expand their businesses in the state. Several sporting events, conventions and concerts have also been canceled because of the controversial law.The report from AP stated that North Carolina could lose hundreds of millions more because the NCAA is avoiding the state, which has been a favored host until the law went into effect. The sporting organization will be announcing the sites for various championships through 2022, but it would not include North Carolina as long as the law stands.Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said that business leaders have backed out of projects and events in the state because of the controversy, and he shared his concern that similar decisions are being quietly made by other businesses.In response to the AP report, Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper said: "We now know that, based on conservative estimates, North Carolina's economy stands to lose nearly $4 billion because of House Bill 2. That means fewer jobs and less money in the pockets of middle class families. We need to fix this now."Other reports, however, indicated that the nation's ninth most populous state has a healthy economy. According to the federal government, based on quarterly gross domestic product, North Carolina had the 10th fastest-growing economy six months after the law's passage.Supporters of HB2 have said that they are willing to absorb the costs to the state's economy if the law protects women and girls from sexual predators posing as transgender individuals.Texas is also considering a legislation intended at governing public facilities in the state.Earlier this month, North Carolina Lt. Gov. Dan Forest told Texas lawmakers ahead of the Texas Privacy Act's first public hearing that the losses resulting from the boycotts have not made much of an impact on the state's $500 billion annual GDP. He also noted that North Carolina has been ranked by Forbes as the second best state in the country to do business in 2016."The effect is minimal to the state. Our economy is doing well. Don't be fooled by the media," Forest told Texas legislators.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








The North Carolina House has passed a law that would allow gun owners to carry firearms in schools during church service.
The North Carolina House of Representatives passed a legislation that would allow concealed weapons in religious schools that are also used for church services.The state House voted 82–34 on Monday to approve House Bill 174, which would allow handguns at K-12 schools used for church activities when no other school-related activities are being held. Only people with concealed handgun permits would be allowed to carry weapons inside the schools, according to The News & Observer.During a committee hearing last week, Reps. Darren Jackson (D-Wake) and Graig Meyer (D-Orange) shared their concern that the proposal could cause problems for public schools that rent out space for church services on evenings or weekends.Rep. Rena Turner, the bill's sponsor, added an amendment on Monday that would exempt public schools "owned by a local board of education or county commission," even if they were rented for a church service.The amendment dropped a requirement for permit holders to obtain prior authorization from the schools to carry concealed weapons. During the debate last week, Rep. Dean Arp (R-Union) argued that the written authorization would just add to the paperwork for concealed carry permit holders. He stated that schools merely need to post signs if they want to keep guns off their premises."The universal answer is, if you don't want it on your property, just post it," he said.The amendment was passed 114–1, and the legislation is now headed to the Senate.Turner said that the legislation was requested by a church in her district. She said that some members were worried that the church would be targeted by terrorists because of its overseas missions."They feel particularly vulnerable at their services. They want their security team to be able to protect their parishioners if there should be an emergency," she said.Current state law prohibits weapons from all school properties but allows legal gun owners to keep their weapons inside parked cars.Democratic Rep. Susan Fisher said that she finds Turner's proposal troubling."In general, I am opposed to gun proliferation especially around neighborhoods," she said. "I think that it really presents a danger. The more guns we have, the more dangerous it is. ... This opens the door to all kinds of risks as I see it," she continued.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Assumption, Santiago de Cuba
Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.There are still restrictions against building new churches in Cuba, but it has not stopped the expansion of evangelical churches, with tens of thousands of Cubans worshipping across the island each week without government interference."There's a revival of these churches, of the most diverse denominations in the country, and all of them are growing, not just in the number of members, but in their capacity to lead and act in society," said Presbyterian pastor Joel Ortega Dopico. "There is religious freedom in Cuba," he added.Dopico, the president of the officially recognized Council of Churches of Cuba, currently leads 32 Protestant denominations.Cuba's softening stance on religion was due in part to Rev. Juan Francisco Naranjo, who was sent to two years of work camp in the 1960s for preaching the Gospel. He was one of the pastors who met with Fidel Castro to push for more religious freedom, and his church worked to build ties between religious groups and the Communist Party.Naranjo died in 2000, but his church is now providing treatments for disabled children, and the Sunday service is packed and noisy.According to clergy and academics, Cuba's population of 11 million include some 40,000 Methodists, 100,000 Baptists and 120,000 members of the Assemblies of God, which only had about 10,000 members during the early 1990s, when the government started easing restrictions on religious expression.Religious freedom in Cuba is one of the key demands that will be made by U.S. President Donald Trump's administration after it finishes its review of former President Barack Obama's opening with the Communist country, according to The Associated Press.Some outside groups have accused the communist regime of systematically repressing the growing ranks of evangelicals and other Protestants through seizures and demolitions of hundreds of churches across the island.The Communist government now recognizes freedom of religion, but it still does not allow new churches or other religious structures to be built in the country. Members of churches that have been demolished in recent years continue to meet in makeshift home sanctuaries.In 2016, the advocacy group Christian Solidarity Worldwide (CSW) accused the Cuban government of committing 2,380 violations of religious liberty. The group alleged that the government had declared as many as 2,000 Assemblies of God churches illegal, with 1,400 being in the process of confiscation.However, Juan Whitaker, the Assemblies of God's treasurer in Cuba, told AP that none of its churches have been declared illegal or at risk of confiscation.David Ellis, regional director for Latin America and the Caribbean for world missions of the Missouri-based General Council of the Assemblies of God, also clarified that none of its churches have been confiscated."We are in ongoing contact with the Cuba Assemblies of God leadership and they have not reported any churches being confiscated. Neither have they reported that churches have been threatened with confiscation," said Ellis.Kiri Kankhwende, a spokeswoman for CSW, said that the advocacy group has not changed its assessment on Cuba and that statements to the contrary could be explained by official pressure on the churches.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Jennifer Garner poses at the premiere of 'Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day' at El Capitan theatre in Hollywood, California October 6, 2014.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Garner is reuniting with the cast of 2007 hit movie "Juno" for a live reading of the script to raise funds for Planned Parenthood.The film tells the story of a young teenager named Juno MacGuff who gives up her baby for adoption after an unplanned pregnancy. On April 8, the creators of the film will host the live-read at The Theatre at Ace Hotel in Los Angeles in order to raise funds for the abortion provider Planned Parenthood.Garner, who played the adoptive parent of Juno's baby, will be joining an all-female cast who will fill out rest of the roles, even those originally played by men in the film.Ellen Page, who played the pregnant teenager in the film, will be reprising her role for the live-read.According to Self, Jason Reitman, the film's director, will be announcing the rest of the cast on Twitter days before the show.Entertainment Weekly reported that Reitman set the live script reading series aside last year, but he was inspired to bring it back because of the 2016 election. During the campaign period, Donald Trump had stated that he would be willing to strip federal funding from Planned Parenthood as long as it continues to perform abortions."It occurred to me that I have this show that could be used as a tool to not only raise money for causes that need the help, but could serve as an opportunity for a group like Planned Parenthood to connect with an audience who can be presented with new ideas, or even an action item," Reitman told Entertainment Weekly.While some pro-lifers claimed that the film had a subliminal pro-life message in its plot, the director wanted the live-reading to clarify that the film was about a woman's ability to choose what happens to her unborn baby."If there was any confusion about whether Juno was pro-choice or pro-life, this should settle that. Juno had a choice, and that was the most important part," Reitman said.Garner, who started attending church with her children last year after starring in the Christian drama "Miracles from Heaven," had campaigned for Hillary Clinton, who was endorsed by Planned Parenthood in the last election.However, the actress recently expressed her intention to work with Trump to help him fulfill his campaign promises to poor white communities."I'm looking forward to helping him make good on what they saw as promises, a mandate from him, that he was going to make their lives better," she said.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Pop singer Katy Perry, who is famous for the 2008 hit song "I Kissed a Girl," said that she tried to "pray the gay away at Jesus camps" during her teenage years.During her speech at the Human Rights Campaign's (HRC) Los Angeles gala dinner at JW Marriott L.A. Live in downtown Los Angeles, she revealed that she did more than just kiss a girl and said that she spoke about her fantasies in "little, bite-sized pop songs" similar to the 2008 hit song."Truth be told: A) I did more than that, but B) How was I going to reconcile that with the gospel singing girl raised in youth groups that [was] pro-conversion camps? What I did know is that I was curious, and even then, I knew that sexuality wasn't as black and white as this dress," said Perry, who received HRC's National Equality Award at the event.Perry, who began her singing career as a Gospel artist at age 15, said that she was brought up to know that homosexual behavior was wrong, and she prayed to resist such temptations when she was a teenager."Most of my unconscious adolescence, I prayed the gay away at my Jesus camps," she remarked.The pop singer noted that she began to change when she got into the music industry and met more members of the LGBT community, The Christian Post reported."They were the most free, strong, kind and inclusive people I have ever met. They stimulated my mind and they filled my heart with joy, and they freaking danced all the while doing it," she said.In a previous interview with CCM Magazine, Perry revealed that one of her musical influences was Keith Green, who was known for being a bold witness for Christ in his songs. However, she signed with the secular label Capitol Records and later announced that she no longer professed to be a Christian.Her parents, Keith and Mary Hudson, said that they do not agree with all the choices Perry has made during her career. They still try to express some support for the pop singer by attending award shows with her. Last year, they asked the Christian community to pray for their daughter and not judge her.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








A logo of Twitter is pictured next to the logo of Facebook in this September 23, 2014 illustration photo in Sarajevo.
The Pakistani government has said that it has asked social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter to remove content deemed insulting to Islam.The interior ministry has claimed that Facebook has agreed to send a team to Pakistan to address the government's concerns about blasphemous content on the website."Such content has been posted on social media websites for years. I am surprised that no other Muslim country raised the issue till now," Interior Minister Chaudhary Nisar said at a press conference in Islamabad on Thursday."We will take any steps necessary to make sure that our message against such content gets across to those websites as well as the rest of the world," he added.Earlier that day, the Pakistani National Assembly passed a resolution condemning blasphemy on social media and unanimously approved a proposal to create a committee of parliamentary leaders to monitor blasphemous content, according to Dawn news website.Nisar's statement came after Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif expressed his support for a crackdown against blasphemous content on social media."The blasphemous content on social media is a nefarious conspiracy to hurt the religious sentiments of the entire Muslim ummah," Sharif was quoted as saying in a statement posted on his party's official Twitter account.Nisar stated that he has asked government officials to liaise with the FBI and the social media websites on a daily basis."Facebook and other service providers should share all information about the people behind this blasphemous content with us," Nisar said.Facebook has not issued any public comments about a delegation being sent to Pakistan but said in a statement that it viewed government requests with care keeping in mind "the goal of protecting the privacy and rights" of its users.Critics have said that the latest move is just a way to crackdown on dissent.A petition has been filed in the Islamabad high Court against five activists, accusing them of running pages on Facebook that had posted content deemed to be blasphemous.The men were abducted in early January and were accused of blasphemy in a vast social media campaign during their three-week disappearance. However, no evidence has been shared directly linking the men to the Facebook pages in question.Ahmed Waqas Goraya, one of the abducted activists, has since spoken publicly about being "tortured" by the military during his disappearance.Shaukat Siddiqui, the judge hearing the case in Islamabad, recently asked the government to take steps to "eliminate" blasphemous content, even if it involves "blocking entire social media."The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








People chant slogans during a gathering to mark the death anniversary of Mumtaz Qadri, who was executed for murdering a popular governor over his call to reform the country's blasphemy laws. March 1, 2017.
The BBC issued an apology after a post asking "What is the right punishment for blasphemy?" on the broadcaster's Asian Network Twitter account sparked outrage on social media.The BBC's Asian Network posted the tweet in an attempt to promote a debate about blasphemy on social media. Shazia Awan, the local presenter, explained in an accompanying video that Pakistan had recently called on Facebook to help the government crack down on blasphemous content on its website."Is this the right way to handle blasphemy? Or do you think that freedom of speech should trump all else?" Awan asked.The post was criticized by several human rights campaigners and secularist organizations who challenged the premise that blasphemy should carry any punishment.Iranian-born secularist and human rights campaigner Maryam Namazie said that the tweet was "disgraceful," while the National Secularism Society described it as "absolutely appalling."Following criticisms on social media, the network posted an apology, saying the question was "poorly worded" and that it was never intended to imply that blasphemy should be punished.Under Pakistan's blasphemy laws, anyone found guilty of insulting Islam or Muhammad can be sentenced to death, according to The Guardian.Last week, Interior Minister Chaudhary Nisar said that an official in Pakistan's Washington embassy has asked Twitter and Facebook to help identify Pakistanis who shared content deemed offensive to Islam.According to the interior ministry, Facebook has agreed to send a team to address the government's concerns about blasphemous content on its website.The social media giant has not issued any public comment regarding a delegation being sent to Pakistan, but it said in a statement that it viewed government requests with care, keeping in mind "the goal of protecting the privacy and rights" of its users."We disclose information about accounts solely in accordance with our terms of service and applicable law. A Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty or other formal request may be required for international requests, and we include these in our Government Requests Report," the statement said.Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif expressed his support for a crackdown on blasphemy, saying it is an "unpardonable offense.""The blasphemous content on social media is a nefarious conspiracy to hurt the religious sentiments of the entire Muslim ummah," the prime minister was quoted as saying.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Elizabeth Johnston, also known as "The Activist Mommy," appears in a screen capture of a video from her YouTube channel.
A Christian video blogger, whose Facebook page was suspended last month for her posts highlighting her Biblical views about homosexuality, has claimed that her page is still being censored even after the social media giant issued an apology over the issue.Elizabeth Johnston, who runs the popular Facebook page "The Activist Mommy," told CBN News last week that her followers are still having difficulties in accessing her page."People are contacting me saying, 'I cannot access your page at all--my app shuts down when I click on your page.' They say, 'I cannot share your page--there are no share buttons on your videos' or 'I cannot like your page--when I like your page and I go back the next day it is unliked,'" Johnston said.A spokesperson for Facebook said that Johnston has already brought up the issue with the company, and a representative is working with her to resolve the problem."We are actively looking into the issues that have been raised. Facebook is a platform for all ideas--we want people of all different perspectives and viewpoints to feel welcome to share their thoughts on Facebook," the spokesperson told CBN News.Johnston's page was suspended for three days on Feb. 9 due to a comment she posted six months earlier, in which she cited Bible verses that described homosexuality as a "detestable" sin and an "abomination."The comment was made in response to another Facebook user who accused Christians of hypocrisy for condemning homosexuality.When Johnston regained access to her account on Feb. 12, she published a post explaining to her followers that her Facebook page had been suspended. However, the social media company also removed the Feb. 12 post and froze her account for another seven days.After news of Johnston's account suspension broke, Facebook issued an apology, saying her page had been frozen by "mistake."Johnston, who has more than 76,000 followers, said she understands that Facebook is a private company and that it has no obligation to uphold free speech standards. But she objected to the claims that the popular social media website is unbiased. She asserted that Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is using the platform "to further his personal political, religious and globalist agenda."The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








U.S. President Donald Trump signs an executive order cutting regulations, accompanied by small business leaders at the Oval Office of the White House in Washington U.S., January 30, 2017.
President Donald Trump has revoked an executive order that prevents the federal government from entering into contracts with companies and non-profit organizations that do not have policies that protect LGBT individuals against discrimination.On Monday, Trump signed an order that rescinded E.O. 13673 or the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces order, which was signed by former President Barack Obama in 2014.The order issued by Obama required companies receiving large federal contracts to demonstrate that they have complied with 14 federal laws, some of which prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.Some have argued that revoking the 2014 order would make it harder to enforce the LGBT protections implemented by Obama for employees of federal contractors."It's sending a message to these companies...that the federal government simply doesn't care whether or not they violate the law," said Camilla Taylor, senior counsel at Lambda Legal.According to Towleroad, Trump's order also affects E.O. 11246, which prohibits federal contractors from discriminating based on race, color, religion, sex or national origin. President Richard Nixon added discrimination based on disability and age while President Bill Clinton added sexual orientation. Obama's order added gender identity, and it also prohibited federal contractors from discriminating against their employees based on the said categories.Some conservative groups welcomed the Trump's decision to rescind the order. Abraham Hamilton III, a public policy analyst for the American Family Association (AFA), stated that the president is fulfilling his campaign promise to protect religious liberty."American citizens should not be forced to abandon their faith in order to contract with the federal government. We hope this is an early indication that religious freedom protection will be a defining feature of President Trump's legacy," said Hamilton.Travis Weber, an attorney with the Family Research Council (FRC), stated that the bigger concern with rescinding the order was more about cutting down red tape for businesses rather than LGBT issues. He noted that Trump had repeatedly vowed to cut regulations by 75 percent so that businesses would spend more time working and less time filling out paperwork."This will help keep jobs in America and bring others back to the country," said Weber. "Yet now that the president is fulfilling his promise, LGBT groups have somehow found a way to make this paperwork reduction all about them," he added.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Millennials are the least likely generation to possess a biblical worldview, according to a recent study.
A new study has indicated that Millennials are least likely to possess a biblical worldview and also the least likely generation to become conservative in the future.According to a study by the American Culture and Faith Institute (ACFI), only four percent of Millennials possess a biblical worldview. This compares to 16 percent of Baby Boomer and Builder generations and seven percent of Baby Busters, who possess a similar outlook.The survey, which is part of the Worldview Measurement Project, was conducted last Feb. 1 to Feb. 5 among 1,000 Americans aged 18 or older.The results also revealed that only 59 percent of Millennials identify as Christians, compared to 72 percent of adults from older generations. Only 18 percent of adults aged 30 or older claim to be in the atheist-agnostic-none faith preference category, compared to 29 percent among Millenials.While 33 percent of older adults describe themselves as born-again Christians, only 20 percent of Millennials make the same claim.Although conservatives outnumber liberals by a 2–1 margin among adults 30 or older, the opposite is true among Millenials, with only 12 percent identifying as conservatives and 26 percent describing themselves as liberals. As many as 44 percent of Millennials prefer socialism over capitalism.When it comes to the subject of same-sex marriage, 43 percent of adults 30 or older were in favor of it, compared to 65 percent of adults under 30 who support it.Out of 20 questions presented in the belief section of the Worldview Measurement Project, Millennials were found less likely than older adults to have a biblical view on 19 of the evaluated beliefs.Millennials were more likely to have a biblical perspective than other adults only on the belief in the basic goodness of people. Forty-one percent of Millennials are less likely to believe that all people are basically good, compared with 22 percent of adults from the older generation.George Barna, the Executive Director of ACFI, noted that "Millennials are so far to the left-of-center" that "even a typical amount of repositioning" will still leave them very liberal. He said that it is unlikely that even 10 percent of Millennials will ever hold a biblical worldview."Remember, a person's worldview is typically developed between the ages of about 18 months and 13 years," Barna explained."There is usually very little movement in a worldview after that point. You could say with confidence that the worldview a person possesses at age 13 is probably the worldview they will die with. Unless pre-existing patterns radically change, we are not likely to ever see the Millennial generation reach even ten percent who have a biblical worldview," he added.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








An Iraqi Christian prepares for the first Sunday mass at the Grand Immaculate Church since it was recaptured from Islamic State in Qaraqosh, near Mosul in Iraq October 30, 2016.
Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.The Syriac Catholic Church, the Syriac Orthodox Church, and the Chaldean Catholic Church have formally established the Nineveh Reconstruction Committee (NRC), which is tasked with planning and supervising the rebuilding of more than 12,000 damaged or destroyed houses."Today we are truly a united Church - Syriac Orthodox, Chaldean and Syriac Catholic - united in the work of rebuilding these houses on the Nineveh Plains and in restoring hope to the hearts of the inhabitants of these villages and inviting those who have left them to return," Syriac Orthodox Archbishop Alshamany said, as reported by Assyrian International News Agency.The Catholic charity Aid to the Church in Need (ACN) has estimated that the rebuilding of the homes would cost at least $213 million. The charity said that it will be closely following the committee's initial operations and will help with the advocacy and fundraising efforts.Alshamany thanked ACN for its role in developing the initiative. "We would like to thank ACN, which has helped us so much in the past, by providing help and food. Now this charity is playing a crucial role in the rebuilding of our houses," he said.The committee is composed of two representatives from each of the three churches and three external experts suggested by ACN.The signing ceremony was held at the Chaldean Archdiocese of Erbil, where many of the 100,000 Christians resettled after they were displaced by the ISIS invasion in August 2014.Syriac Catholic Archbishop Yohanna Petros Mouche of Mosul encouraged Christians who were living in the Nineveh Plains to return to their homes. He noted that the churches' efforts to join together demonstrate their willingness to accelerate the operation to rebuild the communities.Iraqi forces backed by a U.S.-led international coalition have liberated several cities as well as eastern Mosul from ISIS last year. The security forces are currently locked in a battle to recapture western Mosul.The ancient city of Qaraqosh, which was liberated last year, was leveled to the ground by the war, but the residents have hope that the land will be restored by God.Professor Ryan Mauro, a national security analyst at the Clarion Project, said that the residents who paid a visit to the city "were adamant that their faith is even stronger than it was before and vowed to reopen the burned church and fill it with an even bigger crowd than before."The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








David Kyle Foster, founder and executive director of Pure Passion, appears in a screen capture of a video from his YouTube channel.
Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.In December, Vimeo sent an email notification to Pure Passion Ministries Executive Director David Foster, warning him that some of the videos featured on the ministry's channel violated the platform's content standards.The ministry has hosted its videos on Vimeo since 2009, according to World. Some of the materials featured testimonies of redemption and healing from people who suffered from issues related to sexual abuse, sex trafficking, and homosexuality.At Foster's request, Vimeo sent the list of four videos in question, which were enough to indict all the ministry's content."Your statement equating homosexuality to 'sexual brokenness' betrays the underlying stance of your organization," Vimeo stated in an email to Foster."To put it plainly, we don't believe that homosexuality requires a cure and we don't allow videos on our platform that espouse this point of view. We also consider this basic viewpoint to display a demeaning attitude toward a specific group, which is something that we do not allow," it continued.Vimeo's website indicated that it forbids content that promotes "sexual orientation change efforts" as well as "coded or veiled" language attacking ethnic or religious minorities.Foster, a former homosexual, clarified that it was not reparative therapy that changed his life, and he noted that Pure Passion does not promote the practice. He maintained that the healing comes through faith in Jesus Christ.He accused Vimeo's management of being selective, and he pointed out that some of the videos hosted on the website contain sexual and violent images.Foster asserted that Vimeo's objection to the material on the ministry's channel was just an excuse to remove the entire message of Pure Passion from its website. He wrote back to Vimeo in an attempt to save the channel, but he maintained that the ministry would not remove any of its videos."We have the track record to prove that for 30 years, what we have been doing has been healing and NOT demeaning or hateful or whatever other spin you want to put on it," Foster stated in the email.Michael Brown, the host of the nationally syndicated Line of Fire radio program, noted in an op-ed article that Vimeo had also censored other organizations that refused to embrace or celebrate homosexuality.Last year, Vimeo shut down the channel of Restored Hope Network, an association of ministries helping people deal with unwanted sex attractions, according to Brown. The video sharing platform also removed the account of the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality (NARTH), a group of psychologists, psychiatrists, counselors, and therapists who refused to celebrate LGBT activism.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








St. Matthew's Cathedral, Khartoum
Jan Figel, Special Envoy for the Promotion of Freedom of Religion or Belief outside the EU, has called on Sudanese authorities to release two men who were jailed in connection with the espionage case involving a Czech Christian aid worker.In January, Rev. Hassan Abduraheem and geologist Abdumonem Abdumawla were found guilty of aiding and abetting Petr Jasek, who was charged with spying, inciting hatred between religious groups, and propagating of false news. The two Sudanese men were sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment while Jasek received a 20-year prison sentence.In February, Jasek was pardoned by President Omar al-Bashir and released into the care of Czech Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek, who was in Sudan's capital of Khartoum at that time for talks on bilateral relations.Supporters argued that there are no grounds to keep Abdumawla and Abduraheem in prison because Jasek has already been pardoned and released, World Watch Monitor reported.The case against the three men stemmed from their attempts to support Ali Omer, a Sudanese student who was injured during a protest in 2013. When Jasek attempted to leave Sudan in December 2015, authorities found in his possession a receipt detailing a $5,000 contribution to the student.Jasek explained that the money was for Omer's treatment, but the prosecution alleged that it was a donation to rebel groups in the southern regions of South Kordofan, Blue Nile, and Darfur.Abduraheem, who facilitated the meeting between Jasek and Omer, was arrested by Sudanese authorities at his home on Dec. 19, 2015. Abdumawla was also arrested that same month after he began collecting money to help Omer.Ahmed El Tijani, the chairman of Sudan's Legislation and Justice Committee at the National Assembly, noted that Figel also brought up the issue of the demolition of several churches in Sudan. Tijani cited issues of land ownership as the reason for the demolitions and claimed that some mosques were also demolished for the same reason.It was reported in February that the authorities planned to demolish 25 churches, but the decision has been suspended.Figel stated that the exchanges during his visit "demonstrated readiness of Sudanese partners to engage in continuous and constructive dialogue on religious diversity in Sudan, Horn of Africa and globally."The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Police beat and detain a Pakistani Christian protester during a demonstration against Saturday's burning of Christian houses and belongings in Badami Bagh, Lahore March 10, 2013.
A court prosecutor in Pakistan has allegedly offered to acquit 42 Christians accused of lynching two Muslims if they convert to Islam.The Christians have been charged with the murder of the two Muslims following the suicide blasts that targeted two churches in the Christian neighborhood of Youhanabad, Lahore in March 2015. The two Muslims, who were suspected of being involved in the blasts, were lynched during the violent protests that erupted after the bombing incidents.Rights activist Joseph Franci, who is providing legal assistance to the 42 Christians, told The Express Tribune that Deputy District Public Prosecutor Syed Anees Shah guaranteed to acquit the group if they renounce their faith and embrace Islam.Franci said that the accused remained silent and were dumbfounded by the offer. One of the Christians reportedly said that he was ready to be hanged if he embraced Islam.Naseeb Anjum, who is representing some of the accused, said that Shah had made a similar offer six months ago, but it was ignored by his clients."They [lawyers] believe in independence of the court, but why is the DDPP blackmailing them?" Anjum told The Express Tribune."The government should get rid of such elements that bring bad name to the state by such acts," he added.Shah initially denied the accusation, but he conceded that he offered the Christians a choice when he was informed that the accused have a video recording of what he said.As many as 14 people were killed, and almost 80 were injured in the bombings of the two churches in Youhanabad. Over 500 Christians were arrested in the lynching, but most of them were acquitted after spending a year and six months in prison.Wilson Chowdhry, Chairman of the British Pakistani Christian Association, said that the offer to the Christians is proof that the judiciary in Pakistan is not independent and unbiased."The fact that Christian men could be spared a death penalty by simply renouncing their Christian faith and accepting Islam is a clear indication that either extremists have infiltrated the Justice system of Pakistan, or that the nation is full of zealots that will stop at nothing to convert 'kaffir' (infidels)," he said.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








William J. Murray, son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, appears in a screen capture of a video from theDoveTV.
William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The film titled "The Most Hated Woman in America," which debuted on Netflix last week, tells the life story of O'Hair, who founded the American Atheists in 1963 and spent half of her life fighting for the separation of church and state.O'Hair filed a case against the Baltimore City Public School System in 1960 to prevent her son from taking part in Bible readings in school. She won the case in 1963 with a Supreme Court decision that banned prayers in classrooms.Murray, who is now a Christian and who currently serves as the chairman of the Religious Freedom Coalition, referred to the Netflix film as a "Google Movie" because he says the docudrama was based on information available from Google searches.He asserted that there were no interviews of participants, and he said the filmmakers refused to contact him, even though he was the only main character in the movie who is still alive.Murray suspects that the filmmakers used certain information that can only be found in his memoir titled "My Life Without God," but he contends that they still got some parts wrong.He said that the biggest omission was the lack of mention of his mother's ties to the Communist Party and her attempted defection to the Soviet Union when he was still a child."In 1960, she led our family on an attempted defection to the Soviet Union that got as far as the Soviet embassy in Paris," Murray told World Net Daily.Murray recounted that they returned to the U.S. at the start of the school year after they were rejected by the Soviet embassy."To re-enroll me required her taking me to the junior high school at the beginning of a school day, and that is when she discovered the prayer. She did create a scene at the school, but not in a classroom as depicted in the movie, but rather in the school office," he narrated, referring to a scene in the film in which O'Hair discovers that children are being forced to pray in school.Murray said that the movie also had some inaccuracies about the family's home life. While the movie portrays his grandfather leading the family in prayer at the dinner table, Murray remembers him as a man who sold whiskey and women at a roadhouse during the Prohibition."There was never a Bible in the home at any time, and while I believe my grandfather may have believed in God, I never saw him attend church to the day he died," he noted.The movie also highlights the mysterious disappearance in August 1995 of O'Hair along with her granddaughter, Robin, and Murray's brother, Jon Garth. Murray reported them missing in September 1996 after he was contacted by a reporter named John MacCormack.MacComack eventually uncovered the truth about the family's kidnapping and murder, but he only got involved in the case a year after the family went missing. The movie, however, depicts a reporter who pursued the mystery from Day One.Murray founded the first commercial Bible publishing company in the Soviet Union in the early 1990s in an attempt to undo the damage done by utopian communists like his mother.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Texas pastors who support the Texas Privacy Act appear in a screen capture of a video from the YouTube channel of Texas Pastors.
Pastors from Texas have issued "Toilet Seat Awards" to the senators who voted against the Texas Privacy Act or SB6, which would require individuals to use bathrooms in public buildings matching the sex on their birth certificates.The legislation was passed by the Texas Senate earlier this month by a vote of 21–10. but it is facing an uphill battle in the House.In a video published on Monday, a group of pastors known as the "Houston Five," accompanied by other pastors from across the Greater Houston area, unveiled the "Toilet Seat Awards" for each of the 10 state senators who voted against the controversial bill."It is disgusting and offensive to women that one-third of the Texas state senate would vote no on SB 6 in providing protection for women and our daughters in our most private settings," said Becky Riggle of Grace Church during the presentation of the awards.House Speaker Joe Straus, who also earned a "Toilet Seat Award," has publicly expressed his opposition to the bill, claiming that it would be bad for business.Pastor Hernan Castaño of Houston's Iglesia Rios De Aciete dismissed his claim of economic backlash."We say shame on any business in Texas that would place the value of a few dollars over the protection of our women and girls," said Castaño, as reported by The Stream.He also urged business owners in Texas "who believes in protecting women and girls" to cut ties with the Texas Association of Business, which opposed the legislation.Castaño also pointed to the boycott Target over its bathroom policy. "The significant decline in Target stores' revenue and the sharp drop in their stock says how consumers really feel about this," he said.The pastors also warned Representatives who do not support SB6 that there may be an award waiting for them as well. Riggle also cautioned the legislators against amending the bill "until it has no meaning."The "Houston Five" gained national attention after former Houston Mayor Annise Parker subpoenaed their sermons in the course of their opposition to an ordinance that would have allowed biological males into the city's public and private showers, locker rooms and restrooms for females. Houston voters were only allowed to vote on the ordinance in 2015 after the pastors took the former mayor to court. The ordinance was defeated by a percentage of 61–39.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








U.S. Vice President Mike Pence speaks at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) policy conference in Washington, U.S., March 26, 2017.
Vice President Mike Pence cast a tie-breaking vote in the Senate on Thursday to pass a bill that would allow individual states to defund Planned Parenthood.Pence's vote was needed to break the 50–50 tie on the bill that would overturn a rule from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) preventing states from blocking Title X funding to Planned Parenthood and other health centers that perform abortions.The GOP have a 52–48 majority in the Senate, but two Republicans joined the Democrats to vote against the resolution.The rule was put in place by President Barack Obama days before he vacated the White House. The bill rescinding the HHS rule is now headed to the desk of President Donald Trump.Through the Title X program, the federal government can directly fund organizations that provide family planning services or award grants to states, which selects money recipients, according to World Magazine.Under the Hyde Amendment, taxpayer money cannot fund abortions. But some states have opted to direct Title X funds away from organizations that provide family planning services and also perform abortions. An NPR report in 2011 indicated that 25 percent of all Title X grants go to Planned Parenthood and its affiliates. The HHS regulation would ensure that the organization would not lose those taxpayer dollars.Democrats held the floor throughout the afternoon before the vote and repeatedly urged one more Republican to change their vote to block the measure, Life Site News reported.Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) described the measure as "another example of the Republican war on women.""It would let states treat women as second-class citizens who don't deserve the same access to health care as men," he remarked.The U.S. Congress voted 230–188 in February to overturn the HHS rule under the Congressional Review Act (CRA), which allows the House to reverse agency regulations within 60 legislative days.Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican Leader, said that the HHS regulation "is an unnecessary restriction on states that know their residents own needs a lot better than the Federal Government.""Fortunately by sending the CRA before us to the president's desk we can return power back to the people and will do so without decreasing funding to women's health care by a penny," he added.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Iowa House Republicans have abandoned a bill that would have banned abortions once the fetal heartbeat is detected.
Iowa House Republicans have abandoned a bill that would have banned abortions once a fetal heartbeat is detected, which can be as early as six weeks into pregnancy.The fetal heartbeat bill was introduced on Tuesday as an amendment to a separate legislation that would ban abortions at 20 weeks of pregnancy, The Des Moines Register reported.Fearing that the amendment would face legal challenges in court, House Republican lawmakers announced on Wednesday that they have removed the fetal heartbeat provision."We've been working over the course of the last few hours to get consensus within our caucus on an agreement that we can all move forward," said House Human Resources Committee Chairman Rep. Joel Fry (R-Osceola). "And this is the piece of legislation that we have consensus on," he added.Democrats have threatened an all-night filibuster to delay an initial procedural vote when the amendment was introduced on Tuesday. The legislation would have been the strictest ban on abortion in the U.S. if it had been signed into law. North Dakota and Arkansas have tried to pass similar laws but were blocked by the courts.Rep. Rob Taylor (R-West Des Moines) said that "a number" of House Republicans had reservations about the language in the provision after it was introduced."I think anytime we have language that is realistic and doesn't end up in court, I think that's the opportunity to save more lives," he said."To run something through here just to end up in court isn't necessarily the option that I would prefer, but I think that's a discussion that we'll have," he continued.The bill banning abortions after 20 weeks is similar to a legislation passed by the Iowa Senate. However, the measure currently being considered by the House does not include a provision to penalize physicians who perform illegal abortions, although they could have their license revoked by the Iowa Board of Medicine.The 20-week ban carries an exception in cases when the mother's life is in jeopardy, but there are no exemptions for rape, incest or fetal abnormalities.Rep. Shannon Lundgren (R-Peosta) expressed her belief that the 20-week ban would still be a victory for the pro-life movement.The bill, known as Senate File 471, will be eligible for debate on the House floor if it is passed by the House Human Resources Committee.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








The entrance to Rollins College appears in a screen capture of a video from the school's YouTube channel.
A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Marshall Polston, a 21-year-old sophomore student at Rollins College in Florida, was reportedly suspended from the school and ordered not to appear on campus after he challenged the professor's assertions.Polston said that Areeje Zufari, the professor of Middle Eastern Humanities class, had claimed that Jesus's crucifixion was a hoax and that his disciples did not believe that he was a God.After challenging the professor's claims during a class discussion, Polston reportedly received a 52 percent on a major essay, but Zufari never explained why she gave him the failing grade."I was upset, understandably. I've never gotten anything less than straight A's, so I was really interested in figuring out how to possibly improve or at least understand the grade," Polston told Central Florida Post.In another class discussion, Polston said that one male Muslim student suggested that gays and adulterers should be beheaded under Sharia Law."I spoke out to the professor about the grade and subsequently the decapitation comments made by the student," Polston told The College Fix."The statement by the conservative Muslim student met such fear by some that one of the students reported it to the FBI," he added.Zufari reportedly canceled her class and filed a complaint with the Dean of Safety, claiming that Polston made her feel "unsafe.""The situation was surreal. We've already had one too many attacks in Orlando and as an avid traveler I realized this was the perfect example of 'see something, say something,'" Polston went on to say.The suspension letter, dated March 24, stated that the student's actions constituted a "threat of disruption" within the school, but it did not specifically mention the alleged actions. The letter instructed Polston not to set foot on the campus or have any contact with Zufari.The professor later filed a police report, claiming that Polston violated the order by showing up in class to harass her. However, the student denied the allegation and said that he was with his grandfather and traveling to Daytona Beach when the class was being held.Polston has also offered video footage of him purchasing food at the time of the class at a restaurant over half-an-hour away from the school.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








The Facebook logo is displayed on their website in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017.
Pakistan's Interior Ministry has stated that Facebook has complied with the government's request to remove blasphemous content on its website.Interior Secretary Arif Khan told the Islamabad High Court (IHC) on Monday that Facebook has already removed 85 percent of the blasphemous content, and only 15 percent of such material remains on the website, The Express Tribune reported.Earlier this month, the Pakistani government contacted Facebook to warn the company about the repercussions if it did not comply with their demand. The officials claimed that the social networking company has sent a delegation to Pakistan to address the government's concerns about "blasphemous and objectionable" content on the site.The IHC ordered on Monday that the top officials of the country must be involved in the issue of raising a national "firewall" to enable the government to monitor the internet traffic and all the users in Pakistan.Khan told the court that the issue of a national firewall would be discussed with the higher ups, but he maintained that banning the social networking website is not the solution to the problem.A director of the Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) told the court that three suspects have been arrested for their alleged involvement in publishing blasphemous content on social media in the past few days. He said that mobile phones, laptops and computers seized from the suspects have been sent for forensic examination.Syed Ismael, the chairman of Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA), told the high court that there is a 25-member team dedicated to searching blasphemous content online. He noted that the team has already removed 40 pages containing such material.Ismael said that Facebook initially would not consider blasphemous material as a violation, but it has now complied with requests to remove such reported pages."Facebook's agreement with our demands is a big achievement. They have assured to comply with our demand," said Ismael.Facebook has not confirmed nor denied the content removals. According to Russia Today, the social media company publishes the requests it receives from governments every six months. The latest data on the website goes up to June 2016. It said that it scrutinizes the government requests to determine if a specified content breaks any local laws."If we determine that it does, then we make it unavailable in the relevant country or territory. For example, Holocaust denial is illegal in Germany so if it is reported to us we will restrict this content for people in Germany," the company stated on its web page about the requests.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Executive producer Roma Downey and her husband producer Mark Burnett pose at the premiere for the movie "Ben-Hur" at TCL Chinese theatre in Hollywood, California U.S., August 16, 2016.
Mark Burnett and Roma Downey, the producers behind the hit mini-series "The Bible," are reportedly working on a religious drama titled "Messiah" for Netflix.The series, which is still in its early developmental stages, would be set in the modern day and would narrate how the world would react to a man who performs miracles in the Middle East, according to Variety.The faith-based series was created and written by Michael Petroni, whose previous works include the ABC drama "Miracles" and the screenplay for the feature film adaptation of "The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader."He was also credited with writing the screenplay of the 2011 Anthony Hopkins exorcism horror-drama "The Rite."Burnett and Downey will be serving as the executive producers through their company LightWorkers Media, which is a division of MGM. Petroni will also serve as an executive producer along with Andrew Deane of Industry Entertainment.The project gained media attention last week when Deadline reported that it was one of 15 television productions that will benefit from California-based tax credit. It was reportedly approved for a $7.5 million tax credit in the new series category.It has not been officially greenlighted by Netflix, but it has been earmarked for filming in Los Angeles.Although Burnett and Downey are closely working with Netflix, they recently launched Light TV, a 24-hour faith and family entertainment channel, in partnership with Fox network, according to Eternity News.The husband and wife team was behind the remake of "Ben-Hur," which tanked at the box office and was not well-received by critics.They also produced other faith-based projects including the TV movie "Women of the Bible" at Lifetime, "A.D. The Bible Continues" on NBC, "The Dovekeepers" at CBS, and the 2014 film "Son of God."Downey stated in a 2014 interview with The Christian Post that they believed their projects were aimed at an audience who are often ignored by the Hollywood industry."We find it encouraging ... that the success of 'The Bible' series with a hundred million viewers showing up revealed to our industry that there is a huge audience for these kinds of projects, an audience that I think has often been under-served," she said.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Women wait for a bus in central Tehran, Iran August 24, 2015.
Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Female officers were reportedly gathered outside the medieval Holy Savior Cathedral in Isfahan to enforce Iran's "modesty laws." Visitors said that the officers were lecturing people on whether or not the hijab was "appropriate" as they entered the cathedral, which is part of the Armenian Orthodox Church.A photograph taken inside the church shows a woman defiantly taking off her hijab, but the other women behind her are still wearing theirs, Heatstreet reported.The women who were stopped outside the cathedral, known locally as the Vank church, shared their story in a social media campaign called "My Stealthy Freedom," which aims to change the Iranian law."The photo that I sent you shows the Vanak [sic] Church of Isfahan. It was ridiculous! Two female officers blamed us for what we'd been wearing, which is such a shame, isn't it?" the social media post read."How would American Muslims react if they were forced to enter their mosques without hijab? Why should we put up with such a disgrace to women in the name of law? Isn't this a type of bullying?" it continued.Under Iranian law, every woman must wear a veil, in accordance with the government's strict interpretation of Islam. Those who were caught disobeying the ordinance face violent arrests and punishment beatings.Iran also enforces the strict dress code on non-Iranian women who are competing in sporting events in the country. Nazí Paikidze-Barnes, the reigning American female chess champion, dropped out of the 2017 Women's World Chess Championship after she found out that the competition would be held in Iran and that the participants would be required to wear veils.Last month, 18-year-old Iranian chess grandmaster Dorsa Derakhshani was booted from Iran's national team after she failed to wear the hijab at the Tradewise Gibraltar Chess Festival 2017.The Iranian government had confiscated about 40,000 cars in the first half of 2015 because drivers or passengers were not wearing their headscarves properly. Many women were pulled over and beaten to the ground before they were arrested.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Women carry jerry cans of water from shallow wells dug from the sand along the Shabelle River bed, which is dry due to drought in Somalia's Shabelle region, March 19, 2016.
The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.In March, the terror group, which is known for amputating and executing people, has released photographs showing its members distributing food relief to alleged residents of Lower Shabelle in southern Somalia.According to media reports, al-Shabaab has created drought committees for food distributions in six regions under its control. Its members have also dug up water canals for farmers, Religion News Service reported.Fears of impending famine are growing in the country that is still struggling to recover from more than 25 years of civil war and an ongoing battle between the U.N.-backed government and Islamist insurgents.Aid groups have said that as many as a quarter of a million people died during the last famine in 2011 after al-Shabaab imposed restrictions on movement and refused to grant aid organizations access to drought-stricken areas.Sheikh Suldan Aala Mohamed, the chairman of al-Shabaab's drought emergency committee, said that this time, people are allowed to move freely. "We do not stop those who want to leave for other places, they are free," he said.Mohamed noted that al-Shabaab has already distributed food and water to many Somalis who were hit by the drought, but some residents are still skeptical about the militants' ability to provide enough aid."Al Shabaab gave us water and food and we have seen them taking food and water to others in the area, but the needs of the entire people cannot be met," said Abdullahi Mohamed, a resident of Hindheer district in the central Galgadud region."Some people are in the jungle where there are no roads. Some are dying under trees," he added.According to the U.N., about 6.2 million people in Somalia are in urgent need of humanitarian aid. The U.N. and the African Union are considering talks with al-Shabaab as it controls the areas that are most affected by the drought.Roman Catholic Bishop Giorgio Bertin, the apostolic administrator of Mogadishu, said he agrees that some form of contact should be established with the terror group. "We must try all things to bring stability to Somalia," he stated.During the drought in 2011, the U.N. accused al-Shabaab of sabotaging the distribution of aid after the group allegedly attacked convoys, burned food and killed some aid workers.It is believed that the group is getting the aid from its network of sponsors and sympathizers, but there is also speculation that it is raiding food relief convoys of humanitarian groups.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








The Great Flagpole in Dushanbe, Tajikistan
Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Tajik government prohibits minors from taking part in religious activities, even if they are with their parents. According to a report from Mission Network News, several security officers attended Sunday services in two separate towns to film and take photographs for evidence.Kristin Wright, Advocacy Director with Open Doors USA, said that her group is keeping an eye on the developing situation."Since then, there's been a criminal investigation against the church and against the members," Wright noted."These members are being questioned on a daily basis. It's a situation of real concern for Christians, not just of this church, but churches across Tajikistan where these severe regulations really prohibit parents from even bringing their children to church and introducing them to the Gospel," she continued.According to Open Doors, the activities of the churches in the two towns have been suspended, pending the outcome of the court proceedings. Church members are being constantly summoned for repeated questioning.One Tajik pastor noted that the authorities are already planning to close the churches and ban all their activities. The officers are also conducting an investigation on proselytism, and they even questioned why there were Uzbeks and Tajiks attending the services."Ethnically they are Muslims, so they should visit the Mosque – what are they doing in church?" the officers reportedly asked.Wright further noted that Tajikistan has been designated by the U.S. State Department as a country of particular concern due to its stringent laws against freedom of religion and belief.In February, a Christian with a Muslim background was arrested after he shared the Gospel with a stranger who began to speak to him. The Christian was apprehended by the stranger, who turned out to be an officer of the Security Service, after he tried to give him a copy of the New Testament. Tajik law prohibits the distribution of religious literature and "religious propaganda" in public places.Open Doors stated that "dictatorial paranoia" is the main source of persecution in Tajikistan. However, pressure from Islamic extremism is also present in private, family and community spheres.Tajikistan, which is 98 percent Muslim, has been ranked on the Open Doors World Watch List as the 35th country where Christians experience the worst persecution.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Courtroom of the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, France.
An American Baptist missionary, who was fined for holding weekly Bible studies in Russia, has taken his case to the European Court of Human Rights to appeal the severe sanctions imposed by the country's "anti-missionary" law.Donald Ossewaarde was the first U.S. missionary to be charged under Russia's "Yarovaya" law that was introduced in July 2016. He was fined 40,000 rubles ($600) after he was found guilty of conducting illegal missionary activities for hosting Sunday morning Bible studies at his home in the Russian city of Oryol.The "Yarovaya" law, named after one of its authors, was introduced as an "anti-terrorism" measure, which allows the government to monitor extremist groups, according to World Watch Monitor.Ossewaarde had already made several appeals, including one to the Russian Supreme Court, but his efforts have been unsuccessful. On Wednesday, he filed an appeal to the European Court of Human Rights, with the help of ADF International, a legal organization advocating for religious freedom."Freedom of religion is one of the most fundamental rights. Nobody should be persecuted because of their faith. Despite the Russian Constitution guaranteeing freedom of conscience and religion for all, Donald Ossewaarde has been charged with a criminal offence for holding a peaceful Church service in his own home," said ADF International Legal Counsel Laurence Wilkinson."His conviction is a hugely concerning development for religious freedom across Russia in general, and for Christian missionaries in particular," he added.He noted that the appeal to the European court represents a "last resort" in challenging the Russian law."As a signatory to the European Convention on Human Rights, the Russian government should reconsider the scope of its counter-terrorism laws to guarantee the right to freedom of religion for all of its inhabitants," Wilkinson continued.Wilkinson, who is the leading lawyer on Ossewaarde's case, noted that while the law was intended at preventing terrorist activity, it had a "devastating" effect on religious activities that cannot be considered dangerous in any sense.Ossewaarde has previously stated that the Russian court refused his request to allow time for his lawyers to come from Moscow for the initial hearing. The court appointed another lawyer who advised him to accept the verdict and pay the fine without appeal. The lawyer also told the pastor that it would be better for him to leave the city because anything could happen to him and his family.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Toronto Pride Parade in 2011.
An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.In the lawsuit, the homosexual activists argued that the participants of the parade were defamed when the group, led by Christian activist Bill Whatcott, infiltrated the parade dressed as green "gay zombies" as they handed out "information leaflets."The leaflets, which were made to appear like packets of condoms, contained information about the physical and spiritual dangers of homosexual practices, according to Life Site News.The case was dismissed on a technicality by Justice Paul Perell, who stated in his ruling in Hudspeth v. Whatcott that the plaintiffs George Smitherman and Christopher Hudspeth could not claim defamation of an entire group, such as the parade participants or "LGTBTQ2SI Community," but only of individuals."The civil law, generally speaking, is concerned with the civil rights of individuals. The doctrinal problem is there is no common law cause of action by a community for defamation, intentional infliction of mental distress, and civil conspiracy to injure," Perell wrote in his ruling.He stated that the plaintiffs could continue the case if they were able to produce individuals who claimed to be defamed, injured, or inflicted by mental distress due to the information packets. The homosexual activists were given 30 days to find such individuals.The judge also ruled that the packets distributed by Whatcott were a form of "hate speech," which would mean that his actions at the parade could not be protected as a "legitimate exercise of freedom of expression."Perell also ordered Whatcott to name the other half a dozen anonymous "zombies" who helped out in distributing the info packets as well as the "unidentified financial backers" who funded the expenses of the group. The judge argued that it is "necessary" to know the identity of the individuals who helped Whatcott if the homosexual activists decide to pursue further legal action.Whatcott said he would rather go to prison than reveal the names of his friends and supporters to the homosexuality activists. He noted that he could face prolonged jail time if he does not comply with the order."Generally, Christians should comply with secular courts, but not when complying harms the innocent or when the order is unjust in the eyes of God," he said.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








David Daleiden appears in a screen capture of a video from Texas Right to Life.
The California attorney general has filed 15 felony charges on Tuesday against pro-life activists David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt of the Center for Medical Progress (CMP) for their part in recording videos during their undercover investigation of Planned Parenthood in 2015.California's Attorney General Xavier Becerra alleged that Daleiden and Merritt broke the state's privacy law by filming their conversations with Planned Parenthood officials and others without their consent.The pro-life activists were charged with one felony count for each of the 14 people they filmed without permission between October 2013 and July 2015 in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and El Dorado counties. The 15th charge against the pair was for criminal conspiracy to invade privacy. CMP stated on its website on Tuesday that the charges were "bogus.""The public knows the real criminals are Planned Parenthood and their business partners," CMP said in a statement."We look forward to showing the entire world what is on our yet-unreleased videotapes of Planned Parenthood's criminal baby body parts enterprise, in vindication of the First Amendment rights of all," it continued.The investigation against Daleiden and Merritt began after the 2015 release of the undercover videos of their meetings with abortionists and fetal procurement companies in California and Texas. The pair used fake identities claiming to represent fictitious businesses in order to discuss the illegal sales of fetal remains with officials of Planned Parenthood and biomedical companies.Planned Parenthood denied the allegation that it was involved in illegal sales of aborted baby parts and said that the videos were deceptively edited propaganda."As we have said from the beginning, and as more than a dozen different state investigations have made clear: Planned Parenthood has done nothing wrong, and the only people who broke the law are those behind the fraudulent tapes," Mary Alice Carter, Planned Parenthood Federation of America's interim vice president of communications, said in a statement.Under California law, both parties are required to give consent to the recording of what could be "reasonably" considered as a confidential conversation. However, it "excludes a communication made in a public gathering" or other circumstances in which the both parties may expect the conversation to be overheard or recorded.Planned Parenthood was able to avoid federal charges, but it continues to face the loss of federal funding due to the outrage among conservative lawmakers over the videos. Some of the biomedical companies are currently being investigated or facing charges for illegal profiteering, according to World Magazine.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








The 12th Flying Training Wing Headquarters at Randolph Air Force Base, part of Joint Base San Antonio.
A U.S. Air Force flight surgeon has claimed that he was punished by a commanding officer because of his Biblical beliefs about marriage and sexuality.Air Force Col. Michael Madrid, a decorated Air Force veteran and a flight surgeon, had been accused of making derogatory statements about homosexuality in 2013. He was cleared of the charges in 2014, but two years later, a new commander concluded that he lied. Despite the lack of new evidence or the lack of investigation, Maj. Gen. John E. McCoy placed a Letter of Admonishment on Madrid's record, which would ensure that he would never be promoted again.First Liberty Institute, a law firm dedicated to protecting religious liberty, sent a letter to Major Gen. Mark Brown at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, on Wednesday, asking him to rescind the Letter of Admonishment and the Unfavorable Information File on the Colonel's record."Col. Madrid submitted to an extensive military investigation and the Air Force cleared him," Mike Berry, Director of Military Affairs for the First Liberty, wrote, according to Breitbart News."Major General McCoy has no right to ignore the rule of law and arbitrarily decide, more than two years later and without any new evidence, that he can punish Col. Madrid," Berry continued.The complaint against Madrid was filed by an Airman who has been charged with multiple criminal offenses, including illegally bringing a loaded weapon onto the Air Force base, illegally prescribing narcotics and performing duties under the influence of narcotics. The Airman, who happened to be homosexual, was soon court-martialed and found guilty of all the charges.Madrid had tried to mentor the Airman, who was struggling with his medical career, but he supported the court-martial because of the severity of the crimes.During the court-martial, the Airman filed a complaint against Madrid, alleging that he made derogatory comments about homosexuality. Madrid denied the accusations, but he submitted to an Air Force investigation.The investigation against Madrid was eventually closed in 2014 after the Air Force found the allegations "unsubstantiated."First Liberty called on the Air Force to hold McCoy accountable for his actions and to provide justice and due process to Madrid."I feel like I've been singled out because of my faith. Now I'm afraid if I say anything about even being a Christian, I'll step on a landmine that could blow up my career," Madrid told Breitbart News."I just want to resolve this situation and have the letter removed from my record so I can continue to serve our nation with honor," he added.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Pastor Andrew Brunson appears in a screen capture of a video from the YouTube channel of the American Center for Law and Justice.
An American pastor who was imprisoned in Turkey due to his alleged ties to a terrorist organization is pleading with President Donald Trump to "fight" for his release.Pastor Andrew Brunson, who carried out his ministry in the Turkish coastal town of Izmir for two decades, has been in custody since October last year after he and his wife were called in by Turkish authorities for a routine visa check.Brunson was able to deliver a written statement to U.S. embassy officials when they came to visit him in prison on Tuesday, The Christian Post reported."I have been imprisoned since October 7, 2016. During this time the Turkish government has produced no proof and has rebuffed numerous attempts by the American government to secure my return to the United States. In fact they are treating the U.S. government with contempt and paying no price for it," the pastor wrote.Brunson defended his long track record as a pastor and insisted that he has been falsely accused of being a member of a terrorist group."I plead with my government – with the Trump Administration – to fight for me. I ask the State Department to impose sanctions. I appeal to President Trump: please help me. Let the Turkish government know that you will not cooperate with them in any way until they release me. Please do not leave me here in prison," he continued.Earlier this month, Brunson's 19-year-old daughter, Jacqueline, pleaded for an audience with Trump and asked for his help in securing his release. She said that the family believes that it would be helpful to have the president personally argue for the pastor's case to get him back home safely.Brunson's case has been taken up by the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ) and Sen. James Lankford (R-Okla.), who personally traveled to the Turkish capital of Ankara last December to learn more about the charges against the pastor.In a recent letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Lankford pointed out that Congress had granted the Executive Branch with sanction authority to use against government officials who are responsible for human rights violations. He stated that the U.S. government must not allow American citizens to spend time in a foreign prison without a concrete plan to secure their release.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








People inspect the damage after an attack by Islamic State militants in the city of Kirkuk, Iraq, October 22, 2016.
The findings of a study conducted by a Catholic charity in northern Iraq has indicated that the cost of rebuilding the villages destroyed by the Islamic State could exceed US$200 million (£160 million).The study, conducted by Aid to the Church in Need (ACN) on 12 Christian villages, found that 11,704 homes had suffered damage, 669 of which were completely destroyed, Independent Catholic News reported.ACN's Middle East Projects Coordinator Fr. Andrzej Halemba, who oversaw the study, noted that the charity is working with churches to come up with plans to allow Christians to return to their homes."Of course, ACN will support reconstruction, but we have to work together with other charities - alone it would be impossible to manage this," said Halemba."We were expecting the families to start going back in June and ACN has to be ready to help them to go back. But the latest information indicates that some families have decided to go back to the villages already during winter, despite the harsh weather conditions and very poor or destroyed infrastructure," he added.Some Christians have already started going back to the Nineveh Plains, and the survey conducted by the charity revealed that there is a growing appetite among the displaced communities to go home.The charity asked 1,500 displaced families, who sought sanctuary in Erbil, if they wanted to return to their villages now that they have been liberated from ISIS. Out of 1,308 respondents, 87 percent said they might be willing to return, with 41 percent saying they definitely want to go back."Hope is coming back to the Nineveh Plains. Despite the many urgent questions that need clarification, people are willing to return to their villages," Halemba noted.The survey also found that 57 percent of the respondents reported having their possessions plundered, and over 25 percent noted that their papers have been stolen.About 1,000 people have returned to the Nineveh town of Telskuf and other parts of the region, which was under the control of ISIS between August 2014 and November 2016.Unlike its neighboring village in Batnaya, where most homes were demolished, only 66 houses were destroyed in Telskuf, allowing 85 families to return by early March this year. However, 879 houses sustained some damage. There is still no electricity, and the water has to be bused in, but shops have already started selling meat and vegetables.ACN is still supporting 12,000 families in Erbil. The charity inspected the damage to social institutions such as schools, clinics and church buildings, but it only processed the data on private homes.Meanwhile, the operation to reclaim the Iraqi city of Mosul from ISIS continues. The terror group has used a number of civilians as human shields. According to the U.N., at least 307 people have been killed between Feb. 17 and March 22 in the battle for the city.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Evin House of Detention. 24 August 2008, 14:06
Iranian Christian convert Maryam Naghash Zargaran, who is currently incarcerated in the women's ward of Evin Detention Centre in Tehran, is in need of urgent medical care after suffering from severe weight loss.Zargaran, who was sentenced to four years' imprisonment in connection with her work at an orphanage with pastor Saeed Abedini, is suffering from multiple health issues, including ASD hole-in-the-heart disease, "drastic" weight loss, weakness, depression, and trauma.According to Mohabat News, Zargaran's health deteriorated last week and she is in urgent need of medical care by specialists.Zargaran has engaged in several hunger strikes to protest the denial of her access to medical treatment. Last August, she was allowed to leave prison for a medical leave, but she was ordered to return before the completion of her treatment.When she returned to prison in December, she was informed that her sentence had been extended by 42 days to make up for the time she went on medical leave.Zargaran's case was highlighted in Amnesty International's July 2016 report titled "Iran: Health taken hostage: Cruel denial of medical care in Iran's prisons."The report noted that Zargaran recounted an incident when "the prison doctor had harassed her and sworn at her the [first] time she was on a hunger strike and accused her of 'lying'" about it.Amnesty International further noted that Zargaran's heart problem, known as atrial septal defect (ASD), required ongoing monitoring and follow-up checkups with a cardiologist, but she did not have regular access to such care since her imprisonment in 2013.Zargaran's incarceration has also taken a toll on her mother, who is diagnosed with "brain illness" due to the stress caused by her frequent visits to government prosecutors to inquire about her daughter's case.According to the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom's report in April 2016, Zargaran is one of about 90 Christians who are "in prison, detained or awaiting trial because of their religious beliefs and activities."Henriette Kats, an analyst from the advocacy group Open Doors, noted that the Iranian regime has "intensified its campaign to remove Farsi-speaking [Persian-speaking] Christians from the country.""During past years, many churches have been shut down, confiscated or forced to cancel their church services in Farsi. Their leaders were also often arrested. Congregations who still gather in churches are not allowed to accept new members with a Muslim background and their current members are aging," she added.Iran is currently ranked on the Open Doors World Watch List as the fifth most difficult country to live in as a Christian.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








A widow, who lost her husband during clashes with herdsmen, holds a banner with the photograph of her husband, as she cries during a community dialogue meeting in Nimbo town in Nigeria's southeastern state of Enugu August 4, 2016.
Muslim Fulani herdsmen are said to be responsible for killing more than 200 people living in predominantly Christian communities in the central Nigerian state of Nasarawa this year.One of the latest attacks occurred during a church service on March 19 in Oshugu village, where two Christians were killed and hundreds were displaced from the Loko Development Area of the Nasarawa Local Government Area (LGA)."The attack on our village occurred this morning while we were in the church," a survivor identified only as Ittah told Morning Star News on the day of the incident."Our village head and one other person died, and many were injured. The sad thing is that these Fulanis have been attacking our communities, and no one is doing anything about it," Ittah continued.The Nasarawa-based Ajiri Afo Development Association has sent a petition to Nigeria's National State Assembly on March 16 to call attention to the "killings, rapes, and kidnappings" committed by armed Fulani herdsmen against the villagers. It noted that over 200 people have been killed, and 500 others have been injured since January."We are in pain and distressed, we are dying as a result of this destruction to our economic activity in our lands. Most of our farms and villages are now deserted due to insecurity," Aminu Suleiman, president of the association, stated in the petition.He reported that Fulani herdsmen have continually carried out attacks and kidnappings on Ajiri Afo farmers and villages in Nasarawa LGA, Kokona LGA, Agwada, Udege, and Loko Development Areas.The petition noted that the herdsmen attacked the villages of Udeni Magaji, Ogeni, Oshugu, Odeni Gida, Odu, Oseni, Ogufa, Ogapa, Gwende, and Ajaga."We want the government to also ensure the security of the affected communities against further attacks," Suleiman stated.Fulani herdsmen have been carrying out attacks on Christian farmers in Plateau, Bauchi, Kaduna, Taraba, and Adamawa states for years, but analysts have recently begun to see links between the assailants and the Islamic extremist groups who are intent on exploiting longstanding ethnic, property, and religious conflicts.On Tuesday, at least 15 communities in Orumba-South Local Government of Anambra State lamented that Fulani herdsmen were raping their wives and children.Chukwudi Ugochukwu, the spokesperson of the community, made the allegation while speaking during a stakeholders meeting at Orumba-South Local Government Council Secretariat.Ugochukwu claimed that the herdsmen are destroying the people's livelihoods by allowing their cows to graze on farms. He said that some women and girls who were on their way to the farms have been raped by the herdsmen. He further noted that no fewer than 20 cases of rape have been reported, but he said some have refused to talk for fear of being stigmatized.About 51 percent of Nigeria's population are Christians, while 45 percent are Muslims. Nigeria is currently ranked as the 12th on the Open Doors World Watch List of countries where Christians suffer the most persecution.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.








Terry McAuliffe stands onstage during a campaign rally in Dale City, Virginia, October 27, 2013.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe has rejected a legislation that was aimed at prohibiting the government from punishing those who refuse to participate in same-sex weddings due to their religious convictions.Two identical bills, Senate Bill 1324 and House Bill 2025, were vetoed last week by McAuliffe, who said in a statement that the legislation is "nothing more than an attempt to stigmatize."Senate Bill 1324, introduced by state Sen. Charles Carrico (R-Galax), would not require any individual or religious institution to "participate in the solemnization of any marriage" that conflicts with "a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction that marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman," Washington Blade reported.The identical bill was introduced by State Del. Nick Freitas (R-Culpeper) in the Virginia House of Delegates.The Democratic governor also vetoed a similar proposal last year. Republican supporters of the legislation said that it is necessary to protect religious freedom.The legislation also sought to protect churches and other religious organizations from losing state contracts, tax benefits, grants or other benefits for upholding their beliefs in traditional marriage.The governor argued that the Constitution already protects legitimate religious freedoms and claimed that the legislation would have been detrimental to the state's economy if it was signed into law.McAuliffe, who is often at odds with the Republican-led General Assembly over social issues, has now vetoed more legislation than any Virginia governor in history.The two bills were introduced after McAuliffe issued Executive Order 61, which requires the state to enter into government contracts only with businesses and organizations that have anti-discrimination policies that protect homosexuals and transgenders in "its employment practices, subcontracting practices, and delivery of goods or services."Some Christian groups accused McAuliffe of being discriminatory. The Family Foundation of Virginia contended that the bills would have ensured that a religious charity would not be denied access to state benefits for upholding its beliefs on traditional marriage."[O]nce again, Governor McAuliffe sided with the radical LGBT lobby and the ACLU in claiming that protecting the faiths of countless churches, religious schools and religious organizations amounts to discrimination and even going so far as to say it equates to 'demonizing people,'" the group said in a statement."The governor, of course, is all too comfortable with demonizing anyone who happens to disagree with him!" the group added.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Singapore has ordered the expulsion of an Indian imam after he made remarks against Jews and Christians during his Friday sermon at a mosque.