A Berkeley Institute of Governmental Studies (IGS) poll released Tuesday indicates that California Gov. Jerry Brown is the leading alternative to incumbent Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), in case the senior U.S. Senator decides not to run.by Joel B. Pollak0by Joel B. Pollak0by Assemblyman Tim Donnelly0by AWR Hawkins0by Chriss W. Street0by Breitbart Texas0by Michelle Moons0by Adelle Nazarian0by Chriss W. Street0by Joel B. Pollak0The Las Vegas taxpayer subsidy to build a stadium for the National Football League Raiders works out to $354 per resident. The cost will be paid, according to projections, by increased tourist traffic that will drastically increase hotel occupancy andby Chriss W. Street5 Apr 2017, 5:26 AM PDT0A Berkeley Institute of Governmental Studies (IGS) poll released Tuesday indicates that California Gov. Jerry Brown is the leading alternative to incumbent Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), in case the senior U.S. Senator decides not to run.by Joel B. Pollak5 Apr 2017, 5:17 AM PDT0A Clovis family won a court case against the California Department of Justice that forces the state agency to return 500 guns it had confiscated from Albert Sheakalee.by AWR Hawkins5 Apr 2017, 4:55 AM PDT0A contractor bidding on President Trump’s border wall wants to know if authorities will “rush in” to protect his crew if they come under “hostile fire” during construction, according to an Associated Press story reported by Yahoo News.by Assemblyman Tim Donnelly5 Apr 2017, 12:01 AM PDT0California Governor Jerry Brown told Adam Nagourney of the New York Times in an interview published on Tuesday that he does not use the word “resistance” to describe his opposition to President Donald Trump, and finds it inappropriate.by Joel B. Pollak4 Apr 2017, 12:37 PM PDT0Several Men pleaded guilty to a Marijuana Cultivation Operation at a Prehistoric Native American Site in California.by Breitbart Texas4 Apr 2017, 6:50 AM PDT0Katie Porter, a law professor at University of California, Irvine — and a former student and protégé of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) — announced Monday that she will run for Congress in Orange County’s 45th congressional district.by Assemblyman Tim Donnelly4 Apr 2017, 1:00 AM PDT0After BlackBerry’s stock price fell from $230 in 2007 to $6 in early March, the company’s new strategy — dumping its hardware business and reinventing itself as the leading security software provider for self-driving vehicles — began to pay off handsomely.by Chriss W. Street4 Apr 2017, 12:01 AM PDT0California’s State Senate passed SB 54 on Monday, rocketing the state one step closer to becoming an official “sanctuary state.”by Michelle Moons3 Apr 2017, 10:25 PM PDT0Pablo Gomez, Jr., a left-wing Berkeley student activist arrested in January for allegedly stabbing a popular French elementary school teacher to death, and severely injuring another woman, insists on being referred to as “they.”by Adelle Nazarian3 Apr 2017, 2:05 PM PDT0A vote by congressional Republicans last week ended California Gov. Jerry Brown’s effort to force 6.8 million private sector workers into a “Secure Choice” public-run retirement plan.by Chriss W. Street3 Apr 2017, 10:43 AM PDT0Wise, Sarsour, and their anti-Trump comrades honoring Odeh are knowingly endorsing the murder of Jews. Their actions, and the complicit silence of the rest of the so-called “resistance,” should haunt the anti-Trump movement forever.by Joel B. Pollak3 Apr 2017, 5:52 AM PDT0President Donald Trump approved a declaration of a “major disaster” in California over the weekend, freeing up federal funds for flood relief in several rural counties in response to requests from Governor Jerry Brown and local residents.by Joel B. Pollak3 Apr 2017, 4:57 AM PDT0The mosquitos that can carry the Zika virus have reportedly appeared in 129 California cities. With cold winter weather the only major obstacle to the Zika virus becoming America’s first pandemic since the 1957 Asian Flu, ground zero for a potential pandemic is now the West Coast.by Chriss W. Street2 Apr 2017, 3:50 PM PDT0On March 27, Breitbart News reported that “Footy McFoot Face” was leading all other possible names for San Diego’s Major League Soccer team by a wide margin.by AWR Hawkins2 Apr 2017, 3:40 PM PDT0Hundreds of children, teens, adults and seniors celebrated International Pillow Fight Day by participating in pillow fight in Downtown Los Angeles’s Pershing Square on Saturday for more than an hour.by Adelle Nazarian2 Apr 2017, 10:26 AM PDT0The Los Angeles Times — which did its best, it admits, to ensure that President Donald Trump would not be elected — has printed a strident, and nearly hysterical, editorial in which it calls the Trump presidency a “train wreck.”by Joel B. Pollak2 Apr 2017, 7:26 AM PDT0Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, told CNN’s Jake Tapper on State of the Union on Sunday morning that he “can’t say whether anything was masked or unmasked properly” after visiting the White House on Friday to see the same the surveillance documents that committee chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) saw last month.by Joel B. Pollak2 Apr 2017, 6:29 AM PDT0A college math professor went high-tech when he decided to play an April Fool’s Day prank on his students.by Katherine Rodriguez1 Apr 2017, 2:18 PM PDT0Nearly 4.5 million voters in this state cast their ballots for Donald Trump in the November election. More than 47 other states and just a fraction fewer than Texas and Florida.by Samuel Chi1 Apr 2017, 1:58 PM PDT0In the first poll, after Gov. Jerry Brown’s asked the California Legislature to raise gas taxes and vehicle registration fees to spend $5.2 billion a year more on transportation, voters solidly oppose paying more taxes to pay for Caltrans bad decision making by 3 to 1.by Chriss W. Street1 Apr 2017, 9:19 AM PDT0Traffic congestion and skyrocketing housing prices have caused approximately 46 percent of the Bay Area’s millennial residents to start looking at potentially exiting the increasingly unlivable region.by Adelle Nazarian1 Apr 2017, 9:03 AM PDT0A flight by an ultralight aircraft from Mexico, that violated Federal Aviation Administration regulations, crashed on U.S. soil.by Breitbart Texas1 Apr 2017, 6:47 AM PDT0Fox News correspondent Adam Housley reported Friday that a well-known and “very senior” former official in the intelligence community, not associated with the FBI, directed the unmasking of private Americans working for or with President Donald Trump’s presidential transition team.by Neil W. McCabe31 Mar 2017, 3:58 PM PDT0Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) is mounting a filibuster effort to stop the confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch.by Joel B. Pollak31 Mar 2017, 2:01 PM PDT0U.S. Judge Gonzalo Curiel of the Southern District of California approved the $25 million settlement in the Trump University lawsuit Friday, restoring most of the money that 3,700 litigants in the case had paid for real estate classes.by Joel B. Pollak31 Mar 2017, 12:29 PM PDT0An unemployed coach does not understand why the last quarterback he coached remains unemployed.by Dylan Gwinn31 Mar 2017, 9:25 AM PDT0Oculus Rift creator Palmer Luckey has left Facebook and Oculus six months after his support for an anti-Hillary Clinton organization during the 2016 presidential election was revealed.by Charlie Nash31 Mar 2017, 9:10 AM PDT0Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) just arrived in Washington, and she is already raising money for the California governor’s race — in 2026.by Joel B. Pollak31 Mar 2017, 5:22 AM PDT0Gov. Jerry Brown wants the Democrat-controlled state legislature to hike unpopular registration fees and fuel excise taxes by $5.2 billion a year to fix transportation over the next decade — after years of diverting $1.5 billion in transportation infrastructure taxes to subsidize California’s General Fund bond payments.by Chriss W. Street31 Mar 2017, 5:03 AM PDT0








by John Carney5 Apr 20170The private sector added 263,000 jobs during the month, according to the monthly report from ADP and Moody’s Analytics said. Economists had forecast just 185,000 new jobs in March, according to a survey conducted by Reuters.February’s jobs number was revised significantly down to 245,000 from the preliminary report of 298,000. That means that jobs creation appears to be picking up steam rather than slowing, as many economists expected after the initial strong start to the year.Small businesses led the jobs boom in March, with companies with fewer than 50 employees adding 118,000 positions. Companies with fewer than 20 employees created 60,000 of those jobs. Firms with 50 or more workers but fewer than 500 added 100,000, according to the report. The largest American companies added 45,000 jobs.It’s clear that makers and builders are making a big comeback this year. Goods producing companies added 82,0000 jobs in March, with manufacturing adding 30,000 jobs while construction payrolls grew by 49,000. Miners and natural resource companies added 4,000 jobs.“Job growth is off to a strong start in 2017. The gains are broad based but most notable in the goods producing side of the economy including construction, manufacturing and mining,” Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody’s Analytics said.The ADP and Moody’s report is generally viewed in the market as a preview of the official jobs figures, which are due from the Labor Department on Friday.Big Government, Economics, American companies, Jobs, Labor Department, Manufacturing Jobs, Moody’s Analytics, Small Businesses








The businessman and former New York Observer publisher has emerged as one of the most quietly recognizable figures in the President’s major foreign policy plays – and as a guiding force behind major domestic initiatives as head of the new Office of American Innovation. The President has made big promises betting on Kushner’s ability to deliver, among them the resolution of these five surprisingly delicate problems for a 36-year-old real estate mogul:Resolve the Israeli-Palestinian DisputeShortly before his inauguration, President Trump told The Times of London that he planned to give “good lad” Jared Kushner expansive powers for helping resolve critical international disputes, particularly brokering peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Touting Kushner’s “innate ability to make deals” in a separate interview, Trump guaranteed that Kushner would “secure an Israel deal which no one else has managed to get.”Trump has assured that Kushner “knows the region, knows the people, knows the players” and will be a critical broker in resolving conflict in the region.On Inauguration Day, Trump went even further: “If you can’t produce peace in the Middle East,” he told his son-in-law, “nobody can.”Kushner’s family boasts personal ties to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, but Kushner himself has not previously involved himself in Israeli politics. The Israeli government appeared open to relying on Kushner as a chief U.S. envoy. “We would be so happy if someone could bring peace to the Middle East. We welcome him,” Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said at the time.Eradicating ISIS from Iraq and SyriaLess of a diplomatic mission than a military one, Kushner appears to have assumed the task of helping pave the way for a peaceful, united post-Islamic State Iraq. Kushner traveled to the war-torn country this week, alongside chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford, to meet with Iraqi leaders and visit a key outpost near Mosul, the largest Islamic State stronghold in the country.Kushner met with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, whose spokesman said Kushner, Dunford, and the Iraqi officials discussed “the continuation of the cooperation to eliminate ISIS in Iraq and Syria, and also the training and arming of the Iraqi Army.”On Tuesday, Kushner and Dunford visited an Iraqi base near Mosul, the closest Dunford has been to the fighting (this is Kushner’s first visit to Iraq). According to Reuters, Kushner proclaimed the Iraqi-U.S. military efforts against the Islamic State “very impressive.”Ending The Opioid Addiction EpidemicLast week, President Trump appointed Kushner to be the head of the White House Office of American Innovation, a new government agency tasked with… innovation. Among the problems Kushner will be responsible for solving innovatively will be the growing rate of addiction to heroin, morphine, and other opioid drugs in the United States.As part of his work in the office, Kushner had reportedly been working behind the scenes for weeks with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie before the latter was announced as the new frontman of an anti-drug initiative in late March. While Kushner has remained largely silent in public on the topic, Christie has vowed to dedicate effort to the initiative.Bridging the Divide Between the Trump Administration and the Muslim CommunityAs with a number of other major international visits, Kushner sat in on an Oval Office meeting earlier this year with Vice President Mike Pence, chief of staff Reince Priebus, and Saudi Deputy Crown Prince and Defense Minister Mohammed bin Salman. According to a Buzzfeed report citing leaders attending the meeting this week, Kushner also led a conversation with Muslim-American leaders shortly after the election.The Buzzfeed report claims Kushner met with “a prominent imam, a civil rights attorney, the director of a nonprofit that studies violent extremism, and two venture capitalists,” and the meeting “went smoothly,” in part due to Kushner’s “friendly tone.”There is little more information on whether the meeting was the first in a series or what the objectives of that meeting were. As Kushner’s star has risen following Trump’s election, however, the President appears to be trusting Kushner more and more in precisely these settings: roundtables with prominent individuals focused on how to solve problems. And in this case – between advocacy by Muslim interest groups against Trump and media disinformation on Trump initiatives to keep the country safe – a gentle hand may be the key to fostering cooperation.Maintaining Friendly Ties to the Government of MexicoWhile Kushner’s foreign policy responsibilities appear largely tethered to the Middle East, he emerged an unlikely diplomatic tool for the President to use in his relationship with Mexico.In January, the Chicago Tribune cited an administration official as confirming that Kushner had played a pivotal role in resolving a short-lived disagreement between Trump and Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto. By March, when Mexican Foreign Secretary Luis Videgaray arrived in Washington, Videgaray met with Kushner before visiting the State Department, as is typically done.The Washington Post reported that Kushner involved Videgaray in the drafting of remarks by President Trump regarding the wall Trump promised to build on the U.S.-Mexico border and that the chief diplomat helped Kushner and Trump edit a speech that was well-received by Mexican authorities and reportedly garnered Kushner praise behind the scenes.Big Government, National Security, Donald Trump, Iraq, Israel, Jared Kushner, Office of American Innovation








Wall design proposal from DarkPulse Technology, located in Arizona. The proposal calls for tunnel intrusion detection and a ballistic wall capable of surviving a tank round. (Image via AP)Officials are expected to choose 4-10 companies to build a prototype section of wall to demonstrate their bid’s viability and effectiveness. Officials with knowledge of the plan spoke to the Daily Mail on condition of anonymity and said the prototypes would be built on a quarter-mile strip of federally owned land near San Diego.The Trump Administration began seeking bids to build prototypes of the wall in February, Breitbart Texas reported. More than 300 companies quickly signed up to present proposals on how to take the President’s vision and promise to reality.Expressing concern over security during the construction process, bidders asked how the government would respond to help their crews if they came under “hostile attack,” the Daily Mail reported. Another company expressed the desire to allow their workers to carry a sidearm for self-defense. They want the government to protect them and their workers from lawsuits if the use of deadly force became necessary.The government plans to use Border Patrol agents and local police to establish “buffer zones” around the construction projects to ensure the safety of workers. However, the San Diego police and sheriff’s office said their protection would extend to peaceful, law-abiding protesters, and made no mention of protecting construction workers.‘There will be a lot of different activity – protests, prayer vigils – on both sides of the wall,’ Enrique Morones, executive director of Border Angels, an open border advocacy group, told the Daily Mail. ‘We pray and hope that they’re peaceful.’Breitbart Texas reported in March, that efforts to obtain private land along the Texas/Mexico border have already begun. Nearly 600 miles of the border is owned by private individuals, tribal nations, and various other governmental entities, according to the General Accounting Office.Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.Big Government, Breitbart Texas, Pre-Viral








Tuesday night on CNN, host Don Lemon said there was an “effort to tar and feather” President Barack Obama’s National Security Adviser Susan Rice over reports she unmasked members of Donald Trump’s transition team.Lemon said, “So far, we’ve seen no evidence that she’s done anything improper and it seems like an effort to tar and feather her to try to make a lie the truth, the original tweet by the president.”Former Obama administration green jobs czar Van Jones agreed that Susan Rice was “being tarred, feathered, and burned alive for doing her job in a good way.”Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBreitbart TV, Don Lemon, Susan Rice








Martin Kugler, Austrian historian and founder of the Observatory on Intolerance and Discrimination Against Christians in Europe, said Christians were being marginalised on the continent while Muslims are treated much more carefully.Speaking to ACI Prensa, the Spanish edition of the Catholic News Agency, Mr. Kugler accused Europe’s elites of pressuring Christians into hiding their faith while permitting Muslims to display theirs.Europe has witnessed a secularist offensive, he added, but politicians have different criteria in dealing with Christians and Muslims, permitting the Islamic veil while trying to removing crosses from public places.He cited the example of air hostesses and nurses disciplined, or sometimes even fired, for wearing small crosses, or attempts to remove nativity scenes from public places.“The justification is separation between church and state, but in my opinion this is no more than an excuse. What European radical secularism is trying to do, in the name of tolerance and neutrality in the public square, is impose an ideology that means the expulsion of Christians from public life.”Mr. Kugler also pointed to the rise of Islam in Europe driven by demographic change, saying it is a “great challenge” for Christian culture, but adding: “I think aggressive secularism is more dangerous for European Christians.”“If Christians had the freedom to follow their conscience, with their schools and their rights, it would be much easier for them to confront the rise of Muslim culture.”He referred to the words of German Chancellor Angela Merkel who said: “We do not need less Islam, we need more Christianity.”“It is interesting that Angela Merkel made this statement, because she is not a very observant Christian,” he added.It is also necessary for Christians to have better knowledge of their own faith if they are to have any hope of protecting it.“Many German Christians do not know to explain the message of the bible to Muslims, or the significance of Christian celebrations such as Easter. They do not know how to explain Church teaching. There is a lack of formation and bravery on the part of European Christians.”“Many Christian citizens, or ‘conservatives’, behave like an ‘angry majority’ instead of acting like a ‘creative minority’, forgetting that practising Christians in Europe are already a minority.”Breitbart London, Faith, assault on Christianity








In an interview with Extra, the Boss Baby actor said that he would enter politics if only to offer “something different” to the American people.“I would love to run for office because I think people need something different,” Baldwin said, adding, “I think that all the people that are on deck in 2020, none of them are going to win.”“None of those people are going to beat [Trump],” the 59-year-old star continued. “You think things are bad now; I tell you when things are going to be worse, if he wins again.”To be clear, Baldwin, who has spent months playing Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live, ruled out adding himself to the ballet: “We’re not going to do that.”Asked if he is worried that his new memoir, titled Nevertheless, will caused controversy, Baldwin said “I’m married, we have a wonderful family, that’s all I care about.”Earlier this week, Baldwin appeared on Good Morning America to promote his new book, during which he opened up about a 2007 voicemail to his then-11-year-old daughter Ireland.“It’s thrown in your face every day,” Baldwin said of the voicemail, which was leaked to the media, and caught the actor calling his daughter a “rude, thoughtless little pig.”“There are people who admonish me, or attack me, and use that as a constant spearhead to do that,” Baldwin explained. “It’s a scab that never heals because it’s been picked at all the time by so many people. I think my daughter, that’s hurt her in a permanent way.”On Tuesday, producer Dana Brunetti — who worked with Baldwin on the 2006 independent film Mini’s First Time — slammed the actor’s claim in his biography that he did not know he was filming sex scenes with an underage Nikki Reed. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudsonBig Hollywood, Alec Baldwin, Dana Brunetti, Donald Trump, Nevertheless, Nikki Reed








All 11 people standing for the French presidency took part in the epic debate, including less well known candidates polling barely above one per cent.Front National leader Marine Le Pen was able to paint herself as a moderate against the words of her smaller rivals, telling François Asselineau, president of the obscure Popular Republican Union, her position was “less brutal” than his policy of unilaterally withdrawing from the EU.Mr. Asselineau responded by accusing Ms. Le Pen of not really wanting ‘Frexit’, to which she responded: “The French will decide.”The only candidate to passionately support the EU was independent Emmanuel Macron, Ms. Le Pen’s main rival for the presidency, who accused her of wanting to cause “economic war”.“What you are proposing, Ms. Le Pen, is a reduction in French people’s purchasing power, because for savers and for workers, withdrawing from the euro will be a reduction in spending power,” he said.The Front National leader accused Mr. Macron of pretending “to be something new when you are speaking like old fossils that are at least 50 years old”.French daily Le Figaro called the debate a “cacophony” as the 11 candidates shouted at and interrupted one another for four hours.The paper said things soon turned to confusion as the candidates debated “without much coherence”, with different candidates seeming to ally with others and then oppose them later.Broadcaster France 24 also called the debate “more surreal than enlightening” and criticised the decision to allow all 11 candidates to debate.“The open contest on the BFM TV and CNEWS networks, while laudable in principle, was absurd in effect with so much on the line. And the top candidates, many of whom have been openly lukewarm about contesting a similar third broadcast on April 20, might be wise to stay away.”Breitbart London, Emmanuel Macron, France, French Presidential Elections 2017, Marine Le Pen








“My hair is on fire about this, I am really upset about this,” said Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill, the top Democrat on the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. “We are signaling something that is very non-American to the rest of the world by announcing this [border] policy,” she told Gen. John Kelly, the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. McCaskill — who is up for re-election in November —also complained that the policy would be ineffective at stopping terrorists. “If they know we’re going to look at their phones, and we know we’re going to ask [ideological questions] … they’re going to lie. Are we going to use polygraphs?”“We could do that for all the people we put into secondary [review],” Kelly responded. “Generally speaking, the average tourist coming into the United States is not” going to be asked for their phones or be asked questions about their beliefs, Kelly said.McCaskill also suggested that the preferences of foreigners should be considered equal to the preferences of Americans, saying “Americans would never put up with this in other countries … we don’t want to send that signal.”Kelly rejected McCaskill’s complaints, “this is nothing new – we’ve being [asking ideological questions] for a couple of years,” and suggested that officials might use lie-detecting polygraph tests on some visitors who might lie about their links with jihad groups.For many years, immigration documents, including the N-400 citizenship application form, have required would-be immigrants to describe their ties with various ideological groups and to explain their personal beliefs. GOP members of the committee slammed McCaskill.Committee chairman Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson noted that the border officials checked the phones of 26,000 visiting individuals in 2016, up from less than 1,000 in 2015. “This is not new – this is being blown somewhat out of proportion,” Johnson said. Only 0.06 percent of visitors arriving from overseas flights have their phones checked, he said. Sen. John McCain also pushed back against McCaskill. The stream of news reports showing the Islamic State sending people to launch terrorist attacks in the United States “sets my hair on fire,” he said, adding “maybe we ought to put a little perspective on this hysteria.”GOP Sen. Rand Paul said officials should not be allowed to demand to view the cellphones of returning citizens. ‘That’s obscene,” he told Kelly, adding that officials probably have the right to exclude people who refuse to have their phones inspected. Kelly downplayed the particular ideological questions cited by McCaskill, even as he pushed back against her complaints. “We will go to those questions or request social media [access on cellphones] … We’ll be going in that direction when the [DHS] professionals at the [border] counter decide to go in that direction,” he said. Searching visitors’ cell phones is just like searching visitors’ luggage, Kelly said, adding that most searches of cell phones consist of quick searches through stored photographs and videos. In one recent case, border officials asked a visitor from the Middle East for his phone, which showed contacts with several terrorist organizers, plus images of murdered gays, Kelly said. Border officials asked for his phone because “there was something not quite right about him,”  he said, adding that “we sent him back.”In other searches of cellphones, “we find child pornography, we find really grisly photos of terrorist acts,” he said.In her second round of questions after the criticism from GOP senators, McCaskill partially retreated. “For some [visitors], maybe we should do polygraphs,” she said, and then changed the subject to other questions, such as rules for checking domestic air travelers’ identification.  Big Government, Immigration, Jihad, Homeland Security, jihad, John Kelly








Yeah, me neither.Word came down on Tuesday that ESPN removed Sage Steele from the NBA Countdown show, making Michelle Beadle the full-time host. Beadle and Steele had split co-hosting duties until recently.The move is kind of a shocker, with less than two weeks away from the start of the NBA playoffs, when you would think most networks would be consumed with postseason broadcast preparations, and not making lineup changes to their broadcast teams.However, the move seems much less of a shocker when you consider who Sage Steele is, and who she works for.Steele committed the cardinal sin of daring to challenge the liberal orthodoxy that racism can only come from whites. While speaking at a conference on race in February, Steele said, “The worst racism that I have received [as a biracial woman married to white man], and I mean thousands and thousands over the years, is from black people, who in my mind thought would be the most accepting because there has been that experience. But even as recent as the last couple of weeks, the words that I have had thrown at me I can’t repeat here and it’s 99 percent from people with my skin color. But if a white person said those words to me, what would happen?”And, why had Steele become subject to such insults? Steele spoke out against leftists who delayed flights while protesting President Trump’s executive orders on immigration. She also criticized Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans for kneeling in protest during the national anthem.For those stances, Steele was excoriated on social media.Of course, no one at ESPN would actually say that Steele was taken off her show due to her political beliefs, nor could such a thing be definitively proved from the outside looking in.However, while no one can prove Steele’s political views are the reason for her removal from NBA Countdown, it’s perfectly reasonable to claim that the reaction to her firing has everything to do with her political views.After all, here we have a black woman replaced by a white woman, on a show that covers a league which is overwhelmingly black. And yet, where has the sports media outrage gone? Who is accusing ESPN of racism, for pulling one of the relatively very few black voices in sports broadcasting in exchange for just another white person? Who’s talking about Steele’s ability to understand the culture of the sport which she covers much better than Beadle, because she’s black and can identify with their story?If Steele had established herself as a hardcore lefty, like Jemele Hill and others have, would she be getting that kind of outpouring of sympathy? It’s very reasonable to believe she would.Still, Steele’s time at ESPN isn’t over. She signed a long-term deal with the company and will likely be put on several new assignments, in addition to her on-site SportsCenter duties. Nonetheless, like Curt Schilling and Rush Limbaugh before her, Steele has once again shown that if anyone attacks political correctness, or liberal politics, while at ESPN they will pay a very, very steep price.Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinnBreitbart Sports, ESPN, Michelle Beadle, NBA, Sage Steele, SportsCenter








“The backstory is that this all started at the very beginning of the Trump administration, with a lengthy oppo dump by Eli Clifton, who is a former Center for American Progress staffer. He was writing at LobeLog, which is an anti-Israel blog,” Reaboi explained. “He laid out basically the fruits of some opposition research that was done on Seb Gorka, who as you know is a former Breitbart guy and friend of mine, and now a deputy assistant to the president for counterterrorism.” “From there the Forward picked it up and – I’m not kidding you, they’ve done about 30 pieces over the last six weeks,” he said. “That’s a lot of time and energy and effort directed at hammering Seb over this stuff, and one allegation is thinner than the next.” “They really reached a new low this past week when they put out a video of Seb in 2007 in Hungarian, in which they completely mistranslated the text. Now, it just so happens that I guess we lucked out, because not only am I a friend of Seb’s and a fellow counterterrorism expert, but I also speak Hungarian. So it was bad news for the Forward,” said Reaboi.“We’re starting to get into serious money here,” he said of the assault on Gorka. “We’re talking about thousands of man-hours to do research, to do writing, to do multiple bylines. Somebody’s getting paid from this.”Kassam noted that fundraising is also being done based on the Gorka smear effort, as can be seen by visiting Forward’s website. “There’s a little splash page when you go to their website saying something like, ‘Help us take Dr. Gorka down. Donate five dollars here,’ right? Who does that? Scumbags,” Kassam said.“Scumbags would be the nice word for it,” Reaboi agreed. “They took an 11-minute video and the edited it into two minutes, and in so doing they did it with like 10 different edits,” Reaboi explained. “These are stealth edits, and it was done such that it looks like he’s saying – it looks coherent, but only if you really look at it and you see the full transcript, you can see what’s edited out.”“For example, it begins without a question being asked. It begins mid-sentence,” he noted. “I had to look at it three or four times until I realized that they actually mistranslated him completely in Hungarian, because as an example, in Hungarian grammatically, you support and they support are the same. You have to see the context.”Kassam summed up Forward’s approach by saying they clipped out everything negative Gorka said about the far-right Jobbik party in Hungary, transforming his analysis of their position into a statement of support. “How did they get something so wrong, and do you think there is a case to be made by Dr. Sebastian Gorka on this, that this is outright libel?” he asked.“If he was not a public figure, definitely,” Reaboi replied. “If he wasn’t a busy guy with a very public job, then definitely this is something that he could take them to court over. But because of his position, it’s really not an option.”Kassam noted that the American Jewish Committee has apparently endorsed Forward’s reporting by calling for an investigation of Gorka.“These guys are all partisan Democrats,” Reaboi noted. “It’s a sad state of affairs, but much of the organized Jewish establishment, if you will – professional Jews, the same way you have professional Christians and professional Muslims – a lot of those guys and women are now partisan Democrats. They’ve been very successful at this. You saw it with some senators who right away rushed out of the box to do this.”“Look, it was coordinated because it’s coming from the Forward, which has this tradition as a quote-unquote ‘Jewish paper.’ They took the word ‘Jewish’ out of their name. The attacks originated at an anti-Israel blog. They were amplified by the Forward strategically, just so that they could make this point. It’s so cynical. It’s so cynical, man. It’s just crazy,” he lamented.Speaking as “someone who is a Jew, who knows Seb and is familiar with the context of Hungarian politics and all this,” Reaboi repeated that it was insane to accuse Gorka of anti-Semitism.Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.LISTEN:Big Government, National Security, Radio, american jewish committee, anti-semitism, David Reaboi, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, hungary, Jobbik, Jobbik party, LobeLog, The Forward, U.S. President Donald J Trump








Gorsuch has written thousands of pages as a federal judge. Prior to that, with not only a law degree from Harvard but also a D.Phil. (the UK version of a Ph.D.) from Oxford, Gorsuch became a published academic scholar. On the eve of his confirmation to join the U.S. Supreme Court, his critics are accusing him of three instances of plagiarism.Allegations of plagiarism have come from both Buzzfeed and Politico.One person Gorsuch is accused of plagiarizing, Abigail Lawlis Kuzma, flatly refuted the attack. “I have reviewed both passages and do not see an issue here, even though the language is similar,” she began. “Given that these passages both describe the basic facts of the case, it would have been awkward and difficult for Judge Gorsuch to have used different language.”Emeritus Professor Jon Finnis of Oxford University agreed. Finnis supervised Gorsuch’s dissertation, which contains some of the allegedly plagiarized material. He responds, “None of the allegations has any substance or justification.” He adds, “Neil Gorsuch’s writing and citing was easily and well within the proper and accepted standards of scholarly research and writing in the field of study in which he and I work.”Professor Robert George of Princeton University was the general editor for Gorsuch’s publisher, the Princeton University Press. “I can only say that [these allegations’] timing and substance (or, more to the point, lack of substance) makes it difficult to avoid the conclusion that this is a politically motivated effort to smear him in the hope of derailing his confirmation,” George surmised.“Judge Gorsuch did not attempt to steal other people’s intellectual property … In no case did he seek credit for insights or analysis that had been purloined,” George continued. Noting that Gorsuch’s book went through a rigorous peer review process under the auspices of Princeton before being accepted for publication, George concluded, “Not only is there no fire, there isn’t even any smoke.”“This false attack has been strongly refuted by highly regarded academic experts, including those who reviewed, professionally examined, and edited Judge Gorsuch’s scholarly writings, and even the author of the main piece cited in the false attack,” said White House spokesman Steven Cheung. “There is only one explanation for this baseless, last-second smear of Judge Gorsuch: those desperate to justify the unprecedented filibuster of a well-qualified and mainstream nominee to the Supreme Court.”A final vote to confirm Gorsuch to the Supreme Court is expected Friday.Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.Big Government, harvard, Jon Finnis, Neil Gorsuch, Oxford, plagiarism, Princeton, Robert George, Supreme Court








by AP5 Apr 20170WASHINGTON (AP) — Oregon Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley ends marathon Senate speech against Supreme Court nominee after more than 15 hours.








CLINTON, Md. (AP) — The Latest on an F-16 crash in the Washington suburbs (all times local):11:40 a.m.Residents of a suburban Washington neighborhood say their house shook when a fighter jet crashed nearby.Air Force officials said in a statement Wednesday that the D.C. Air National Guard F-16C was flying with other aircraft when it crashed southwest of Joint Base Andrews. Prince George’s County fire department spokesman Mark Brady tweets that the pilot, who ejected from the plane, is in good condition.The plane went down in woods behind a small subdivision of two-story brick homes in Clinton. Brady says the plane crashed about 200 yards from homes, but no injuries or damage was reported on the ground.Tyrone Wolridge and his wife, Tina, say it felt like an earthquake and they saw a plume of smoke.Crystal Hollingsworth says she heard a “huge crash” followed by the sound of “live rounds” that seemed like they lasted for “a minute or two.”___11:10 a.m.The military says a fighter jet pilot on a training mission ejected safely before the aircraft crashed a few miles from the U.S. capital.Air Force officials said in a statement Wednesday that the D.C. Air National Guard F-16C was flying with other aircraft when it crashed in a wooded area in Clinton, a Washington suburb that’s about 6 miles (nearly 10 kilometers) southwest of Joint Base Andrews.Officials say the pilot, the only person on board, sustained injuries that aren’t thought to be life-threatening.Prince George’s County fire department spokesman Mark Brady tells WRC-TV that a pilot parachuted out of the aircraft and was picked up by a military helicopter. Brady says homes in the area are being evacuated. There are no other reports of injuries.








Transcranial electrical stimulation was one of many technologies put forward by former President Obama’s Secretary of Defense, Ash Carter, in July of last year, as part of the Defense Innovation Unit (Experimental) initiative, also known as DIUx. “Earlier this year, Naval Special Warfare units, working with DIUx, began a specific cognitive enhancement project with a small group of volunteers to test and evaluate achieving higher performance through the use of neuro-stimulation technology,” Capt. Jason Salata told Military.com. SEAL Team Six was reportedly one of the units involved in the testing.The technology, created by Halo Neuroscience, uses a headset that looks similar to headphones. The technology does not technically result in cognitive enhancement, according to Chief Technology Officer and Co-Founder Brett Wingeier, but “neuro-priming,” which stimulates “the brain to enter a state of hyper-elasticity, allowing users to learn better and more efficiently.”According to Salata, early results of the technology in the military “show promising signs.” Rear Admiral Tim Szymanski explained the improvements shown in an experiment involving people watching screens over a long period of time:In experiments, people who were watching these screens … their ability to concentrate would fall off in about 20 minutes… But they did studies whereby a little bit of electrical stimulation was applied, and they were able to maintain the same peak performance for 20 hours… They’re training at this amazingly high level, and the amount they can train is actually limited by things like physical recovery… They want to be able to maintain those incredible physical standards as efficiently as possible. That helps them avoid injury. If I was to sum it up, it’s kind of all about just training a little bit smarter.However, Szymanski also made sure to highlight that while he was interested in more performance-enhancing technologies, he was aware of the possible dangers that may be entailed in future research:I’m always anxious, because I’m in a community of risk-takers… Guys may want to try experimenting on their own, which is against policy and has to be completely drug-tested and those types of things. So I’d want to do that in a very systematic kind of way.Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.National Security, Tech, Navy SEALS








Last March, C.K. wrote a lengthy email to his fans and urged conservative voters to not mimic “Germany in the ’30s” and vote for the “insane bigot” Donald Trump.“Please stop it with voting for Trump,” C.K. wrote. “It was funny for a little while. But the guy is Hitler. And by that I mean that we are being Germany in the ’30s. Do you think they saw the sh*t coming? Hitler was just some hilarious and refreshing dude with a weird comb over who would say anything at all.”The Hitler comparison earned C.K. a spot on the cover of the New York Daily News alongside Trump. The comedian now says he regrets “saying it,” but insists that that “doesn’t mean it’s not true.”“I thought he was some new kind of evil but he’s just a lying sack of sh*t,” C.K. said of Trump Tuesday in an appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. Explaining his thinking, the Horace and Pete star categorized different kinds of liars.“Sometimes people lie. ‘That guy lied, they found out he lied.’ And then there’s somebody who lies once in a while, can’t quite stay inside the boundaries of truth, right? Somebody who lies sometimes,” C.K. continued. “Then you have a liar, who’s somebody who has a problem, they can’t help it, they lie a lot. And then you have [Trump] a lying sack of sh*t. It’s insane, he’s just a gross crook, dirty, rotten, lying sack of sh*t.”When Colbert pointed out that a Trump supporter was in the audience, C.K. said the man is nothing more than a “victim” of Trump’s lying.“He lied to him. He didn’t lie to me. Everybody else was like, ‘Yeah, no, that’s not true.’ But that guy bought it,” he said.The former Late Night with Conan O’Brien writer was promoting his new Netflix comedy special, tilted Louis C.K. 2017.  Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudsonBig Hollywood, Donald Trump, Hitler, Louis C.K., Stephen Colbert








Members of the so-called AIK Ultras, the dedicated fans of Stockholm’s Allmänna Idrottsklubben (AIK) team, also unfurled a giant banner at the match in Sweden Sunday thanking the law for a religious provision loophole.Swedish law specifically bans people in “a public place attending a public meeting under the Public Order Act” if there is a disturbance of the peace, or “immediate danger of such a breach” — making full face coverings generally illegal at football games. Those breaking the law can be fined or imprisoned for up to six months.Yet understanding of particular religious minorities in Sweden means the second paragraph of the face covering law created an exception: “The ban does not apply to covering the face for religious reasons.”La Suède ayant interdit le port de masques et cagoules dans les stades, les ultras portent désormais des niqabs…. dont le port est légal. pic.twitter.com/eYUK2In6Yo— PassionFootball Club (@PassionFootClub) April 4, 2017Making the most of the new law intended to curb antisocial behaviour at football games, large numbers of AIK Ultra members were seen at the game wearing niqabs — the full face covering cloth which forms part of the Islamic hijab.The colossal banner held by fans in the stands made reference to the Swedish politician who introduced the ban, Anders Ygeman. It read: “AIK’s ultras are well meaning, we’re now wearing masks for religious reasons. Freedom for ultras is the goal, thanks Ygeman for the loophole.”Speaking to bestselling Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet’s Sportbladet section, Minister of Home Affairs Ygeman said he found the episode “pretty funny” and said the fans clearly had a sense of humour — but said if fans continued to use the religious exception the courts may decide the legal loophole doesn’t apply on a case-by-case basis if they found niqab-wearing men up before them.The minister confirmed that police would not require football fans turning up to matches in niqabs to prove their religion on the spot.While the Swedish mask ban was introduced to deal with particular problems, including violence at matches, this is not the first time European football fans have invoked Islam to make political points. Breitbart London reported in 2015 when Polish football fans unfurled a giant 50-foot ‘stand and defend Christianity’ banner at a premier league match.Running to thousands of square feet, the banner depicted an armed crusader standing over Europe repelling migrant boats carrying terrorists. Breitbart London, Breitbart Sports, Faith, hijab, Islam, niqab, Sweden








Senate Republican leadership must now assemble the necessary votes for the “constitutional option” ahead of the vote on McConnell’s motion, now scheduled for Thursday, which would end debate and allow a vote of the full Senate on Gorsuch if he is to have any hope of being confirmed. At least fifty of the Senate’s fifty-two Republicans will have to sign on to change Senate rules to allow simple majority votes on cloture for Supreme Court nominees.Senate Democrats have assembled at least forty-two senators who have pledged to filibuster any effort to bring Gorsuch to a vote of the full Senate — one more than is needed to prevent a vote under current Senate rules. The Democratic filibuster was put over the top during Monday’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, at which Gorsuch was approved in a party-line 11-9 vote, making the constitutional option the only likely path to confirmation.Senate rule changes can be accomplished by a simple majority. Because Vice-President Mike Pence holds the tie-breaking vote as President of the Senate, the constitutional option could be invoked if two or fewer Republican senators refuse to join the effort. If Republicans succeed Thursday in invoking cloture, the Senate would hold a vote of the full membership Friday, in which fifty-five senators — all fifty-two Republicans and three Democrats — have pledged to confirm Judge Gorsuch to the nation’s highest court.Several Republicans who had previously expressed their uncertainty or misgivings on the idea have confirmed they will back the constitutional option. Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA), who, in the weeks before the cloture-proof filibuster took shape, was unwilling to commit to changing Senate rules, came out forcefully in favor of the constitutional option Monday night, telling CNN’s Wolf Blitzer he “absolutely” would support what Blitzer called the “nuclear option.”Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN), who, due to his dealing with Harry Reid’s Democratic majority during the Obama Administration to preserve the filibuster, was seen as a possible holdout, gave his strongest indication yet that he is prepared to do whatever is necessary to bring Gorsuch to a vote. Tuesday afternoon he told Breitbart News:The Democrats have once again gone into a room and convinced themselves to do something that’s never been done before in the 230-year history of the Senate, and that is to require more than 51 votes to confirm a Supreme Court nominee. I have spoken on the Senate floor twice in recent weeks to try to convince Democrats not to filibuster Judge Gorsuch’s nomination because it will be damaging to the Senate and to the country. When I was in the minority, I opposed President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan, but I did not support a filibuster of her nomination — I believed she was entitled to a majority vote — and Judge Gorsuch is also entitled to a majority vote.A remaining member of the “Gang of 14” senators who reached an agreement to save the sixty-vote cloture rule in 2005, Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME), told reporters Tuesday morning she was not committed to a repeat of that deal. “If it’s necessary in order to get him confirmed I may have to vote that way, but I certainly don’t want to,” she said about voting for the constitutional option.Fellow Gang of 14 member Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) has been perhaps the most negative on the constitutional option, telling CNN that it would be a “dark day in this history of the United States’ Senate.” Even he, however, appeared resigned to the constitutional option’s likelihood. “It’s going to happen,” he said. “And it’s interesting that Republicans were dead set against it when my former colleague Harry Reid invoked it with the judges, but now it seems to be okay.”The offices of Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) and Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN), two Republicans who have been reluctant to endorse the constitutional option, did not respond to Breitbart News’s requests for comment.Big Government, constitutional option, Judge Neil Gorsuch, SCOTUS, Sen. Bill Cassidy (R.-La.), Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN), Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN), Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK), Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME)








Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) called on former National Security Advisor Susan Rice to be brought in front of Congress under subpoena and asked questions about allegations she was behind the unmasking of American identities in raw surveillance.Paul also said she should be asked about former President Barack Obama’s knowledge of these alleged activities.“For years, both progressives and libertarians have been complaining about these backdoor searches,” Paul said. “It’s not that we’re searching maybe one foreign leader and who they talk to; we search everything in the whole world. There were reports a couple of years ago that all of Italy’s phone calls were absorbed in a one month period of time. We were getting Merkel’s phone calls; we were getting everybody’s phone calls. But by rebound we are collecting millions of Americans phone calls. If you want to look at an American’s phone call or listen to it, you should have to have a warrant, the old fashioned way in a real court where both sides get represented.”“But a secret warrant by a secret court with a lower standard level because we’re afraid of terrorism is one thing for foreigners but both myself and a Progressive Ron Wyden have been warning about these back door searches for years and that they could be politicized,” he continued. “The facts will come out with Susan Rice. But I think she ought to be under subpoena. She should be asked did you talk to the president about it? Did President Obama know about this? So this is actually, eerily similar to what Trump accused them of which is eavesdropping on conversations for political reasons.”Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poorBreitbart TV, Morning Joe, MSNBC, Rand Paul, Susan Rice








“Susan Rice testimony now essential, but insufficient,” Coulter tweeted on Tuesday. “Must hear from Obama.”Susan Rice testimony now essential, but insufficient.  Must hear from Obama. #PutObamaUnderOath— Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) April 4, 2017Coulter also suggested in another tweet that Michelle Obama may be able to shed some light on the White House surveillance activities during her husband’s tenure.“I don’t know if what she knows is privileged, but we need to hear from Michelle too,” Coulter tweeted.I don’t know if what she knows is privileged, but we need to hear from Michelle, too. #PutObamaUnderOath— Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) April 4, 2017Rice allegedly ordered surveillance of Donald Trump’s campaign aides during the 2016 presidential election, and maintained spreadsheets of their telephone calls, the Daily Caller reported.The alleged spreadsheets add a new dimension to reports on Sunday and Monday by blogger Mike Cernovich and Eli Lake of Bloomberg News that Rice had asked for Trump aides’ names to be “unmasked” in intelligence reports.The alleged “unmasking” may have been legal, but may also have been part of an alleged political intelligence operation to disseminate reports on the Trump campaign widely throughout government with the aim of leaking them to the press.The surveillance and spreadsheet operation were allegedly “ordered one year before the 2016 presidential election.” According to a Fox News report on Monday, former White House aide Ben Rhodes was also involved.Big Government, Ann Coulter, Michelle Obama, Obama, surveillance, Susan Rice, Trump campaign aides








Cernovich reported Sunday evening that Rice had requested the “unmasking” of incoming Trump officials, which refers to the identification of Americans incidentally caught up in surveillance of foreign targets.The revelation, reported first by Cernovich Sunday evening, showed Rice, a member of the Obama administration, had viewed communications involving incoming Trump administration officials — albeit not “wire tapping” as Trump had specifically asserted.Trump critics and former Obama NSC officials did not dispute the report, but argued that Rice did nothing “illegal.”Trump administration officials have not argued that unmasking was “illegal,” only that leaking to media the identities of those unmasked was illegal, which happened to then-incoming National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.4. Unmasking is also NOT ILLEGAL OR UNETHICAL. This story is that Susan Rice was doing her job https://t.co/dSSVkpMaOv— Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) April 3, 2017Some critics, including 2016 presidential candidate Evan McMullin , argued it was perfectly “valid” to request the unmasking in her job duties. A former organizer for Hillary Clinton said that Rice should be thanked.This continues to be a sideshow story at best. There are plenty of valid reasons why Trump team members' names could have been unmasked. https://t.co/oq7NrJrJL3— Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) April 3, 2017Conservatives are accusing #SusanRice of unmasking incoming Trump officials. Considering Flynn was committing treason, we should thank her.— Kaivan Shroff (@KaivanShroff) April 3, 2017Others, including a former Obama National Security Council official, attacked Cernovich:Actually, @Cernovich got the "scoop." And PSA: his last "scoop" was Pizzagate. https://t.co/8aqIXVWpEj— Ned Price (@nedprice) April 3, 2017Former Obama Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes — who talked about creating an “echo chamber” to help sell the Iran nuclear deal, retweeted his colleague’s tweet, and said the revelation was to distract from Russia’s help to Trump.They will always try to make story of Russia interfering to help Trump about anything other than Russia interfering to help Trump. Wont work https://t.co/kAaZJiRBwU— Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) April 3, 2017Navy Adm. Michael Rogers, director of the National Security Agency, testified during a hearing last month that unmasking would occur only if there is a “national security implication,” or if a “criminal activity” was being discussed.Rice would have made any unmasking before she left office on January 20. But by then, Obama’s Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told NBC News on March 5 that there was no evidence of any collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.Still, Flynn’s name and the contents of his conversation with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak — which were classified — were leaked to the Washington Post and published in a February 9 article.And from non-conservative news outlets on the new Rice revelation, mostly silence.Breaking: The media's reaction to the unmasking #SusanRice #tcot #ccot #RedNationRising #wakeupAmerica pic.twitter.com/HNey7iTJX2— Rad123 (@Tombx7M) April 3, 2017Big Government, National Security, Susan Rice, Trump, unmasking








“I’m not, and I don’t want to be the president of the world. I’m the president of the United States, and from now on it’s going to be America first,” Trump said as the crowd of workers applauded.Trump criticized American leaders of the past for listening to “failed consultants” instead of the American worker, allowing their jobs to be shipped overseas.“Washington and Wall Street have done very, very well for themselves,” he said. “Now it’s your turn and you’re going to be also sharing the wealth.”Trump boasted that he stopped the Trans Pacific Partnership and would fight to renegotiate other trade deals like NAFTA that threatened American jobs. He also received applause after promoting his decision to start the Keystone pipeline.“The era of economic surrender is over,” he said.After taking the stage, Trump singled out each building union, prompting a rallying cry from each group of workers that it represented.“You’re the backbone of America, with the talent in this room, we can build any city at any time and we can build it better than anyone,” Trump said.He specifically cited the story of the Empire State Building that was constructed in just 13 months by American workers. That spirit, he asserted, would drive his economic goals going forward.The workers laughed after Trump showed a lengthy chart of regulations and permits required to construct a highway.“Nowadays you couldn’t even get a building permit or approval in that amount of time,” Trump said, promising to cut the regulations and permitting.Trump reminded them that they had a builder in the Oval Office, and urged both Democrats and Republicans to come together for a massive trillion dollar infrastructure spending bill.“Standing before me today, in this very hall, are the men and women who if given the chance can transform these communities,” he said. “You are the citizens who can rebuild our cities, revive our industries, and renew our beloved country and I know you will stop at nothing to get the job done.”Big Government, Economics, American workers, Empire State Building, infrastructure, Keystone Pipeline, NAFTA, oval office, Trans Pacific Partnership, U.S. President Donald J Trump, union workers, wall street








“Common Core, I mean, we have to bring education more local,” Trump said at the White House. “We can’t be managing education from Washington.”The president continued:When I go out to Iowa, when I go out to the different states and I talk, they want to run their school programs locally and they’ll do a much better job… And I like the fact of getting rid of Common Core. You know, Common Core, to me, we have to end it. We have to bring education local, to me. I’ve always said it, I’ve been saying it during the campaign, and we’re doing it.This month, concerns had arisen about Trump’s commitment to his oft-repeated campaign promise to end Common Core. Toward the tail end of his campaign, Trump’s message shifted from the termination of the controversial standards to school choice.American Principles Project senior fellow Emmett McGroarty welcomes the return of Trump’s attention to the problematic standards that were quickly adopted by states in exchange for the promise of federal cash and relief from onerous federal regulations.“More than any other President — or even presidential candidate — ever, Donald Trump has empathized with our citizens, particularly parents, who have seen firsthand the damage done by federal efforts to shape and dictate education policy,” McGroarty said in a statement.“Today’s comments show that President Trump has not forgotten his promise to end Common Core and return to local control of education,” he added. “He is taking seriously the assurance he made in his Inaugural Address, ‘Today… we are transferring power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American people.’”Trump also said his education secretary Betsy DeVos is “doing a terrific job.”“Highly respected, tremendous track record, but she’s got one of the toughest jobs of any of our secretaries, to me, she’s got one of the toughest jobs,” the president added.DeVos went to Washington, D.C., to assume her post after working on school choice and school voucher programs in her home state of Michigan. While many in Trump’s base believe school choice is a desirable goal, the view of conservatives and libertarians is that school choice can best be achieved naturally with the elimination of the federal education department.A recent Heritage Foundation panel of education policy professionals urged the Trump administration and Washington politicians to refrain from making school choice a federal program.DeVos has drawn concern over some of her decisions and comments since assuming her post. For example, the secretary has surrounded herself with advisers and staff who have ties to Jeb Bush – a vocal proponent of Common Core – as well as to Indiana, where Common Core was repealed but then simply “rebranded.”DeVos also recently said the federal Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) “essentially does away with the notion of a Common Core,” a statement many grassroots parent activists still battling against the Core in their states have flatly rejected.Though ESSA still requires the federal education department to approve of state education plans, DeVos, nevertheless, also said in a recent speech, “I share the founders’ belief that those closest to problems usually know best how to solve them.”Debbie Higginbotham, a spokesperson for Florida Parents RISE, tells Breitbart News DeVos’s comments suggest much ambiguity.“Secretary Devos’s equating ESSA with ‘federalism’ as it relates to education is the central problem we all face,” she explains. “There is zero provision in the Constitution, deliberately so by the founders, for the federal government to have any purview over education. It was – and is – an issue of local control and sovereignty.”Higginbotham also argues that DeVos’s claim she is a federalist is in sharp contrast to the ESSA law:It’s disturbing for the reason that if she holds a true belief in federalism, then she would urge Congress to write a bill that would truly allow the states to: take care of their students with proven, challenging educational standards; eliminate high stakes testing; invite local control of education policy at the school board level; and issue no penalty to the states for replacing the Common Core State Standards with a set of standards of their choice.McGroarty says Trump’s leadership on the elimination of Common Core in the states is vital from this point forward.“Every Swamp creature will unite to fight against the president on this, so his leadership will be critical,” he explains. “We look forward to seeing what steps the Trump Administration will take in the coming months to take power away from Washington D.C. and return it to parents.”Big Government, Education, Betsy DeVos, Common Core, Donald Trump, ESSA, Every Student Succeeds Act, federalism, grassroots, local control of education, Parents' rights








The deficit fell to a seasonally adjusted $43.6 billion, lower than the $44.6 billion economists surveyed by the Wall Street Journal had expected. Exports rose 0.2 percent to $192.9 billion in February while imports declined 1.8 percent to $236.4 billion, the Department of Commerce said Tuesday.The Trump administration has made the reduction of the trade deficit one of its central economic goals, describing our persistently large trade deficits as both an economic and security risk. February’s decline makes that goal easier to achieve.Exports were boosted by improving economic conditions around the globe, as well as a rise in the value of several major currencies against the dollar. A weaker dollar makes American-made goods less expensive for foreign buyers. Exports of goods hit their highest level on record, after adjusting for inflation. Exports of services also rose. Overall, exports are 7.2 percent higher than they were a year ago.Imports declined as U.S. consumers imported fewer consumer goods such as cell phones and autos from abroad.A lower trade deficit is a boost to the economy and may raise first-quarter gross domestic product. More importantly, it likely means growth will be even stronger in the spring as manufacturers and service providers kick into higher gear and hire more workers to meet rising global demand.Trade deficits are not necessarily a sign of a weak economy. In a fast-growing economy, a large trade deficit can develop as rising wealth pulls in more imports. But when the economy is not growing fast, it can be an economic drag. Spending on exports subtracts from demand in the U.S. economy, benefitting foreign workers instead of Americans in need of good jobs. This can have big impacts on areas of the country where manufacturing is particularly important. Research has shown that the deindustrialization of the American Rust Belt is at least partly attributable to trade imbalances with China, for example.Big Government, Economics, balance of trade, China, Donald Trump, trade deficit








Original story below:Model-actress Kendall Jenner and soda giant Pepsi came under harsh criticism on social media Tuesday for a new commercial that appears to use the backdrop of politically-charged protests to hawk more soda.In the nearly three-minute ad — titled “Live for Now Moments Anthem” — Jenner is pictured on a modeling shoot in New York City when a sizable crowd of protesters streams past holding signs and demonstrating in the streets.Soon, Jenner takes off her blonde wig and joins the protesters, who appear to be styled after anti-Donald Trump “resistance” demonstrators. The model steps through the crowd holding a can of Pepsi, which she then hands to one of the police officers watching the protest; the officer accepts the can, to the loud cheers of everyone in the streets.The advertisement spurred a widespread backlash online, particularly among progressives and social justice activists, with hundreds of social media users weighing in with mostly negative feedback as “Pepsi” began trending on Twitter Tuesday afternoon.Some critics took aim at the ad’s apparent suggestion that sharing a soda with a police officer could end racial discrimination, while others — including comedian Patton Oswalt — joked about the soda’s mythical life-saving qualities.Below is a sampling of social media reaction to the ad.A representative for Pepsi did not immediately return a request for comment.Idk how appropriation of today's protesting can be thought of as a good idea, yea just hand the cops a Pepsi and racial profiling will end!— Rory Fitzpatrick♛ (@StopRory) April 4, 2017J. Edgar Hoover takes aim from the grassy knoll. The motorcade approaches. He fires. JFK raises a #Pepsi to his lips, blocks the bullet.— Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) April 5, 2017"Now just wait one second officers.I have a Pepsi." pic.twitter.com/NW0sddKOOI— Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) April 5, 2017The very real struggle of the marganilized to survive under Trump is not an opportunity for @KendallJenner and @Pepsi to market themselves.— Brianna Wu (@Spacekatgal) April 5, 2017@_TARYNitUP @lisabenjamin The closest Kendall has been to a protest is Coachella. Of all the young celebrities who are activists on a daily basis @pepsi choices her?— Nichelle Lee (@NickiLee123) April 5, 2017This comercial made me sick.#KendallJenner #kendall #PEPSI— Cali (@cali07109) April 5, 2017@kendrick38 @pepsi @PepsiCo Ur for real pathetic with this bogus "protest" ad. Talk about co-opting #TheResistance. We're not amused or impressed.— Kincaid (@kincaid323) April 5, 2017Why would anyone thinkThat giving a cop a drinkWould bring about change?We still think you're strange.Pls dump that Pepsi down the sink.— Paige Lyons (@waterrwithlemon) April 5, 2017@pepsi does this look familiar? ‍♂️ Good job guys 👍. You guys are killing it 🙄😒. #wokejusttomakeabuck pic.twitter.com/lu2jnLAAJ8— AR$ (@Oramihigh) April 5, 2017A white girl calming the tensions at a protest/rally by giving the officers some soda?…..Yea..Pepsi didn't think that one through.— #TrustTheProcess (@KENNotBeStopped) April 5, 2017 Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaumBig Hollywood, backlash, Kendall Jenner, Pepsi, resistance, Social Media








In a post to his Instagram account, the 54-year-old Italian designer proudly displayed the First Lady’s official portrait — released by the White House on Monday — which featured Trump wearing a D&G blazer.“BEAUTIFUL,” Gabbana captioned the photograph, adding the hashtag “#DGWoman.” #DGWoman BEAUTIFUL ❤❤❤❤❤ #melaniatrump Thank you 🇺🇸❤❤❤ #madeinitaly🇹A post shared by stefanogabbana (@stefanogabbana) on Apr 4, 2017 at 2:40am PDTIt wasn’t long before the designer’s critics blasted him for taking pride in seeing his work being worn by the First Lady.“So you have lost a follower, and worst, an admirer,” one Instagram user, @_boyafraid_, wrote to the designer.“[I] dont care!! Really,” he replied.Gabbana also apparently wrote to one commenter to say, “vai a cagare,” or “go to hell” in Italian.This is not the first time the designer has taken on social media users over his show of support for the First Lady. In January, he excitedly shared a photograph of Melania Trump at the president’s New Year’s Eve party in Florida, during which she also wore a Dolce & Gabbana-designed black cocktail dress, from the company’s “Cruise” collection.“How many stupid and ignorant people r on Instagram!” Gabbana wrote in response to his critics, before telling everyone who didn’t like his posts to unfollow him.Gabbana is one of several designers — along with Tommy Hilfiger and Diane von Furstenburg — who have said they would have no problem dressing the First Lady, after a number of other marquee names in the fashion world, including Tom Ford and Marc Jacobs, have said they would not design clothing for her. Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaumBig Hollywood, Dolce & Gabbana, Fashion, Melania Trump, Stefano Gabbana








According to The Independent, Muslim senior high school student Ziad Ahmed repeated the slogan in response to the following question in Stanford’s application process: “What matters to you, and why?”Ahmed posted a picture of his acceptance letter from Stanford on Twitter. In the letter, a Stanford representative said everyone who reviewed his application was “inspired” by Ahmed’s “passion, determination, accomplishments, and heart.”The letter goes on to invite Ahmed to join a “diverse, joyful, and welcoming campus community.”I submitted this answer in my @Stanford application, & yesterday, I was admitted…#BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/R5YxM77bWL— Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) April 1, 2017In a comment to left-wing online publication Mic.com, Ahmed said “my unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application.”Ahmed emphasized that his “blacklivesmatter” answer was not the only part of his application. Nevertheless, this part of his application has been trumpeted by left-wing and mainstream publications including The Independent, Mic, the BBC, and the Huffington Post.Also, it's important to note that this response was one answer on one application. Not my college essay or etc. There's a lot more to it.— Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) April 4, 2017Ahmed, 18, appears to be making rapid strides in the world of left-wing activism. His Twitter profile includes pictures with former President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State and failed 2016 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.Ahmed was, as his bio claims, listed on MTV’s “Top 9 Teens Changing The World” in 2015. He is the founder of Redefy, an activist organization which aims to “boldly defy stereotypes, embrace acceptance and tolerance, redefine our perspectives positively, and create an active community.”According to MTV, Ahmed attended the White House Iftar Dinner in 2015, during which he “chatted” with then-President Obama.“[The President and I] talked about … counterterrorism and Palestine and Israel. And we talked about education; girls’ education,” Ahmed told MTV. “It was just the most enlightening and intellectual and informative conversation I could ever be part of. It reminded me of what I’d said before: Teens don’t realize we need to be in this conversation, injustice is our fight too.”Ziad Ahmed’s personal website is called ziadtheactivist.com. He describes himself as a “speaker, thinker, and do-er” who “stands unapologetically for justice.”You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart.com.Social Justice, Tech, barack obama, Hillary Clinton, Stanford University, Ziad Ahmed








While the student in the video is not identified, Emma Brockway (@theEmmaBrockway), a self-described progressive activist at the university in San Marcos, Texas, captured the eruption on video and Tweeted it for the world’s consumption.In an obscenity-filled rant, the male student, who appears to be more offended by images of aborted fetuses than what actually happened to the unborn babies, lashes out against the protest signs destroying several in the process.Currently pic.twitter.com/XKqzofDzI4— Emma Brockway (@theEmmaBrockway) April 3, 2017“Get the f*** out of here with this bulls**t,” the student can be heard screaming during his tirade. “This is f***ing bulls**t! Get this s**t out of here! F***!”The young man can be seen carrying what appears to be a gift of flowers and a balloon for some lucky lady. He gently sets them down before attacking the “offensive signs.”The protester tries to stop the student and explains he has the freedom to protest. “It doesn’t matter, this is freedom of speech,” the older gentleman says.“Not it’s not, man. It’s wrong!” the student screamed while walking away.Brockway told TheTab.com:I was walking through the quad and was annoyed to see the anti-choice people again. I’m a junior at Texas State and they constantly come on campus. I am pro-choice. There weren’t a ton of people near the Stallions while this was happening – normally there are more people.I was shocked, but I have to admit I admire him in some ways because I think he did what we were all wanting to do. I am a supporter of free speech, but again, I think everyone was secretly wanting to do what he did. People around me were shocked. After I saw the incident, I immediately began organizing a peaceful counter protest. It’s important that the pro-choice side has a presence at the Stallions as well.Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.Abortion, Breitbart Texas, Pre-Viral








The median annual salary for male staffers in Warren’s office amounted to $73,750 in 2016, while female staffers brought in a median of $52,750 in 2016 — a pay gap amounting to more than $20,000, the Washington Free Beacon reported.Female staff in Warren’s office make 71 cents for every dollar that their male counterparts make.The top five highest paid staffers in Warren’s office were all men who earned between $113,750 and $156,000, while only one woman earned a salary of more than $100,000 in 2016.Warren frequently champions equal pay for women on both her personal and Senate Twitter accounts.“I cannot believe I have to give another speech fighting for equal pay for equal work for women,” she wrote in one of her tweets from her Senate account.Warren is not the only politician who touts equal pay and then pays women less than men.Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton paid women about $15,000 less than men as a senator, then paid women $16,000 less than men as secretary of state, and paid women $7,000 less as a presidential candidate. Campaign staffers noted her campaign’s tendency to pay men more than women and saw it as a vulnerability in the election.Women working at the Obama White House also regularly earned less than men.Big Government, Economics, Pre-Viral, equal pay, female staffers, male staffers, pay gap, Sen. Elizabeth Warren








Official statistics say that three out of 10 aircraft in the Air Force fleet are not in commission because they are getting upgraded, undergoing maintenance, inspections, or heavy-duty repair work, the Air Force Times reports.The problem also shows no sign of slowing down. The mission-capable rate, or the way the Air Force measures how much its fleet is ready to fight or fly other measures, has been showing a steady decrease.Mission-capable rates for Air Force helicopters and airplanes were at nearly 74 percent in 2014. In 2015, the rate dropped to 73 percent, and in 2016 the rate dropped to 72 percent.The reason for this decline in mission-ready aircraft is due to an aging Air Force fleet.Air Force leaders have said that the Air Force’s aging fleet and decline in readiness rates have been a problem for years.“Our highest investment priority is in improving readiness,” acting Air Force Secretary Lisa Disbrow said March 3 at the Air Force Association’s Air Warfare Symposium in Orlando, Florida. “The aircraft we have on the ramp are too old. We need to revitalize the fleet.”The declining aircraft readiness rate can also be attributed to a shortage of experienced maintenance airmen to fix aircraft, although the Air Force wants to make its goal to eliminate that shortfall by the end of 2019.While the Air Force is dealing with an aging fleet on Earth, they are also training airmen for the possibility of war waged in space, Military.com reported.Big Government, National Security, Pre-Viral, Air Force, aircraft, flying condition, mission capable rate








Spicer read the statement to reporters in an off-camera White House briefing:Today’s chemical attack in Syria against innocent people, including women and children, is reprehensible and cannot be ignored by the civilized world. These heinous actions by the Bashar al-Assad regime are a consequence of the past administration’s weakness and irresolution. President Obama said in 2012 that he would establish a “red line” against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing. The United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this intolerable act.The attack on northern Idlib province, Syria has so far killed 100 and injured 400, according to a Syrian relief organization cited by the Associated Press. Another report put the death toll at 57. An initial attack appears to have been followed with airstrikes on hospitals treating those injured by the first round of the attack. Humanitarian workers on the ground have reported that the wounds of those being treated and the bodies found lifeless later on suggest the bombs made use of sarin gas, a chemical weapon prohibited by international law. Both Syria and Russia have denied responsibility for the attacks.Asked about the Administration’s position on Syria in light of comments from the Secretary of State and the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Spicer said, “I think we had opportunities in the past several years to look at regime change. I think those are fundamentally–the landscape is fundamentally different than it is today.”In 2013, an attack in the Ghouta region left nearly 1,500 dead, more than 400 of which were children, and the U.S. attributed it to chemical weapons. The attack crossed the “red line” set by then-President Barack Obama, who had pledged to take action if the Syrian government used chemical weapons. Following the strike, the Obama administration accepted Assad’s claim that Syria had relinquished its chemical weapons arsenal, according to NPR.Speaking of President Donald Trump, Spicer said, “He is not here to telegraph what we’re gonna do. Rest assured that I think he has been speaking with his national security team this morning and will continue to have that discussion both internally with our national security team as well as with our allies around the globe.”“There is not a fundamental option of regime change as there has been in the past,” he told reporters, offering instead, “What we need to do is fundamentally do what we can to empower the people of Syria to find a different way.”Asked about the timing of the attack, Spicer replied, “I think the idea that someone would use chemical weapons on their own people, including women and children, is not something that any civilized nation should sit back and accept or tolerate and I think that is what we’re making very clear today.”Asked about any potential for Russian involvement, Spicer referred the reporter to the statement, which does not mention Russia, and his confidence in it. He reiterated that the President was briefed on the situation in Syria “extensively this morning by his national security team.”“We did have alternatives to regime change and they weren’t taken,” Spicer said in response to a question regarding Obama’s “red line.”Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana Big Government, Breitbart Jerusalem, National Security, Bashar al-Assad, chemical weapons, Obama administration, red line, Syria, White House








“One of our biggest challenges in the future will be staying ahead of the pace of change we see in our adversaries. We have a problem delivering timely responses to new threats. We don’t move fast enough from concept to capability,” Gen. John Hyten, the STRATCOM commander, told the Senate Armed Services Committee on Thursday.“For decades now, we have held a military advantage over our adversaries, both from a nuclear and conventional standpoint,” he added. “That is starting to change. As our nation rightly focused on combating violent extremist organizations and the states that support them, other adversaries have taken the opportunity to develop advanced nuclear and conventional weaponry that rival many of our systems.”America’s failure to modernize and recapitalize, its air-, land-, and sea-based defense capabilities have rendered the country vulnerable to an attack by a superpower such as Russia and China, argued the commander.Currently, in addition to America’s nuclear deterrent capacity, some of America’s intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) weapons system and aircraft bombers are “operating beyond their designed service life,” he concededGen. Hyten testified:The U.S. faces significant challenges to sustain the capabilities that will meet our enduring national security objectives. At a time when Russia and other countries continue to modernize and upgrade nuclear capabilities, nearly all elements of the U.S. nuclear weapon stockpile, delivery systems, and other infrastructure are operating beyond their designed service life. Maintaining strategic deterrence, assurance, and escalation control capabilities requires a continuing, multi-faceted, long-term investment approach.America must ensure that ongoing efforts to sustain and modernize its defense capabilities remain on track to ensure its aircraft bombers can operate efficiently and provide a credible deterrence.Currently, “Our bombers and their associated weapons are well beyond their intended service lives, requiring attention to maintain combat readiness,” Hyten acknowledged.Referring to the only land-based ICBM weapon system still deployed by the United States, dubbed the Minuteman, the STRATCOM commander warned that it is also operating beyond its intended lifespan.“Launch Facilities and Launch Control Centers require investment in repair and modernization. Additionally, vehicles and equipment used to support the Minuteman weapon system require an immediate, long-term investment,” he said.The United States can no longer afford to defer investment and commitment to the nation’s strategic abilities.“Today’s deterrence forces remain safe, secure, reliable, and ready,” acknowledged the commander. “Nevertheless, the U.S. faces significant challenges in sustaining the required capabilities to continue to provide strategic deterrence on behalf of our nation. Our Nation’s strategic capabilities must be a core focus of our national security spending.”“The investment in, and commitment to, our Nation’s strategic capabilities must continue, and planned sustainment and modernization activities must be completed on schedule,” he later added.” Any recapitalization program delay will adversely impact the execution of our strategic deterrence mission and degrade our ability — and ultimately our credibility — to deter and assure.”STRATCOM is responsible for America’s operations in space, information warfare, missile defense, global command and control, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, combating weapons of mass destruction (WMDs), and strategic nuclear deterrence, which includes weapons, infrastructure, and personnel.Gen. Hyten did note that STRATCOM “is a global warfighting command.”Despite all the challenges the U.S. military faces, he said, “All our forces, in all domains, stand ready today.”“Our nuclear forces are safe, secure, reliable, and ready — capable of responding wherever necessary and whenever our nation calls,” he added. “These forces compel all potential adversaries to realize that any benefits they see in an attack on our nation, or our allies, will be far outweighed by the cost.”Big Government, National Security, Senate Armed Services Committee, STRATCOM, U.S nuclear deterrence, U.S. Strategic Command








Washington (AFP) – The US military confirmed Tuesday that nuclear-armed North Korea had fired a medium-range ballistic missile, finding it posed no threat to North America and vowing to work closely with its regional allies.“US Pacific Command is fully committed to working closely with our Republic of Korea and Japanese allies to maintain security,” the command in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region said.“The North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) determined the missile launch from North Korea did not pose a threat to North America.”








According to the UK Guardian, a video of the dance party went viral, angry feedback began piling up on social media, and the nightclub owner’s fortunes took a dramatic turn for the worse:“After confirming the facts, we decided to close this nightclub” until further notice, Mnaouar Ouertani, the governor of Nabeul, told Agence France-Presse.He said an investigation had been opened and the club’s manager detained “for violation against good morals and public outrage against modesty.”“We will not allow attacks against religious feelings and the sacred,” Ouertani added.Both the festival organizers and the DJ have apologized. “It was never my intention to upset or cause offense to anybody,” DJ Dax J said.The Andalou news agency quotes Governor Ouertani vowing to use “deterrent measures” against cafes and clubs that “blatantly violate modesty” and “fail to respect religious sentiments.”“All necessary measures will be taken to deter other cafes and nightclubs from committing the same offense,” he told Andalou. “Violators will face severe penalties.”Ouertani said the specific charges against the nightclub owner were “offending public morality” and “showing a lack of respect for religious sentiments.” He said every club and cafe owner in the province would be “summoned by security agents today and made to comply with the law.”“Mocking the opinions and religious principles of Tunisians is absolutely unacceptable,” declared Tunisia’s ministry of religious affairs, as quoted by the UK Daily Mail.Faith, Jihad, National Security, blasphemy laws, Islam, Tunisia








Legislators are using their social media accounts to share photos and videos of attacks by the gangs, known as colectivos and described as unofficial enforcement officers for the United Socialist Party of Venezuela (PSUV).On Tuesday, a particularly violent encounter between opposition lawmakers and colectivos occurred as the assemblymen made their way to the offices of Tarek William Saab, an attorney granted the title of “People’s Defender” by the Maduro government, to demand his intervention in defense of the assembly.Chavista thugs attacked legislators Juan Requesens and José Brito with sticks and other blunt items as they protested peacefully in Caracas. Brito, El Nacional reported, suffered a fractured rib and a hypertension episode. Three others suffered lesions to the face and skull.The assailants bludgeoned Requesens, elected to represent Táchira state, on the forehead, cutting open his brow and causing traumatic contusions on his lips and cheek. Requesens required emergency surgery and 56 stitches to begin the healing process, in a nation suffering an emergency shortage of medical supplies. According to El Nacional, another opposition deputy, Juan Manuel Olivares, conducted the surgery.Requesens posted photos of his injury on Twitter and a video explaining that the blow had cut his skin to the bone, thus requiring the surgery.Agredidos Dip.@JuanRequesens y @JoseBritoR por colectivos armados en adyacencias de la Defensoría del Pueblo. https://t.co/bcmWKQj2sx pic.twitter.com/wYuGyrKyMV— Asamblea Nacional (@AsambleaVE) April 4, 2017Aquí seguimos, mucho más fuertes que nunca. Nadie se rinde, por Venezuela lo seguiremos dando todo!!! FUERZA, ESPERANZA Y RESISTENCIA 🇻 pic.twitter.com/OabwkhsfHX— Juan Requesens (@JuanRequesens) April 4, 2017Requesens blames government-linked colectivos for his assault, blames Maduro for the attacks directly, and calls for more protests.“Despite this, we are here. These blows hurt much less than the ones you, Nicolás Maduro, are delivering to Venezuelans,” he said, urging Venezuelans to continue protesting despite the threat of violence. “I will get out of this, and we will get out of this crisis with a street presence, vocation, and dedication to the people of Venezuela.”Saab, the object of Requesens’ protest, has issued a statement calling his injuries “lamentable” and an “aggression against human dignity.”While Requesens is currently limited from activity, he has been posting images of protests in Caracas to his Twitter account where both colectivos and official Bolivarian National Guard (GNB) soldiers are harassing and attacking protesters.Bajo la mirada cómplice de la GNB llegan los colectivos asesinos de este régimen a amedrentar a nuestra gente. pic.twitter.com/jaSMPUeXEC— Juan Requesens (@JuanRequesens) April 4, 2017Así reprimen a los venezolanos que sólo desean vivir mejor. Vamos Venezuela, tenemos que salir de estos malandros! pic.twitter.com/UwbUASNzqY— Juan Requesens (@JuanRequesens) April 4, 2017Incidents of violence have multiplied since last Wednesday, when the nation’s Supreme Court, allied with Maduro, issued a ruling decreeing the National Assembly to be in “contempt” of Maduro and asserting that it no longer possessed any government power. The Supreme Court instead appointed itself the nation’s lawmaking body until the legislature agreed to remove three opposition legislators that Maduro claims fraudulently acquired their seats.Following an international outcry and massive protests, the Supreme Court issued a modification to the ruling asserting that the National Assembly continued to possess lawmaking power and that lawmakers would not lose their legal immunity.National Assembly leaders nonetheless denounced the ruling as a coup and vowed to begin constitutional proceedings to dismiss the Supreme Court justices currently on the bench.To prevent this move, lawmakers say GNB and colectivos are preventing them from entering the National Assembly building at all. Various opposition leaders have posted videos of police using tear gas and rubber bullets against elected officials.National Assembly President Julio Borges told reporters he and many other lawmakers have been prevented from entering the building. Henry Ramos Allup – his predecessor, an opposition leader, and vice president of the Socialist International – posted a video of himself being attacked by police, his face sullied with what appears to be tear gas residue.LIVE on #Periscope: Desde Av. Libertador lanzan gas pimienta a ciudadanos y diputados https://t.co/D2qZVtGiUu— Henry Ramos Allup (@hramosallup) April 4, 2017Lilian Tintori, the wife of Popular Will opposition party leader Leopoldo López, also accused colectivos of shooting into a crowd of peaceful protesters to disperse the assembly.Maduro’s regime is facing stern reprimand from the international community for its attempt to nullify the legislature and subsequent acts of violence. On Monday, the Organization of American States (OAS) took one step forward in expelling Venezuela over the violation of the democratic order there, calling the Supreme Court’s ruling “incompatible with democratic practice.”Venezuela’s representative at the meeting, Samuel Moncada, stormed out in protest, while Maduro accused the OAS of attempting to launch an “inquisition” against the country.National Security, Chavista, colectivos, Latin America, Nicolas Maduro, socialism, Venezuela








“The administration also wants to subject more visa applicants to intense security reviews and have embassies spend more time interviewing each applicant. The changes could apply to people from all over the world, including allies like France and Germany,” the WSJ reports.According to The Hill, the ideological probe could include questions such as “whether visitors support honor killings and whether they regard the ‘sanctity of human life.'”The WSJ reasonably expects civil liberties activists to object to these changes in vetting procedures and also worries that other nations could retaliate with similar requirements on Americans seeking visas.Although the Wall Street Journal states that the “full scope” of these extreme vetting measures has not been discussed with the American public yet, the article notes that many of the proposed changes were discussed in widely-reported congressional testimony by such high-profile officials as Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.For instance, the Atlantic tore into Kelly for telling the House Homeland Security Committee in February, “We want to say for instance, ‘What sites do you visit? And give us your passwords,’ so that we can see what they do on the Internet. If they don’t want to give us that information, then they don’t come.”This comment was described as “horrifying” to privacy advocates and potentially “beyond most interpretations of the law,” even though the Atlantic conceded such questions are already asked “occasionally and informally” by border security agents in the U.S. and elsewhere – including immigration-friendly Canada.One privacy advocate told the Atlantic that extreme vetting for every traveler might transgress against the low standards for “reasonable suspicion” in quizzing foreign visitors. Of course, if the standards are not applied to every visitor without much regard for country of origin, the Trump administration will likely run afoul of the activist judges who conjured hazy “anti-Muslim bias” arguments to block President Donald Trump’s order to suspend visas from six or seven countries that pose exceptional security risks.Every step taken to focus vetting on high-risk populations, to employ scarce security resources more wisely and minimize the inconvenience to travelers, increases the chance that the enhanced vetting system will be denounced as unfair and discriminatory.The U.S. government has taken a great deal of heat for missing social-media indications of radicalism after terrorist attacks. Not only is there bureaucratic apprehension about suffering another “lone wolf” attack from someone who turns out to have a long history of surfing jihadi websites, but no doubt, there are agents throughout the national security apparatus who think it is very reasonable to catch potential terrorists by scouting their online activity.As the Atlantic piece noted, Israel’s invasive but remarkably effective screening procedures have been influential on American reformers for a long time, but they have also been criticized by privacy advocates within and outside of Israel. Some of those activists worry that American adoption of invasive Israel-style measures will give them more global legitimacy and inspire more countries to employ them.Conversely, those who desire stronger security against extremists might applaud the proliferation of “extreme vetting” since more countries using the procedures would make it more difficult for threatening individuals to move around the world.Another concern raised by the Wall Street Journal is that extreme vetting will harm the tourism industry because visitors will be nervous about handing over “cell phones and social-media passwords at the border.”Bloomberg News relates fears of a “lost decade” for the $250 billion travel industry under President Trump, due to his executive orders, the new restrictions on passenger electronic devices aboard flights from certain airports, and extreme vetting measures.“Mr. President, please tell the world that while we’re closed to terror, we’re open for business. Imbalanced communication is especially susceptible to being ‘lost in translation’ – so let’s work together to inform our friends and neighbors, who could benefit from reassurance, not just who is no longer welcome here, but who remains invited,” read a letter from U.S. Travel Association to President Trump.Immigration, National Security, border security, Donald Trump, extreme vetting, Israel, Social Media, terrorism, travel ban








The statement is included in testimony slated for delivery on Wednesday, April 5, by Gen. John Kelly, the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. Typically, routine testimony is provided early to the legislators so they can prepare questions for the witness, but it is rarely leaked.According to the Associated Press:Secretary John Kelly said the steep decline in arrests is “no accident” and credited President Donald Trump’s approach to illegal immigration…In his testimony for the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, Kelly said fewer than 12,500 people were caught crossing the border illegally last [in March]. That compares with more than 43,000 in December.Kelly told lawmakers that the number of [Central American] families and children traveling alone — groups that accounted for hundreds of thousands of illegal border crossers in recent years — also declined steeply. Last month fewer than 1,000 children were caught at the border and fewer than 1,100 people traveling as families were found. In recent years most of the families and children traveling alone have been from Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala.Another report on Tuesday said the data showed a 67 percent drop in migrants seeking to cross the border.David V. Aguilar, former U.S. Border Patrol and acting Customs and Border Protection commissioner, told the Senate Homeland Security Committee that March 2017 figures he reviewed indicate illegal border crossings are down 67 percent [compared to March 2016] …. “It’s actually up to 67 percent drop compared to last year,” Aguilar told the Senate committee.During his eight-year tenure, former President Barack Obama reduced border barriers and allowed at least 300,000 migrants from Central America to cross the border and get temporary residency, plus work permits and access to Americans’ schools. That wave of migrants helped solidify public opposition to immigration, aided Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and helped cause many extra crimes in the United States.However, the flow of new illegal immigrants is only a small part of the nation’s immigrant-labor oversupply.Currently, at least 11 million illegal immigrants are living in the United States, of which at least 8 million hold jobs. Many of the recent illegal immigrants arrive legally as tourists or workers but fail to leave when their visas expire. In 2015, for example, almost 500,000 people overstayed their visas and remained for some time as illegal immigrants.Also, the federal government annually invites 1 million people to legally immigrate to the United States, and provides work permits to a shifting population of up to 1.45 million salary-cutting white-collar guest-workers, plus at least 200,000 blue-collar contract-workers. The immigrants and contract workers compete for jobs sought by the 4 million young Americans who join the workforce each year.Overall, the huge inflow of migrants, both legal and illegal, help lower Americans’ salaries and wages by roughly $500 billion per year. In turn, that money is scooped up by employers and Wall Street investors as higher profits.President Trump has promised to toughen border security by building a barrier along most of the border, and he has already directed border officers to end Obama’s “catch and release” policy. He has also rejuvenated repatriation policies and has promised to curb business’ use of temporary contract workers in place of Americans. Big Government, Economics, Immigration, Donald Trump, illegal immigration, John Kelly








David V. Aguilar, former U.S. Border Patrol and acting Customs and Border Protection commissioner, told the Senate Homeland Security Committee that March 2017 figures he reviewed indicate illegal border crossings are down 67 percent, according to The Washington Times. By comparison, February statistics indicating the number of illegal alien apprehensions fell 40 percent.“It’s actually up to 67 percent drop compared to last year,” Aguilar told the Senate committee.The former Border Patrol chief explained that similar decreases occurred during the Reagan Administration but later spiked in the decades to follow.Mr. Aguilar’s Capitol Hill comments were not immediately verified by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. The retired law enforcer’s statement does, however, follow news previously reported by Breitbart Texas related to the mothballing of temporary holding facilities for the pre-election surge of migrants throughout 2016. In mid-February, a Rio Grande Valley Sector facility near the Donna-Rio Bravo International Bridge was closed after the prior month’s Family Unit Aliens (FMUA) and Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) border apprehensions exhibited double-digit tumbles. Days later, Breitbart Texas reported on a second overflow facility closure located about 40 miles east of El Paso. Both plants were placed in “warm standby” status capable of reversal in less than 24 hours.March 2017 figures have not yet been released by CBP.Logan Churchwell is a founding editor of the Breitbart Texas team. You can follow him on Twitter @LCChurchwell.Big Government, Breitbart Texas, Immigration








Maybe the best chance Republicans have to enact meaningful legislation is to focus on issues that unite the Party. Since the Reagan Revolution, one area that has consistently united Republicans is a commitment to liberate the American people from the burden of hefty taxation and a desire to allow free markets – not tax policy – to drive the American economy.While much of the focus on tax reform has been on the corporate side, another problematic area has that has gotten far less attention is the use of tax incentives to support the “green” energy business. In my opinion, there are no worse examples of tax policy then these incentives because they adulterate the free market and often direct massive profits to the wealthy and politically connected.One tax policy that is ripe for fixing is the Solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC). The ITC currently allows homeowners and businesses to deduct a portion of the cost of installation of solar panels until 2021. In 2015, Congress approved this tax cut in a deal with the Obama White House. What bothers me is that the implementation of the ITC means that Americans who do not choose to put solar panels on their rooftops have to subsidize those that do. Also, it turns out that taxpayers are also subsidizing some of the wealthiest people on the planet.Consider Elon Musk, the owner of SolarCity – which recently merged into his other company, Tesla – is the largest provider of residential solar panels in the nation. Musk is the 87th richest man in the world and someone worth admiring for his financial successes that have created thousands of jobs. However, I am not supportive of tax policies like the ITC that put more money in the pockets of billionaires.Another government incentive that Elon Musk benefits from is the Zero Emissions Vehicle (ZEV) tax credit. This policy allows people who purchase electronic/plug in vehicles to deduct $7,500 from their federal taxes. This credit phases out after any manufacturer sells 20,000 qualified vehicles. The only automaker even coming close to this 20,000 threshold is Tesla and Elon Musk.Now, Musk has publicly said he does not support the ZEV, stating on a recent earnings call: “the reality actually is that, if electric vehicle incentives went away tomorrow, Tesla’s competitive position would improve.” If Musk can’t have the tax credit much longer, he doesn’t want his competitors to have it either. So Musk uses the tax credit to get a leg up and then wants to eliminate it to punish his competitors when he can’t get it anymore? Oddly enough, the only profitable quarter Tesla has seen in a long time was selling $139 million in pollution tax credits to other automakers.To me, the lesson of Elon Musk – who, according to a report by the Los Angeles Times in May of 2015, has been the beneficiary of almost $5 billion dollars in government subsidies – is that these green tax credits allow businesses to subvert the free-market to their own advantage. I don’t blame Musk, nor is this piece meant to be a critique of him. The business world is a tough place, and competitors need to seek out any advantage they can get. I just don’t think the American tax code should be a tool used by corporate titans to gain leverage or advantage over each other. Success should be determined by the quality and price of their products and services in the free market.More importantly, if Congress eliminates these “green” energy tax credits, we pay down the debt and put badly needed funds into education, infrastructure, and other important priorities that help to improve the lives of regular people and allow them to pursue the American dream. Elon Musk has said multiple times in recent months that he doesn’t want government subsidies. The Trump Administration and the Congress should give him his wish in the upcoming tax reform debate.Steele served as Lieutenant Governor of Maryland from 2003 – 2007, and as the Chairman of the Republican National Committee from 2009 – 2011Big Government, Taxes, Tech, Elon Musk, Solar Investment Tax Credit, SolarCity, telsa, Zero Emissions Vehicle tax credit








Lacker’s role in the 2012 leak of sensitive information to an analyst at Medley Global Advisors came to light as part of a federal investigation. His resignation comes as part of a deal worked out with investigators, a person familiar with the matter said.“Once our Bank’s Board of Directors learned of the outcome of the government investigations, they took appropriate actions,” the Richmond Fed said.“I deeply regret the role I may have played in confirming this confidential information and its dissemination to Medley’s subscribers,” Lacker said.Lacker, who has been the head of the Richmond Fed for 13 years, stopped short of admitting that he was the source of the information and said that it was not his intention to reveal confidential information in his conversation with the analyst.  CNBC’s Steve Liesman reported Tuesday afternoon that an attorney for Lacker said that federal authorities have said no charges will be filed against his client.Medley disclosed to its clients previously unknown details about the Fed’s plans for the third round of asset purchases, known as QE3, according to sources familiar with the matter.  The leak has been under investigation internally by the Fed, by federal prosecutors in the Southern District of New York ,and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. The federal prosecutors and CFTC have been investigating possible insider-trading in connection with the leaks.Lacker said that the analyst brought up an “important non-public detail” about the Fed’s plans. Instead of ending the call, Lacker continued the conversation. The following day, Medley published its report containing the sensitive information.It remains unclear how the Medley analyst originally obtained the information that Lacker says he confirmed. But the report was so detailed that it left little doubt it was based on non-public information.The report came after the Fed announced in September 2012 its plans to attempt to boost economic growth by buying $40 billion worth of mortgage-backed securities each month.Medley’s October 3rd report said Fed officials had discussed adding monthly purchases $45 billion of Treasury bonds, a policy which the Fed didn’t announce until the following December. It also said that Fed officials had discussed assuring market actors that the central bank wouldn’t consider raising interest rates until unemployment fell below 6.5% or the medium-term outlook for inflation rose above 2.5%. Those numerical triggers weren’t formally adopted by the Fed until later that year.Other intriguing details from the Medley report include a report that staff members were working past midnight to prepare for the central bank’s meeting and that the minutes from the meeting would include a reference to a staff meeting. Those minutes were published by the Fed the day after Medley’s report.In addition to admitting that he confirmed some of the Medley analysts non-public information, Lacker also said that he did not initially tell the Fed’s investigators that the analyst was in possession of that information during the call. Instead, he only disclosed this fact in 2015 when he was interviewed as part of the investigation by federal prosecutors, the CFTC and the Federal Bureau of Investigations.“I regret that in this instance I crossed the line to confirming information that should have remained confidential,” Lacker said.Lacker had previously announced his intention to retire this fall. Under the Fed’s rotating schedule, the Richmond Fed president will not become a voting member of the 12-person interest rate setting board until 2018.Lacker has been an advocate for the Fed to adopt a faster pace of rate hikes. He has dissented over a dozen times to the Fed’s interest rate decisions during his term, consistently arguing for a less accommodative monetary policy stance. He opposed the use of the Fed’s balance sheet to buy mortgage bonds during the financial crisis.  Big Government, Economics, Federal Reserve








United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) announced a tip-line for Americans who are the victims of foreign worker outsourcing through the H-1B visa in a news release.“Information submitted to the email address will be used for investigations and referrals to law enforcement agencies for potential prosecution,” the release stated.Every year, more than 85,000 Americans potentially lose their jobs to foreign labor through the H-1B visa program.In addition, the Trump Administration is implementing stricter oversight over the current employers who hire H-1B visa workers instead of Americans.Under the new guidelines, USCIS will visit worksites of where H-1B visas are used, looking for cases where the employer’s basic business information does not specifically validate why foreign workers are being used instead of American workers.“Targeted site visits will allow USCIS to focus resources where fraud and abuse of the H-1B program may be more likely to occur, and determine whether H-1B dependent employers are evading their obligation to make a good faith effort to recruit U.S. workers,” the statement reads.“Employers who abuse the H-1B visa program negatively affect U.S. workers, decreasing wages and job opportunities as they import more foreign workers” the news release continued.The move by USCIS echoes a similar, more aggressive approach by the Department of Justice (DOJ) to the outsourcing and mass-laying off of American workers by American companies.Under the direction of Attorney General Jeff Session, a longtime opponent of foreign replacement work visas, the DOJ demanded that American companies not use the H-1B visa program to replace American workers with foreigners, as Breitbart Texas reported.“The Justice Department will not tolerate employers misusing the H-1B visa process to discriminate against U.S. workers,” Acting Assistant Attorney General Tom Wheeler of the Civil Rights Division said in the statement. “U.S. workers should not be placed in a disfavored status, and the department is wholeheartedly committed to investigating and vigorously prosecuting these claims.”If the H-1B visa program had never been introduced and enacted, computer science job availability in the labor market would be up 11 percent and wages in the tech industry would have increased by five percent, Breitbart News reported.John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.Big Government, Breitbart Texas, Immigration, American workers, Congress, Department of Justice, DOJ, foreign workers, H-1B Visa, Jeff Sessions, Jobs, Labor Department, legal immigration, Outsourcing, President Donald Trump, Trump, White House








Bigz arrived from Uganda in 2009 teeming with ambitions as big as his heart.Shortly after reaching U.S. soil, he became involved with the National Prayer Breakfast, where he mentored inner-city kids from broken homes. Bigz showed God’s love for them and how they could grow up with integrity, responsibility, and self-esteem no matter where they came from.By 2011, Bigz had been recruited for a position at the Washington Bible College, where he continued to mentor an even larger number of kids.It was on a chance trip to Kenya where he rekindled his relationship with Kate, a good friend he met while attending college in Uganda.They soon realized that the love they felt for one another went beyond a friendship, and in 2014, Bigz and Kate were married.Bigz always dreamed of having a large, loving family with whom to share in his ambitions and good fortune.In an effort to realize his American dream, Bigz began working with the Breitbart team in 2013. The Uganda immigrant was considered an essential member of the Breitbart family, helping organize company events, meetings, and gatherings. He was always there and always with a smile on his face. He was on his way to achieving his American dream.Unfortunately, the unthinkable happened on December 2015 when Kate, just six months after giving birth to a beautiful baby girl named Nancy, was diagnosed with cancer.After initial rounds of therapy, the cancer went in to remission, allowing Kate some valuable and unforgettable time with her newborn and husband.The happiness was short lived. In September of last year, the cancer came back and ultimately took her life this past weekend.His infectious good nature, love of God, and his baby daughter continue to grace our extended family. It is with heavy hearts that we join together with Bigz and his loved ones in offering our deepest sympathy.You can learn more about Bigz and his family at his GoFundMe page, which the family has set up to help defray the costs of reuniting Kate back with her family in Uganda where she can be laid to rest with her ancestors.Big Government, Breitbart News








Hollywood Reporter Senior Editor Eriq Gardner noted in a column Tuesday that the class action suit filed against CNN in federal court last year — by two plaintiffs who allege widespread discriminatory practices at the network, including alleged pay differences and fewer advancement opportunities for African-American employees — could soon see an amendment filed by the plaintiffs that would allow other current and former employees to join the suit.In addition to the aforementioned allegations, plaintiffs Celeslie Henry and Ernest Colbert Jr. allege that CNN (and Turner Broadcasting, Turner Services and Time Warner Inc., who are also named as defendants) gave poorer performance reviews to African-American employees, and that superiors at the network allegedly used racial slurs, including “Who would be worth more: black slaves from times past, or new slaves?”After the defendants moved to dismiss the case, the plaintiffs reportedly told the judge they wished to file an amended complaint, explaining that their lawyers had been contacted by nearly 200 additional employees with claims of alleged racial discrimination.THR‘s Gardner includes in his report the language of the motion to amend:“Since the filing of this action, counsels for the plaintiffs have been contacted by more than 175 people, both former and current employees of the Defendant, requesting to be members of the putative class action, all having similar complaints of intentional racial discrimination, discrimination impact and discriminatory practices employed by the Defendants.”The defendants reportedly have until April 14 to respond.The class action suit against CNN appears to be unrelated to another racial discrimination suit filed against the network by former producer Stanley Wilson in 2014. In December, a California appellate court ruled that the suit filed by Wilson — a 17-year employee who alleges he was fired due to discrimination — could proceed. Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaumBig Hollywood, class action, CNN, lawsuit, racial discrimination, racism, Time Warner Inc., Turner Broadcasting








The former Family Feud host is currently starring in the romantic comedy Swing Away, where he plays an “overzealous American capitalist” inspired by Trump.“I’ve known Donald for a long time,” O’Hurley told Fox 411 in a recent interview, adding that he’s excited to see someone with business experience become president.“I’m always a fan of giving a businessman a chance to thin the herd in government because we have this slow growth and our government is just getting too big, to be efficient anymore,” he said. “I want the idea of somebody going in there with a pickax and just chipping it apart.”Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com“God bless [Trump] for what his challenges are and the resistance that is up against him right now,” O’Hurley added. “I believe in him, I believe in what he’s doing and I wish him the best.”Echoing comments made previously by actor Mark Wahlberg and Kiss rocker Gene Simmons, O’Hurley said his political views are no more important than those of someone without his celebrity status.“I always say, whenever I speak politically or speak my political views, I say just because I’m a celebrity, does not mean my opinion deserves to be celebrated. I am just another bozo on the bus,” the 62-year-old star said.O’Hurley also opened up about his new one-man show, A Man With Standards, which pays tribute to a time in America in which both high musical and moral standards reigned supreme.“I grew up in the period of the standards and I also was lucky enough to grow up around men, who had standards, manners and back then the manners and the music were really one in the same,” O’Hurley said. “Standards were part of our culture and it’s kind of slipped away as time has gone by.”Low standards, O’Hurley explained, led to his decision to leave Family Feud in 2010.“I got tired of people writing to me saying, ‘I can’t watch your show.’ It’s a misnomer calling ‘Family Feud’ because it’s not family,” he said. “It feels like everything became a penis joke and I got a little tired of that. I just felt that there were other ways to be more interesting on television than always trying to push that style of family entertainment.” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudsonBig Hollywood, J. Peterman, John O'Hurley, Seinfeld








The Guardian reports that Man Down opened in one theater in the country — the Reel Cinema in Burnley, Lancashire — along with its release on digital platforms, and generated a total weekend gross of £7.The film — in which LaBeouf stars as Gabriel Drummer, a U.S marine battling PTSD after serving a tour of duty in Afghanistan — has been savaged by critics, with The Telegraph’s film critic Tim Robey describing it as an “incoherent, deranged PTSD drama [that] is an insult to the intelligence.”Variety editor Brent Lang noted that the £7 take at the UK box office meant the theater likely sold just one ticket to the film, as the average cost of a cinema ticket in the country is reportedly £7.21.Man Down — co-starring Gary Oldman, Jai Courtney, and and Kate Mara — was released in the United States in December 2016 and currently holds a Rotten Tomatoes approval rating of just 15 percent. According to Variety, the film grossed $454,490 in its US release.“To say that the new film throws its star under a bus wouldn’t be entirely fair: it’s more a case of the whole bus tipping off a cliff, with [director Dito] Montiel at the wheel, and screenwriter Adam G Simon attempting some very ill-fated navigating duties,” the Telegraph‘s Robey wrote. “The movie is fragmented enough from the word go, but plummets from such an insane height at the end that you want to rewind and hand everyone involved a personalized black-box recorder.”The film’s poor performance will come as another setback for LaBeouf, whose “He Will Not Divide Us” anti-Donald Trump art project has been forced to move multiple times this year. In March, a group of Internet sleuths tracked down the actor’s art project in a remote location in Tennessee and replaced it with a “Make America Great Again” hat.LaBeouf’s art project initially began as a four-year live stream outside the Museum of the Moving Image in New York City, but was later taken down after the museum said the project had begun to present a security risk. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.comBig Hollywood, Breitbart London, box office, Man Down, Shia Labeouf, UK Box Office








Apparently, being in sole control of one of the quarter-billion aluminum shells hurtling at high speed on America’s roads isn’t enough to hold drivers’ attention. Traffic deaths have jumped by 14% since 2014, according to Cambridge Mobile Telematics, which conducted the study. The research firm found that 52% of accidents involved drivers who were distracted by their phones.Anti-cell phone use while driving laws have done little to curb the habits of its citizens. Only fourteen states have banned handheld use of phones while driving, and only twenty prohibit phone use by school bus drivers; a single state bans bus drivers from texting.But Cambridge Mobile Telematics’ Chief Technology Officer, Hari Balakrishnan, has hope:Distracted driving due to smartphone use is intuitively blamed for the increase in road crashes and claims. What’s less intuitive is that smartphones hold the solution to the problem they created. Drivers now have access to tools that analyze their driving and achieve real behavioral change through immediate and ongoing feedback.Balakrishnan called distracted driving “one of the most urgent public safety problems facing our communities today” and stressed the importance of taking a “critical look at how we can most effectively reduce the danger that drivers face.”CMT is working to do their part. Their DriveWell app both monitors drivers and encourages safer driving habits. The site claims that “users see an average reduction of 35% in phone distraction, 20% in hard braking, and 20% in at-risk speeding all within less than 30 days of using the program.”Their goals are best summed up by Balakrishnan himself: “By harnessing the very technology that threatens driver safety, and using it to help drivers understand and improve their behavior, we’re making the world safer by the day.”Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.Pre-Viral, Tech, Cambridge Mobile Telematics, distracted driving








The new rules come after years of fans and customers complaining that ESPN has become a bastion of left-wing views delivered at the expense of sports, and to the utter exclusion of any conservative ideas.While in some cases it appears the new rules do offer a little wiggle room for on-air talent, the rules seem to be aimed at tamping down the wild spouting on political topics its hosts have indulged for the last few years. It is also interesting that ESPN released these new guidelines right in the middle of the NCAA Championship game when fans were distracted by the tournament and might not have taken notice of the change. It is almost like the practice of dumping political news on a Friday evening in the hopes that it might make fewer waves because all the reporters have already gone home for the weekend.ESPN’s vice president of global digital content, Patrick Stiegman, noted that the rise of social media and the many controversies that on-air talent recently stirred via Twitter and Facebook was a major reason for the new guidelines.“We have the convergence of a politically charged environment and all these new technologies coming together at once,” Stiegman told ESPN’s Jim Brady. “Based on that, we wanted the policy to reflect the reality of the world today. There are people talking about politics in ways we have not seen before, and we’re not immune from that.”Brady, also ESPN’s ombudsman, addressed complaints from fans that the network has become too political in a long article published last November. Brady made to investigate the claims that his network had become infected with liberal politics, and at that time concluded that was not the case.Despite Brady’s obviously skewed “investigation” from November, it now appears that the network has accepted the charge that it has become too political.Some of the changes include a proscription against political advocacy, including the one that states, “Original news reports should not include statements of support, opposition or partisanship related to any social issue, political position, candidate or office holder.” The rules also both directly and indirectly mention social media, stating, “Writers, reporters, producers and editors directly involved in ‘hard’ news reporting, investigative or enterprise assignments and related coverage should refrain in any public-facing forum from taking positions on political or social issues, candidates or office holders.”By “public-facing forum,” the network means social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter. Indeed, later in the new policy, it directly notes that the new rules apply to “ESPN, Twitter, Facebook and other media.”The new guidelines also inform hosts that any interviews with candidates will have to be cleared by executives so that “balance” can be assessed. It also says that presentations must be balanced, stating “The presentation should be thoughtful and respectful. We should offer balance or recognize opposing views, as warranted. We should avoid personal attacks and inflammatory rhetoric.”The new rules could act to temper the extreme liberalism in which hosts have routinely indulged. But, it remains to be seen if the network will stick to the policy if the left-wing commentary goes on unabated. After all, it should be noted that the network had rules similar to these before and it neither calmed the on-air liberal outbursts nor did the rules form the basis for any punishment of violations of anyone spouting liberal political views.Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.Breitbart Sports, ESPN, Jim Brady








The win, announced April 4, came when the NCAA’s university leaders “reluctantly voted” to end its boycott of the state, which began when the North Carolina legislature passed a law in March 2016 which reaffirmed the long-standing practice of keeping separate public bathrooms for men and women. Last week, the state legislature eliminated the 2016 law but passed a new law, HB142, which preserves the legality of single-sex bathrooms and shower rooms. According to the NCAA statement, We are actively determining site selections [for future sports events], and this new law has minimally achieved a situation where we believe NCAA championships may be conducted in a nondiscriminatory environment [in N.C.] … If we find that our expectations of a discrimination-free environment are not met, we will not hesitate to take necessary action at any time.Gay and transgender groups complained bitterly about their defeat, which happened despite loud and economically powerful support from left-wing university leaders, and from wealthy business interests in California, New York, and other far-left states. According to a statement from Equality NC:“It is disappointing to see the NCAA backpedal after it stood strong against the deeply discriminatory HB2,” said Equality NC Executive Director Chris Sgro. “HB142 continues the same discriminatory scheme put forward by HB2 and does little to protect the NCAA’s players, employees, and fans. The NCAA’s decision has put a seal of approval on state-sanctioned discrimination.”“The NCAA’s decision to backtrack on their vow to protect LGBTQ players, employees and fans is deeply disappointing and puts people at risk,” said [Human Rights Council] President Chad Griffin. “After drawing a line in the sand and calling for repeal of HB2, the NCAA simply let North Carolina lawmakers off the hook.The transgender groups did gain one concession from the NCAA, which promised to keep the issue alive by demanding updates from N.C. sports officials.  “The board, however, directs that any site awarded a championship event in North Carolina or elsewhere be required to submit additional documentation demonstrating how student-athletes and fans will be protected from discrimination,” said the NCAA statement.The NCAA’s retreat and the resulting defeat of the gay lobby is a big win for voters and legislators around the country who wish to block the effort by “gender identity” activists to eliminate legal and civic distinctions between the equal, popular and complementary preferences of men and women, such as single-sex bathrooms. In many other states, Democratic legislators and business leaders frequently cite the threat of N.C.-like economic boycotts to oppose legislation that recognizes and affirms the difference between men and women.In general, gay and transgender activists are trying to impose a “‘genderless society” on Americans, in which the government would encourage damaging lawsuits against any facility or group that recognizes the differences between the two sexes.Their state-by-state political campaign is aided by favorable media, by wealthy donors who fund lawsuits against schools and sports leagues, and by out-of-state business interests which threaten economic sanctions against states which try to preserve single-sex groups and facilities. Also, the transgender groups are aided by sympathetic judges who have the legal power to impose the “gender identity” ideology via civil rights law. The N.C. defeat won’t stop the ideological push, but likely will help Americans contain or roll it back in many states.The North Carolina dispute began in February 2016 when the city of Charlotte said men and women could use either bathroom according to their chosen “gender identity.” Also, the city ordinance did not require people to prove their “gender identity,” effectively allowing men to use women’s bathrooms and shower rooms if they simply declare a female “gender identity.”Nationwide, only about one-in-four voters support the “gender identity” ideology. Also, there are very few people who wish to live as members of the opposite sex, with estimates ranging from a high of one-in-130 Americans down to one-in-2,400 Americans.In March 2016, GOP legislators defeated the Charlotteville challenge by passing HB2, titled the “Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act.” The popular law affirmed the recognition of sexual differences between men and women, it limited cities’ ability to impose social legislation on citizens, it protected sexual privacy in shared public bathrooms, and it reaffirmed long-standing rules for how people can switch their legal sex after medical procedures. Gay and progressive groups, aided by the established media, then organized a year-long national campaign against the HB2 law.For example, they persuaded their allies in companies and universities to withdraw investment and sports tournaments from the state. The economic threat, although only partly effective, helped the 2016 defeat of the GOP’s effective governor, Pat McCrory. The anti-HB2 campaign failed, but according to one 2016 supporter, President Barack Obama, it helped defeat Hillary Clinton by distracting public recognition of economic improvements. However, the business pressure also pushed the new Democratic governor and the GOP leaders to approve the compromise HB142 deal which removed the NCAA boycott.HB142 is a stripped-down version of the HB2 bill, and it permanently preserves the state’s ability to set rules for single-sex bathrooms. After November 2020, cities and counties will regain some powers to write new legal rights for gays and for “transgender” people who want to live as members of the opposite sex, ensuring renewed political fights over the role of the “gender,” and over distinctions between the male and female sexes.The “gender identity” advocates slammed the HB142 law: Last Thursday, the North Carolina General Assembly and Governor Roy Cooper (pictured) passed an egregious bill — HB142 — that keeps some of the most discriminatory provisions of HB2 alive. Under this new “HB2.0,” which replaces one discriminatory, anti-transgender bathroom bill with another, the North Carolina General Assembly reserves total control over bathroom access throughout the state to itself; that means no city, state agency, public university or school board can ever adopt a policy that ensures transgender people have access to restrooms consistent with their gender identity.  Further, no city can even consider passing any protections for LGBTQ people until 2020. At the end of this discriminatory “moratorium,” cities will still be prevented from ensuring transgender people are able to use facilities consistent with their gender identity. Conservatives leaders are downplaying their success, partly because they are trying to avoid a resurgence of the economic embargo by left-wing business leaders. For example, the statement from the NC Values Coalition applauded the NCAA”s decision but decried the economic embargo. The statement by Executive Director Tami Fitzgerald said:NC Values Coalition is pleased that the NCAA Board of Governors has decided to end their boycott and lobbying efforts against our State and are now including North Carolina bids to host future NCAA Championship events through 2022. The NCAA’s boycott of North Carolina achieved what it wanted—the repeal of HB2—proving that bullying works as long as you meet the demands of the bully; however, the NCAA had no business demanding anything of North Carolina lawmakers.  Nondiscrimination laws in North Carolina—even under HB2—have always been similar to 29 other states and 10,000 other multiplicities.The North Carolina win for Americans may help similar sex-affirmation, anti-transgender fights underway in Texas and many other states. To read more about the “gender identity” ideology, click here and here. Big Government, hb142, HB2, North Carolina, pat mccrory, Transgender








Until Tuesday the NCAA remained quiet about whether or not it would allow NC to regain permission to host the games. The Tar Heel state lost its privilege as a destination for games in 2016 when it decreed under the law HB2 that all people, including transgenders, have to use bathrooms corresponding to their biological gender as indicated on their birth certificate. Many advocates for transgender rights believe the repeal of HB2, and replacing it with HB142, does not go far enough to protect the rights of transexuals.The new law essentially restores the status quo prior to HB2. However,  HB-142 prohibits government entities from creating laws that pertain to multiple-occupancy bathrooms, showers, and changing rooms unless it’s “in accordance with an act of the General Assembly.” The new law only applies until December 1, 2020.According to The Washington Times, the NCAA called HB142 “far from perfect,” but “meets the minimal NCAA requirements,” therefore allowing them to lift the boycott of championship games.“We are actively determining site selections, and this new law has minimally achieved a situation where we believe NCAA championships may be conducted in a nondiscriminatory environment,” the NCAA said in a statement. “If we find that our expectations of a discrimination-free environment are not met, we will not hesitate to take necessary action at any time.”Pro-LGBT advocacy groups were not happy with the NCAA’s decision. “What a sell-out,” Lambda Legal tweeted, after hearing the news. “The NCAA’s decision to backtrack on their vow to protect LGBTQ players, employees and fans is deeply disappointing and puts people at risk.” Chad Griffin, president of Human Rights Campaign responded, “After drawing a line in the sand and calling for repeal of HB2, the NCAA simply let North Carolina lawmakers off the hook.”So far the NBA has not stated whether HB142 meets their minimum standards for holding all-star games in NC in the future. In February, the NBA relocated its All-Star Weekend, which was scheduled for Charlotte, and moved it to New Orleans as a protest to HB2.Breitbart Sports, HB 2, HB-142, NCAA








From AdWeek:Asked what one word best describes Breitbart’s tenacious political coverage, the site’s political editor echoes none other than Dan Rather. “Courageous,” says Matthew Boyle, who joined Breitbart in 2012 from The Daily Caller. Of Boyle’s work ethos, Breitbart editor in chief Alex Marlow has said he “typifies the ‘fighting spirit’ we value.”In August, Boyle called out the media on Fox’s Sean Hannity Show for “100 percent using” fallen Muslim-American solider U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan and his family “for their political goals.” “We don’t take orders from anyone except ourselves on what we think we should be focused on,” says Boyle, who worked closely with former Breitbart chairman Steve Bannon, now Trump’s chief strategist. “Steve is a friend and my old boss, and I’ve learned so much from him,” Boyle notes. “He’s an incredibly smart person and I talk to him on occasion, as any good journalist would do, trying to get information out of newsworthy sources.” Boyle says he plans to be in the business “for a long time” for one simple reason: “Someone has to do the tough work, and the amazing team we have at Breitbart is stepping up in a fantastic way to fill the void left behind by the receding relevancy of waning established legacy operations. It’s an exciting time to be in journalism, and I’m not even 30 years old yet.” –Chris AriensFor the rest of the article, click here.Big Government, Big Journalism, Adweek, Matthew Boyle








“I think it’s an issue which deeply concerns people like myself and other people, working-level officers in the intel community,” Uehlinger said. “Even though at this point, there seems to be no evidence of breaking the law, this ‘unmasking’ of people was ill-advised at best. I think it really shows that abuse of power and the fact that many people in the Obama administration were willing to violate the spirit of the laws designed to protect Americans, perhaps rather than the law itself.”LISTEN:“As a working-level CIA officer, we were always told by upper authority, you’re always told to – and the quote is – ‘avoid the appearance of impropriety,’” he said. “Well, this does not pass that smell test, definitely.”Uehlinger said another thing that concerns working-level officers in the intelligence and military communities is “the American people, average Americans like myself, are tired of seeing two sets of rules followed by the higher-ups and then the working-level people.”“This is just part of that again. A working-level officer would have gotten into big trouble doing anything remotely like this,” he observed. “But now, we have a lot of people saying that she should just be given a pass.”“While I understand, you know, it’s important that the Trump administration has to move forward with its domestic agenda, but these allegations demand to be further investigated,” he urged.Kassam proposed that Democrats and their media would not allow the Trump administration to move forward with any part of its agenda until this “Russia hysteria” is cleaned up. That will be a difficult task since, as Kassam noted, the hysteria has been burning at fever pitch for months without a shred of evidence to back up the wildest allegations.Uehlinger agreed and addressed Kassam’s point that media coverage alternates between “no surveillance was conducted” and “we know everything about Trump’s Russia connections.”“The Obama administration relaxed the rule that allowed raw intelligence that was gathered by the NSA to be shared throughout the government,” he pointed out. “First of all, to relax that, there is absolutely no operational justification for doing that. With all of the counter-intelligence problems, with espionage, with Snowden, all these things we’ve had, to raise by an order of magnitude the access to this very sensitive information makes no operational sense at all.” “So for someone to approve that, it’s clear they had another intent, and I believe the intent was to allow for further leakage,” he charged. “To give more people access, thus more leaks, which, in fact, would hurt the Trump administration. It seems very obvious when you put that together and combine it with the actions of Susan Rice and other people in unmasking people. That is the true purpose behind this.” “I say this as somebody who – you have to remember, when I was a station chief overseas, this is what I was reporting on. I was in countries like Azerbaijan, Tajikistan, Kosovo – countries which constantly had the offices of the prime minister or president using the intelligence services to suppress the domestic opposition. So I’ve been to this rodeo before, many a time. I saw the storm clouds gathering several weeks ago, and everything I’ve suspected has so far come to fruition,” Uehlinger said.He pronounced it “very disappointing” that such transparent abuse of government power for partisan politics would occur in the United States.“An intelligence service has to have the trust of the people and the government in order to function effectively,” he said. “With all of these scandals happening, and with the name of perhaps the CIA and other intelligence community elements in the mud, this makes the object of protecting our national security more problematic. The agencies have to have the trust of the American people, and they’re losing it, because it seems as though they’ve been weaponized –  perhaps, like I said, not breaking the law but playing very close to the line.”Kassam suggested that leaking the information might have been illegal, even if Rice was legally entitled to request information on Donald Trump’s campaign and unmask the U.S. persons monitored during surveillance of foreign intelligence targets.“That’s absolutely the case,” Uehlinger agreed. He went on to argue that the absence of hard evidence for any wrongdoing by the Trump campaign in all of these leaks was highly significant.“Since basically the Obama administration has sort of loaded this with these rule changes and all to allow for leaks the fact that there is no ‘smoking gun’ of Trump administration collusion with Russia indicates that there isn’t any. There is nothing substantial here because a juicy morsel like that would certainly have been leaked by the same people that have been leaking everything else. The fact it hasn’t been leaked out means it does not exist,” he reasoned.Kassam said some of the Russia hysteria came from imputing sinister motives to conventional business dealings, arguing that Trump’s organization made deals around the world, and it is exceedingly difficult to do business with any Russian entity that is not somehow connected to the Russian government.“That’s an excellent point. You’re absolutely right,” Uehlinger responded. “It shows these people who are doing these gambits are relying on the relative ignorance of the American public of the actual nuts and bolts of intelligence to make their point. Anyone with any background in this stuff can see it for what it is: a desperate attempt to discredit an administration because they were crushed in the past elections.”Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.Listen to the complete audio of the interview above.Big Government, National Security, Radio, 2016 election, Breitbart News Daily, Donald Trump, intelligence community, Russia, Susan Rice, unmasking








The recent reports further prove, at least in part, President Donald Trump’s claims that senior Obama officials had collected intelligence on Trump aids and disseminated it throughout the government. Rice’s involvement — as it relates to her reported role in the unmasking of Trump aids and circulating sensitive information — places the longtime Obama operative at the center of another major political scandal.Below are five facts from Susan Rice scandals every American should know.1. Susan Rice allegedly ordered surveillance of Donald Trump’s 2016 election campaign aides as part of a political intelligence operation. Rice allegedly maintained spreadsheets of Trump aides’ telephone calls “one year before the 2016 presidential election,” according to the Daily Caller.The Daily Caller reports:“What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,” diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday.“The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,” diGenova said. “In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls.”2. Rice claimed that climate change was responsible for the deadly civil war in Syria. “In the years prior to civil war breaking out in Syria, that country also experienced its worst drought on record,” Rice said in October 2015, during a speech at Stanford University. “Farming families moved en masse into urban centers, increasing political unrest and further priming the country for conflict.”Hundreds of thousands of Syrians have been killed in the conflict since President Barack Obama drew his infamous “red line” in 2012, promising to retaliate against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s regime if it used chemical weapons on its own people.3. Rice once declared that there is “no military solution” to the raging conflict in Yemen.“As in Syria, there is no military solution to the crisis in Yemen,” Rice said in April 2015, during a speech at the Arab American Institute’s Kahlil Gibran Gala.Seven months before Rice’s speech, President Obama had called his administration’s drone strike-driven military operation in Yemen a success story.President Trump, however, ordered more airstrikes against al-Qaeda in Yemen in February than any year in Obama’s presidency.4. Susan Rice said accused deserter Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl served “with honor and distinction.”In March 2015, Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was charged with treason for allegedly deserting his fellow soldiers and abandoning his Afghanistan outpost in 2009.In a June 2014 broadcast of ABC’s This Week, Susan Rice defended Bergdahl, saying he “served the United States with honor and distinction. And we’ll have the opportunity eventually to learn what has transpired in the past years.”As Breitbart News reported, six soldiers lost their lives searching for then-Private First Class Bowe Bergdahl after he abandoned his outpost.5. Susan Rice was the driving force behind a misinformation campaign about the Sept. 11, 2012, Benghazi terror attacks. Then-UN Ambassador Rice, acting as the Obama White House’s spokeswoman, appeared on five Sunday morning talk shows and repeatedly claimed that the Benghazi attacks had been caused by an anti-Islam video.Rice appeared on ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox News, and CNN and regurgitated talking points purporting that the protests that had erupted “spontaneously” near two U.S. government facilities in Benghazi, Libya and were a result of a “hateful video” that was offensive to Islam.But government documents, released following a Judicial Watch lawsuit, reveal that government officials monitoring the attack in real-time did not cite an anti-Islam video as an explanation for the paramilitary attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi.In May 2015 interview, former Obama CIA Director Mike Morell said Rice’s Benghazi talking points blaming an anti-Islam YouTube video crossed “the line between national security and politics.”“I think the line in there that says one of our objectives here right on the Sunday show is to blame the video rather than a failure of policy,” Morell said on Fox News’ Special Report. “And as you know, I say in the book that I think that that is crossing the line between national security and politics.”Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudsonBig Government, Pre-Viral, barack obama, Big Government, Daily Caller, Intelligence, national security, spreadsheets, surveillance, Susan Rice, Syria, wiretapping








by Joel B. Pollak4 Apr 20170Here are the highlights of Mitchell’s interview with Rice, which took up the first quarter-hour of Mitchell’s show.Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.Big Government, Big Journalism, National Security, Andrea Mitchell, barack obama, MSNBC, national security advisor, surveillance, Susan Rice, Trump Tower, unmasking








Monday on “CNN Tonight,” host Don Lemon explained the report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice unmasked members of the Trump transition team as a “diversion.”“[L]et us be very clear about this,” Lemon stated. “There is no evidence whatsoever that the Trump team was spied on illegally. There is no evidence that backs up the president’s original claim. On this program tonight, we will not insult your intelligence by pretending otherwise, nor will we aid and abet the people who are trying to misinform you, the American people, by creating a diversion.”Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideoBreitbart TV, CNN, Don Lemon, Donald Trump, Susan Rice








Monday on “Anderson Cooper 360,” CNN chief national security correspondent Jim Sciutto called a report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice was behind the unmasking of identities of members of the Trump transition team in surveillance of foreign officials to be a distraction from a larger investigation of the Trump administration.According to what Sciutto described as a “source,” those allegations aimed at Rice were false, which is what Sciutto based his claim of this being a distraction.Partial transcript as follows:Well, just a short time ago, I spoke with someone close to Ambassador Rice, and this is the first comments from someone close to Rice today on these allegations. I’ll read it in quotes.“The idea that Ambassador Rice improperly sought the identities of Americans is false. There is nothing unusual about making these requests when serving as a senior national security official, whether Democrat or Republican.” That coming from someone who works for Ambassador Rice.But let’s go beyond that, because I spoke today with senior — former senior U.S. intelligence officials, the senior most who served both Republican and Democratic administrations, and this is what they have told me about this story.They said, “One, this is not unusual. This happens. When you are briefed on intelligence communications like this, sometimes senior national security officials can ask the intelligence community to identify the Americans either mentioned in those conversations or on the other side of those phone calls. It’s not up to that senior U.S. national security official to make that decision, it’s then up to the intelligence agencies, the NSA, they decide what’s appropriate to then unmask for that senior official. It is legal. There are protocols that have been put in place since 9/11 to allow this to happen.”And I’m told, this very meticulously logged, someone said to me, described it, it’s like Catholic baptismal records. It’s so well- logged. You can’t do this in secret and you have to do it without the approval of the intelligence community.And, finally, Anderson, I would just say, why would someone do this? Every day, they’re getting briefings on intelligence. Their briefer chooses what they are briefed on, including Ambassador Rice, in those briefings, an official such as Rice might say, to further understand it, I would like to know who those names are. And that’s why they would make that request, which then as I said would have to be approved by the intelligence community.That’s what I’m told. And again to note by senior intelligence officials who work for both Democrats and Republicans. This appears to be a story, largely ginned up, partly as a distraction from this larger investigation.But I will say, Anderson, you’re aware of this, the investigations continue, but particularly on the House side, there are now questions coming from both Democrats and Republicans about how bipartisan this investigation can be.(h/t Daily Caller)Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poorBreitbart TV, Anderson Cooper, CNN, Jim Sciutto, Susan Rice, wiretapping








Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” President Barack Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice addressed reports she was responsible for the unmasking of names of Trump associates after the election during the transition period.Rice said unmaking names in intelligence reports she received is standard procedure insisting, “I leaked nothing to nobody,” adding there is “no equivalence” between unmasking and leaking.Rice said, “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes. That is absolutely false. I was the national security advisor. My job is to protect the American people and the security of our country. That’s the same as the secretary of state, the secretary of defense, the CIA director, and every morning to enable us to do that, we receive, from the intelligence community, a compilation of intelligence reports that the intelligence community selected for us on a daily basis to give us the best information as to what is going on around the world. I received those reports as did each of the other officials, and there were occasions when I would receive a report in which a U.S. person was referred to. Name not provided, just U.S. person. And sometimes in that context, in order to understand the importance of the report, and assess it’s significance, it was necessary to find out, or request the information as to who the U.S. official was.”She continued, “I leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would. Let me explain this. First, to talk about the contents of a classified report — to talk about the individuals on the foreign side, who were the targets of the report itself, or any Americans that may have collected upon incidentally is to disclose classified information I’m not going to do that. Those people putting these stories out are doing just that. I can’t describe any particular report, and I have no idea what re reports — I don’t know the time frame, the subject matter, and I don’t know who they think was collected upon.”She added, “When the intelligence community would respond to a request to identify an American, that would come back only to the person requested it, brought back to them directly. To me, or to whoever might have requested it, on occasion, and this is important. It was not then typically broadly disseminated throughout the nation security community or the government. So the notion that some people are trying to suggest that by asking for the identity of an American person, that is the same as leaking it is completely false. There is no equivalence between so-called unmasking and leaking.”Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBreitbart TV, Andrea Mitchell, Andrea Mitchell Reports, MSNBC, Susan Rice








CNN’s Chris Cuomo cautioned “New Day” viewers Tuesday to beware what he called the “fake scandal being peddled by right-wing media” that is the report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice was behind the unmasking of identities of members of the Trump transition team.According to Cuomo, there is “no evidence of any wrongdoing.”“So President Trump wants you to believe that he is the victim of a ‘crooked scheme.’ Those are his words. And here are our words: There is no evidence of any wrongdoing,” Cuomo said.He continued, “And, in fact, if anything the [national security adviser] asking for identities was a reflection of exactly how much traffic there was involving Trump people and foreign players. The White House blasting the press for not reporting on another fake scandal being peddled by right-wing media.”Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideoBreitbart TV, Chris Cuomo, CNN, Donald Trump, New Day, Susan Rice








Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” host Joe Scarborough posed the question that if the allegation had been a Republican administration snooping on an incoming Democratic administration, specifically if it had been then-Vice President Dick Cheney asking for an unmasking of names of an Obama administration, what might the media reception to these reports be?“This Bloomberg report says that one official familiar with reports say they contained valuable political information, not intel, but valuable political information on what the Trump transition team was doing, including who Trump was meeting, who the Trump team was meeting, what the views were of Trump associates on foreign policy matters and plans for the incoming administration,” he said.“What if Dick Cheney had asked for the unmasking of names for Barack Obama’s incoming administration?” Scarborough added. “It’s a very simple question to ask the next time anybody says this is much ado about nothing.”(h/t The Hill)Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poorBreitbart TV, Dick Cheney, Joe Scarborough, Morning Joe, MSNBC, Susan Rice








“I’m somewhat surprised in terms of the level of interest that I’ve seen from the press corps, one set of developments versus another set of developments,” Spicer said during the White House press briefing on Monday.Since President Donald Trump accused former President Obama’s administration of spying on his campaign staff, journalists have demanded evidence to back up his claims. Spicer suggested that the media was approaching the issue with a double standard after Rice’s activity was exposed.“I’m somewhat more from a media standpoint somewhat intrigued by the lack of interest that we’ve seen in some of these public revelations and reporting that has gone in that direction that we’ve seen in some of the other directions that we’ve seen,” he said.Spicer declined to comment about the new revelations, citing the ongoing investigation.“There’s a troubling direction that some of this is going in, but we’re going to let this review go on before we jump to it,” he said.In the aftermath of the news, some reporters suggested that Rice was merely doing her job by unmasking Trump’s National Security Advisor Michael Flynn.“If victim Flynn hadn’t been ‘unmasked’ — would Trump had fired him? Would it be better to have ‘masked’ man Flynn running NSC?” New York Times reporter Glenn Thrush asked on Twitter. “’Unmasking’ sounds better than ‘we picked a national security adviser who was on the payroll of 2 other countries.’”Trump has not reacted to questions about the revelations in the press and has not shared his opinion about the news on Twitter.Spicer said that the administration would not try to assign a motive to Rice’s reported behavior, but wait to see the results of the investigation.“We’re not going to start going down guessing the motives of something that is not assumed in fact yet,” he said.Big Government, Big Journalism, barack obama, Donald Trump, Glenn Thrush, Sean Spicer, Susan Rice, Trump campaign aides, white house press corps








The alleged spreadsheets add a new dimension to reports on Sunday and Monday by blogger Mike Cernovich and Eli Lake of Bloomberg News that Rice had asked for Trump aides’ names to be “unmasked” in intelligence reports. The alleged “unmasking” may have been legal, but may also have been part of an alleged political intelligence operation to disseminate reports on the Trump campaign widely throughout government with the aim of leaking them to the press.At the time that radio host Mark Levin and Breitbart News compiled the evidence of surveillance, dissemination, and leaking — all based on mainstream media reports — the mainstream media dismissed the story as a “conspiracy theory.”Now, however, Democrats are backing away from that allegation, and from broader allegations of Russian collusion with the Trump campaign, as additional details of the Obama administration’s alleged surveillance continue to emerge.The Daily Caller reports:“What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,” diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday.“The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,” diGenova said. “In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls.”The surveillance and spreadsheet operation were allegedly “ordered one year before the 2016 presidential election.” According to a Fox News report on Monday, former White House aide Ben Rhodes was also involved.Rhodes and Rice were both implicated in a disinformation campaign to describe the Benghazi terror attack in Sep. 2012 as a protest against a YouTube video. Rhodes also boasted of creating an “echo chamber” in the media to promote the Iran deal, feeding stories to contrived networks of “experts” who offered the public a steady stream of pro-agreement propaganda.On Monday, Rhodes retweeted a CNN story quoting Rep. Jim Himes (D-CT) claiming that the alleged unmasking was “nothing unusual.”To the extent they have reported the surveillance story at all, CNN and other news outlets have focused on Trump’s tweets last month that alleged President Obama had “wiretapped” Trump Tower, describing the claims as unfounded.CNN continued treating story dismissively on Monday, with The Lead host Jake Tapper insisting allegations of Russian interference in the election were more important than what he referred to as the president’s effort to distract from them.Later in the day, host Don Lemon declared he would ignore the surveillance story and urged viewers to do likewise.The potential abuse of surveillance powers for political purposes has long troubled civil libertarians, and could affect the re-authorization of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Amendments Act later this year.Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.Big Government, Big Journalism, National Security, ben rhodes, Daily Caller, Intelligence, spreadsheets, surveillance, Susan Rice, wiretapping








Farkas served as deputy assistant secretary of defense under the Obama administration. She has been in the spotlight since the news media last week highlighted comments she made on television that seemed to acknowledge efforts by members of the Obama administration to collect intelligence on Trump and members of his campaign.Now it has emerged that at on October 26, 2016, Farkas made remarks as a panelist at the annual Warsaw Security Forum predicting Trump’s removal from office “pretty quickly.”Asked at the event to address the priorities of a future Hillary Clinton administration, Farkas stated:It’s not a done deal, as you said. And so, to the Americans in the audience please vote. And not only vote but get everybody to vote. Because I really believe we need a landslide. We need an absolute repudiation of everything. All of the policies that Donald Trump has put out there. I am not afraid to be political. I am not hiding who I am rooting for. And I think it’s very important that we continue to press forward until election day and through election day to make sure that we have the right results.I do agree however with General Breedlove that even if we have the wrong results from my perspective America is resilient. We have a lot of presidential historians who have put forward very coherent the argument – they have given us examples of all of our horrible presidents in the past and the fact that we have endured. And we do have a strong system of checks and balances. And actually, if Donald Trump were elected I believe he would be impeached pretty quickly or somebody else would have to take over government. And I am not even joking.Farkas was referring to General Philip Mark Breedlove, another panelist at the conference who served as Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR) of NATO Allied Command Operations.  The panel discussion was about what to expect following the Nov. 8 presidential election.Farkas has also been in the news after remarks she made as a contributor on MSNBC on March 2 resurfaced last week.  In the comments, she said that she told former Obama administration colleagues to collect intelligence on Trump and campaign officials.“I was urging my former colleagues and, frankly speaking, the people on the Hill, it was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people, get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can, before President Obama leaves the administration,” stated Farkas.She continued:Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior [Obama] people who left, so it would be hidden away in the bureaucracy … that the Trump folks – if they found out how we knew what we knew about their … the Trump staff dealing with Russians – that they would try to compromise those sources and methods, meaning we no longer have access to that intelligence.The White House has utilized Farkas’s statements to bolster the charge that Trump was being illicitly surveilled during the campaign.White House Spokesman Sean Spicer last week stated:[I]f you look at Obama’s Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense that is out there, Evelyn Farkas, she made it clear that it was their goal to spread this information around, that they went around and did this. …They have admitted on the record that this was their goal — to leak stuff. And they literally — she said on the record “Trump’s team.” There are serious questions out there about what happened and why and who did it. And I think that’s really where our focus is in making sure that that information gets out.Farkas, a former adviser to Hillary Clinton’s campaign, served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia until she resigned in 2015.She told the Daily Caller last week that she had no access to any intelligence. “I had no intelligence whatsoever, I wasn’t in government anymore and didn’t have access to any,” she said.Speaking to the Washington Post, Farkas denied being a source of any leaks.The Post reported:Farkas, in an interview with The Post, said she “didn’t give anybody anything except advice,” was not a source for any stories and had nothing to leak. Noting that she left government in October 2015, she said, “I was just watching like anybody else, like a regular spectator” as initial reports of Russia contacts began to surface after the election.Farkas currently serves as a nonresident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council, which takes a hawkish approach toward Russia and has released numerous reports and briefs about Russian aggression.The Council is funded by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, Inc., the U.S. State Department, and NATO ACT. Another Council funder is the Ploughshares Fund, which in turn has received financing from billionaire George Soros’ Open Society Foundations.Farkas serves on the Atlantic Council alongside Dmitri Alperovitch, co-founder of CrowdStrike, the third-party company utilized by the FBI to make its assessment about alleged Russian hacking into the Democratic National Committee (DNC). Alperovitch is a nonresident senior fellow of the Cyber Statecraft Initiative at the Atlantic Council.Last month, FBI Director James Comey confirmed that his agency never had direct access to the DNC’s servers to confirm the hacking. “Well, we never got direct access to the machines themselves,” he stated. “The DNC in the spring of 2016 hired a firm that ultimately shared with us their forensics from their review of the system.”National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers also stated the NSA never asked for access to the DNC hardware: “The NSA didn’t ask for access. That’s not in our job.”Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.With research by Joshua Klein and Brenda J. Elliott.Big Government, Breitbart Jerusalem, Breitbart TV, Evelyn Farkas, General Philip Mark Breedlove, Hillary Clinton 2016, impeachment, Obama administration, ploughshares fund, U.S. President Donald J Trump, White House








Tuesday on Hugh Hewitt’s nationally syndicated radio show, Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) commented on a report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice for President Barack Obama was behind the unmasking of the identities of members of Donald Trump’s transition team.Cotton noted Rice’s involvement in this story and her involvement in what he suggested were other Obama administration foreign policy missteps and likened her to “Typhoid Mary.”“Susan Rice is the Typhoid Mary of the Obama administration foreign policy,” Cotton said. “Every time something went wrong, she seemed to turn up in the middle of it, whether it was these allegations of improper unmasking, intentional or improper surveillance, whether it’s Benghazi or the other fiascos over the eight years of the Obama administration.”“If Eli Lake’s reporting is correct, it is hard to square what Susan Rice said in that PBS interview,” he added.Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poorBreitbart TV, Hugh Hewitt, Obama, Susan Rice, Tom Cotton, wiretapping








During the event, Trump displayed a massive chart of the regulatory permitting process for a highway.Trump shows a list of government regulations, agencies, and permitting required to build a highway -> pic.twitter.com/j9IN6z6vr3— Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) April 4, 2017Trump previewed his plan to pass a trillion dollar infrastructure spending bill, but said he wanted companies taking the funding to start on their project within 90 days, or they wouldn’t get anything.He also committed to shortening the regulatory and permitting process from 10-20 years down to just a year.“We’re going to be able to get rid of 90%-95% of that and still have the same kind of protection,” he said, referring to environmental concerns.Trump admitted that the massive regulations favored bigger builders who could afford to get through the lengthy process, but said he wanted to open it up to others.“We’re going to cut a lot of red tape,” he promised.Several New York CEO’s at the event specifically urged Trump to spend more money on infrastructure in the region, citing the percentage of tax dollars sent to the Federal Government.“I love New York and in some ways, we’re all lucky that I’m from New York, because New York has unique problems,” Trump said. But he also singled out Los Angeles and Chicago as cities needing more investments.“I am watching over everybody,” he promised.Big Government, ceo town hall, Donald Trump, infrastructure plan








“Our mission statement directs the Department of Justice ‘to ensure public safety,’ ‘to provide federal leadership in preventing and controlling crime’ and ‘to ensure fair and impartial administration of justice for all Americans,’” the memo states. “We fully embrace and share these responsibilities with thousands of law enforcement agencies across the country that also seek to prevent crime and protect the public.”The memo states that the responsibility of upholding the rule of law “first and foremost” belongs to state, local, and tribal law enforcement. The memo states:The Deputy Attorney General and the Associate Attorney General are hereby directed to immediately review all department activities, including collaborative investigations and prosecutions, grant making, technical assistance and training, compliance reviews, existing or contemplated consent decrees, and task force participation in order to ensure that they fully and effectively promote the principles outlined above.The media, however, is characterizing the policies outlined in the memo as an “effort to cut back on federal oversight of local law enforcement,” and to end Obama’s efforts to “force local police to reform many policies, from the use of deadly force to how officers deal with minority communities,” USA Today reported on Monday.The USA Today report praises the accomplishments of the Obama DOJ, including an agreement with Ferguson, Mo. police after the 2014 death of an 18-year-old suspect and a similar agreement with Baltimore police after the 2015 death of Freddie Gray.All six police officers charged in Gray’s death while in police custody were vindicated in the case.“Under President Obama, the Justice Department opened investigations into more than two dozen police agencies and secured court-enforceable agreements in more than a dozen cases to force changes in local law enforcement policy,” USA Today reported.USA Today also reports on the results of a “scathing investigation” released in the waning days of the Obama administration in January into police conduct in Chicago that alleged “widespread racial bias, excessive use of force, poor training and feckless oversight of officers accused of misconduct.”“Sadly, our thorough investigation into the Chicago Police Department found that far too many residents of this proud city have not received that kind of policing,” Attorney General Loretta Lynch said in announcing the results of the investigation. “The resulting deficit in trust and accountability is not just bad for residents – it’s also bad for dedicated police officers trying to do their jobs safely and effectively.”In his memo, Sessions said: “The misdeeds of individual bad actors should not impugn or undermine the legitimate and honorable work that law enforcement officers and agencies perform in keeping American communities safe.”Critics of the memo, including the liberal group, Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, called the memo “shocking” and cited the Lynch DOJ report on Baltimore police released in August.Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of LCCRUL said:In a 163 page report, the Justice Department laid out extensive evidence of unconstitutional policing practices including unlawful stops, searches, and arrests; racial disparities in the rates of stops, searches and arrests; and use of excessive force. The mayor, the community and the police department all support reform, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions is the obstacle standing in the way.National Public Radio reported on Tuesday that DOJ has asked a federal judge in Baltimore to delay a hearing this week on the Obama agreement with the police.NPR commentated in the news report that Sessions is “casting a cloud over a host of other federal consent decrees that target unconstitutional law enforcement practices.”Big Government, Law Enforcement, National Security, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, barack obama, DOJ, loretta lynch, memorandum, Police, state and local jurisdictions








Noting that the United States would not necessarily accept Assad running in a free and fair Syrian presidential election, she expressed faith that Assad would lose against a reasonable alternative candidate. “It’s that we don’t think the people want Assad anymore; we don’t think that he is going to be someone that the people want to have,” she said on Monday. Assad won re-election in 2014 with 88.7 percent of the vote, in an election then-Secretary of State John Kerry called a “sham.”Haley noted that the Trump administration had “no love for Assad” and accused him of violating international law. “We think that he has been a hindrance to peace for a long time. He’s a war criminal,” she said. “What he’s done to his people is nothing more than disgusting.”Last week, Haley told reporters that removing Assad from power was not “a priority” for the U.S. government, which led some in the media to question whether U.S. policy had shifted more in favor of Assad than in the past. “You pick and choose your battles,” Haley had said, “And when we’re looking at this, it’s about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit and focus on getting Assad out.”Haley described discussions on whether the United States should actively remove Assad to be “been there, done that” failures.On Monday, Haley clarified that America does have a priority in Syria outside of removing Assad: defeating the Islamic State (ISIS). “Our goal is to do what we need to defeat ISIS. I don’t know that our goal is to talk to Assad in doing that,” Haley said. “Right now, Assad is not our number one person to talk to.”Following Haley’s statements last week, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson appeared to toe the same line during his visit to Turkey. “I think the … longer-term status of President Assad will be decided by the Syrian people,” he told a reporter who asked him to comment on Haley’s remarks on Syria. The Turkish government has called for Assad’s ouster since shortly after the beginning of the Syrian Civil War, with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan repeatedly referring to Assad as a “terrorist.”Haley’s more recent condemnation of the Assad regime preceded by some hours a gruesome attack on a community in Idlib province, Syria, Tuesday morning, in which between 58 and more than one hundred people were killed. Casualty estimates from NGOs on the ground have varied significantly. The victims exhibited signs of being attacked with sarin gas, a chemical weapon banned by international laws of war. After the bombing of entire neighborhoods, allegedly with a chemical agent, aircraft flew over the hospitals and clinics treating the victims, conducting airstrikes on them.The Syrian government has not taken responsibility for the attack. The Syrian state news agency SANA instead published a denial of involvement from the Russian government, Assad’s closest international ally. “The Defense Minister has strongly dismissed another fake by Reuters Russian planes allegedly bombed Khan Shaikhoun, [Idlib]” the statement read. “Russian planes carried out no strikes in the area of Khan Shaikhoun.”The incident has triggered international condemnation, with some Western powers calling for an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting to address the incident. The White House issued a statement calling the bombings “heinous actions” and highlighting the inaction by the Obama administration in light of previous human rights violations by the Assad regime.Assad reportedly still possesses chemical weapons despite the Obama administration’s calling the use of such weapons a “red line” in 2012. Assad has since been accused of using the weapons on multiple occasions, and his officials have mocked the statement, with little response from the White House. Before leaving office, President Barack Obama said he did not “regret at all” calling the use of chemical weapons a “red line” and not acting on that statement.Breitbart Jerusalem, Middle East, National Security, Bashar al-Assad, Nikki Haley, Rex Tillerson, Russia, Syria








Each year, the National Committee on Pay Equity (NCPE) promotes “Equal Pay Day,” a day of activism designed to bring attention to the curious claim that American women receive 20 percent lower compensation on average than men for the same work.Because feminists activists cite the wage gap as a justification of their claim that America is an oppressive patriarchal society dominated by men who actively participate in holding down women, it’s important that we seek widespread understanding that this claim is dishonest and untrue.Fortunately, there is a major problem with the studies that support the wage gap claim – they control for none of the relevant factors that explain it is not America’s oppressive and discriminatory patriarchal society that is to blame for such raw wage differences, but rather the different choices that men and women make with regards to their labor such as desired fields of work, and total amount of hours worked.Accounting for these relevant factors, such as hours worked, marital status, number of children, education, occupation, number of years of continuous uninterrupted job experience, is crucial to understanding the differences that arise in salary. Controlling for just the total hours worked lessens the gap to 10.7 percent. In fact, when all of these factors are controlled for, the wage gap almost disappears entirely.Even The Atlantic has called the gender wage gap, “famously false,” after they cited a PayScale study that revealed that “that the wage gap nearly evaporates when you control for occupation and experience among the most common jobs, especially among less experienced workers.”Mark J. Perry, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, points out that the loudest advocates for the gender pay gap fail to cite examples of specific firms paying women 20 percent less than men for doing the same job.Despite the widespread acceptance of the frequent “66/77/80 cents on the dollar for the same job” claims documented above, there is rarely ever any specific evidence presented showing that specific organizations are in violation of federal law by paying women 20% or more less than men for doing the same job.What politicians like Obama, Clinton, and Edwards, and gender activist organizations like the NCPE and AAUW are really implying is that firms and organizations across the country are rampantly and illegally violating the Equal Pay Act of 1963 by paying women 66/77/80 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men, and those deliberate, flagrant and ongoing violations are somehow going undetected.Writing in The Observer, columnist Ashe Schow highlighted that men tend to enter higher-paying fields and women tend to enter lower-paying fields.Nine of the top 10 highest-earning majors were dominated by men (the second highest-earning, pharmaceutical sciences and administration, were slightly dominated by women, at 52 percent). Nine of the top 10 lowest-earning majors were dominated by women (women made up just 34 percent of theology and religious vocation majors and 55 percent of health and medical preparatory programs).New research from the National Committee on Pay Equity for Equal Pay Day 2017 suggests that the wage gap is slowly closing, but the study cited fails to control for these relevant factors that would reveal that the source of the gap is not gender discrimination in hiring, but rather the different career paths and labor habits that men and women exhibit in contemporary American society.Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.comEconomics








“I don’t use the term resistance … That was a term I associate with the French underground and people who risked their lives. So I don’t know that that’s a fair, apt metaphor for the latest contretemps over policy,” Brown told Nagourney.Nagourney’s article explores the efforts of Democratic politicians in California — who dominate the state’s politics — to lead the nationwide opposition to the Trump administration. The question of how, exactly, to conduct that opposition is one that divides the state party, and which is already playing into the election to succeed Brown as governor in 2018.While some candidates, and the state legislature, are pushing for more aggressive confrontations, Nagourney notes, “a more pragmatic dynamic is emerging for Democrats who are more settled in office” and need Trump’s “cooperation.” He mentions lobbying by state and local officials for a share of Trump’s proposed spending on infrastructure projects.An important example that escaped Nagourney’s attention is California’s reliance on the Trump administration to provide emergency relief. Already, the state has requested aid from the federal government four times since Trump took office, as it wrestles with the damage of heavy winter rains, snow and flooding. Each time, Trump has granted the aid.Democrats — not just in California — have embraced the term “resistance.” Left-wing Jewish groups are even calling themselves the “Jewish resistance,” even though the original Jewish Resistance Movement was a right-wing militia.Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.Big Government, Big Journalism, Breitbart California, California Democrats, Jerry Brown, New York Times, opposition, resistance








As Twitter continues its desperate efforts to render its platform wholly antiseptic — even going so far as to employ a powerful AI moderator — another member of its leadership has made for the proverbial lifeboats.Twitter Head of Asia Pacific Aliza Knox is the latest in a line of Asia-based executives to flee the company. She was preceded by China Head Kathy Chen, India and Southeast Asia Head Parminder Singh, and the India-specific Rishi Jaitly, as well as Australia’s Karen Stocks. For anyone keeping track, that makes it a whopping 60% of executives gone in 2016 alone — even if you exclude VPs and above.Knox worked almost five years for Twitter after her time at Google, expanding Twitter’s presence to nine offices and more than 100 employees in their Asia Pacific unit. She ended her time with a fond farewell from her coworkers and employees and finished by passing the torch to her replacement, Maya Hari.#Amazing 4.5 years at @Twitter! Proud to have built a great APAC team to hand over to @Maya_Hari. Thanks for the farewell! #LoveWhereIWorked pic.twitter.com/GaMrBABvbR— alizaknox (@alizaknox) March 31, 2017In a statement released to TechCrunch, Twitter said:We thank Aliza for her contributions and leadership over the past four years and a half years. She pioneered Twitter’s Asia Pacific business (outside of Japan), championed our expansion into new markets and businesses such as Indonesia and China export advertising, set up our Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore, and led our diversity initiatives across the region.Unfortunately, new blood hasn’t been enough to recover from Twitter’s continual decline. Twitter stock managed a meager 16 cent earning per share in the fourth quarter, missing revenue forecasts once again. It’s less than 1% in revenue growth, disheartening to even the foremost members of the company.Is there any way for Twitter to pull up, or has it already tweeted its last? Aliza Knox, as well as those before her, have made their opinion all too clear.Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.Tech, Twitter








Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León’s sanctuary bill passed on a straight party-line vote, 27-12, according to the Sacramento Bee. Strong pushback from law enforcement led to several amendments before the bill passed.The bill was first introduced as an “urgency” measure, as De León argued the Trump administration presented a threat to those in the country illegally. The Senate President later pulled the “urgency” status to lower the standard for passage, but at the cost of delaying the bill’s implementation to January 1, 2018.President Donald Trump has put sanctuary cities on notice that they could lose federal funding if they chose to continue to defy federal immigration authorities. In February the President called California a sanctuary state that is “out of control.”De León declared that “half” of his family were in the United States illegally, and lashed back at Trump during an interview on KPCC 89.3. In the interview he admitted “the vast majority of immigrants” have used fraudulent Social Security numbers.“SB 54 shields child abusers, human traffickers, and elder abusers from deportation and guarantees their return to our communities, and that’s why our fight must continue,” said State Senator Joel Anderson (R-Alpine) in an email to supporters after voting against the bill. “Over 31,000 Californians signed our petition and helped force the author to amend SB 54 so that murderers, rapists and child molesters would not be shielded from federal immigration authorities, but as long as felons are protected, we cannot stop fighting.”Anderson called the bill “the greatest threat to dreamers,” according to the Bee.Maryland has also been working on passing a sanctuary state law. The made national headlines in recent days on allegations that two illegal alien students had raped a young teenage girl in a school bathroom.Last week, Attorney General. Jeff Sessions warned that sanctuary jurisdictions could lose their portion of $4.1 billion in grants from the Department of Justice if they fail to comply with federal immigration law. He said that more than 200 jurisdictions had refused to honor ICE detainer requests in just one week. “The charges and convictions against these aliens include: drug trafficking, hit and run, rape, sex offenses against a child and even murder,” said Sessions.SB 54 now moves on to the State Assembly, where it is expected to pass and be signed into law by Gov. Jerry Brown.Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana Big Government, Breitbart California, Immigration, California, Donald Trump, illegal alien, Jeff Sessions, kevin de leon, Sanctuary State








The two nations have ignored Brussels’ insistence that they take migrants presently residing in great numbers in Italy and Greece. Public opinion in Hungary and Poland is also strongly against being forced to accept thousands of migrants from non-European cultures.Poland’s conservative Law and Justice Party (Prawo i Sprawiedliwość – PiS) swept to victory in 2015, partly due to voter anger over the previous government agreeing to take migrants under the quota system.In Hungary, Prime Minister Viktor Orbán has been a vocal opponent of the scheme from its conception, asserting that forcing member countries to take a compulsory quota of migrants is unlawful and will “spread terrorism around Europe”.Later this year, the two countries will be given an ultimatum and have to decide whether they are willing to maintain an anti-mass migration stances if it puts their membership of the EU at threat, a senior diplomatic source from one of the bloc’s six founding member states told The Times.The source said: “They will have to make a choice: are they in the European system or not? You cannot blackmail the EU, unity has a price.”The European Court of Justice (ECJ) is expected to hold a hearing on the legality of migrant quotas in the coming weeks, with a judgement — widely expected to be in favour of the scheme — likely by the end of the year.“We are confident that the ECJ will confirm validation,” the source said. “Then they must abide by the decision. If they don’t then they will face consequences, both financial and political. No more opt-outs. There is no more ‘one foot in and one foot out’. We are going to be very tough on this.”Hungary challenged the court, insisting that it is culturally and constitutionally unreasonable to impose asylum seekers on unwilling member states.In December, referring to policies of importing large numbers of people from the third world, Orbán stated that Hungary and other countries in Central Europe “have had the opportunity to learn from Western Europe’s mistakes”.“Hungary is a stable island in the turbulent western world because the people were consulted on their opinions here, and we defended the country against illegal immigration.”In 2015, when European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans demanded Eastern and Central EU nations undergo similar demographic transitions as in Western Europe, Hungary was singled out for special mention.“Any society, anywhere in the world, will be diverse in the future — that’s the future of the world,” Timmermans said. “So [Central European countries] will have to get used to that. They need political leaders who have the courage to explain that to their population instead of playing into the fears as I’ve seen Mr Orbán doing in the last couple of months.”Breitbart London reported that the European Union is to open asylum processing centres in west Africa and countries on the southern shore of the Mediterranean because the continent “needs six million migrants”, the European Commissioner for Migration Dimitris Avramopoulos said last month.Breitbart London, Immigration, EU migrant crisis, EU migrant quota, EU migrant redistribution policy, European Commission, European Union, hungary, Poland, Viktor Orbán








“Hungary is situated on Europe’s external border. So if Hungary’s external border is endangered, then Europe’s external border is endangered. Hungary is simultaneously protecting its own external borders and Europe’s external borders,” the Fidesz leader explained in an interview with Kossuth Rádió.“And if we weren’t protecting Europe’s external borders, the Austrians and the Germans would be in big trouble, [as] at that time Hungary was unable to protect Europe’s external borders and millions of migrants marched through Hungary towards Austria and Germany.”On 4 March, 2017, Breitbart London reported that immigration to Germany in the decade to 2015 was close to four million, surpassing even the Turkish “guest worker” surge of the 1980s. At least two million arrived in 2014-15 alone.The country’s free and easy attitude to mass migration came at a high price, being accompanied by high profile crime and terror events and costing taxpayers tens of billions of euros“We put an end to this, and everyone in Austria and Germany is happy about that – although political double-dealing doesn’t allow them to say so, or write about it,” Orbán said.“Let’s put it this way: in a number of countries in Europe there is a culture of hypocrisy; everyone knows that without the Hungarians they’d be in much bigger trouble than they are in now – indeed, they’d be in real trouble. Everyone knows this, and in the corridors and in meetings behind closed doors everyone thanks Hungary for its work.“But when it comes to public statements, everyone says – though not with the same intensity as earlier, because the situation was far worse two years ago – that things are not quite right.”European Union sources have threatened that Hungary and Poland may actually be expelled from the bloc for refusing to accept compulsory migrant quotas, a measure forced through despite opposition from Central European member-states.“If someone wants to live in Hungary, they must seek the permission of the Hungarian people,”  Orbán believes.“There can be no international principle, norm, court or organisation which says that it doesn’t matter what the Hungarian people think about their own country and about whom they want to live together with, and that someone else will decide for us. This is impossible.”Border, Breitbart London, Immigration, Brussels, EU, Europe, European Union, fidesz, Germany, hungary, Viktor Orbán








Relations between the region and the central government have seriously deteriorated in recent years because of Catalonia’s demand to hold an independence vote, contrary to Spain’s constitution.Catalonia says it will hold a binding referendum in September and included provisions for the ballot in its 2017 spending plans presented last month.A court statement Tuesday said the suspension would initially last five months while it studies the government challenge and makes a ruling.Polls show the 7.5 million Catalans are evenly divided on independence, but a majority supports a referendum.The region, whose capital is Barcelona, represents a fifth of Spain’s GDP.Breitbart London, Catalonian, Spain








Reaching out to what the Front National leader calls “forgotten France”, Le Pen spoke at a rally in an open-sided barn to nearly 1,000 people in the small Eure-et-Loir town, which has a population of just 1,200, on Monday.“The other candidates are only in big cities,” she said whilst taking selfies with the eager members of the crowd. “I have been meeting in small villages and meeting French people who have never seen a candidate come to see them. It is my place, I am here among the French people who I want to defend.”"Au nom de quoi nous n'aurions pas le droit de nous protéger face au dumping social et à la concurrence déloyale ?" #BazocheGouët pic.twitter.com/HWKIRSYkQV— Marine Le Pen (@MLP_officiel) April 3, 2017Focusing on rural affairs in her address, Le Pen also drove home her national agenda of neutrality, secularism, and security.“On security, it will be zero tolerance,” she said. “I will never ask the French to get used to terrorism. I will  bring Islamist fundamentalism to its knees!”Promising to put ‘France First’, Le Pen affirmed: “With me at the head of the State, never will a stowaway be treated better than a Frenchman in his own country.”"Je ne peux plus supporter d'entendre #Macron insulter la France, dire qu'il veut vous "chasser", vous, patriotes de France !" #BazocheGouët pic.twitter.com/TpgWNtIzIk— Marine Le Pen (@MLP_officiel) April 3, 2017Ms. Le Pen also criticised pro-mass migration En Marche candidate Macron, who during a speech in Marseilles Saturday attacked Ms. Le Pen, her party, and by inference, her supporters.During a rally in the crime-plagued Mediterranean port city, where 30 to 40 per cent of the population are Muslim, Macron declared: “Let us drive away from this campaign, far from the country, the party of hatred, that of contempt, of the withdrawal, and all of those who make us so ashamed.”Calling his words “contemptuous”, the Front National party leader said: “I can no longer bear to hear Mr. Macron say that you, you patriots, should be driven out of your own country.”“We do not insult the people like that, Mr. Macron,” said Ms. Le Pen, to which the audience applauded and chanted: “We are at home.”“How can Mr. Macron make such abject remarks towards the patriots and lovers of France that you are, that we are. He has insulted France by saying that she has committed a crime against humanity in Algeria.”Le Pen was referencing comments made by Macron in February when he implied a collective national guilt for stating that French colonisation of Algeria was a “crime against humanity” – a comment that cost him five voter intention points in the days that followed."Le patriotisme n'est pas une idée morte, c'est au contraire le creuset de notre avenir, de nos rêves !" #BazocheGouët pic.twitter.com/FBSvi2l4Ut— Marine Le Pen (@MLP_officiel) April 3, 2017“Patriotism is not a dead idea,” she added, “On the contrary, it is the crucible of our future, of our dreams.”Current polling suggests likely voter intention puts Marcon just 0.5 per cent ahead of Le Pen (26 per cent/25.5 per cent) for first round voting. Le Pen, who addressed young voters in Bordeaux on Sunday, is polling equal with Macron at 24 per cent with 18-24-year-olds.The first round of the presidential election occurs on 23 April, with the run-off set to take place on 7 May.A supporter of candidate for the presidential election Marine Le Pen, wears a t-shirt with a portrait of U.S President Donald Trump during a meeting in La Bazoche Gouet, central France, Monday, April 3, 2017.Breitbart London, Emmanuel Macron, French Presidential Elections 2017, Front National, Marine Le Pen








According to Fox News and the Associated Press, Syrian medical relief organization UOSSM reported least 100 people were killed and 400 more injured. Some other estimates put the death toll as low as 57. The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights added that at least 11 children were among the dead.The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons is reportedly investigating the incident.The UK Independent reports that an AFP journalist saw rubble crashing down on the medical staff treating patients at one hospital, while as-yet-unverified footage showed an explosion striking a hospital while a reporter was interviewing doctors on-camera.“The Syrian Civil Defence rescue group said two of its centres were targeted by air strikes – one in Khan Sheikhoun and one in nearby Habit. The group said none of its volunteers were injured but the damage put the facilities out of service,” the Independent writes. Khan Sheikhoun is about 30 miles south of the city of Idlib.The BBC interviewed a reporter and ambulance driver who observed people choking in the streets after the chemical weapon strikes. The relief service this ambulance driver works for published photographs depicting “what appeared to be at least seven dead children in the back of a pick-up truck,” with no sign of traumatic injuries on their bodies.One AFP journalist reported seeing “a young girl, a woman and two elderly people dead at a hospital, all with foam still visible around their mouths.” The facility where this gruesome tableau was observed was subsequently hit by a rocket strike, burying doctors under rubble.A Syrian medical activist reported at least 18 “critical cases” of unconscious people bleeding from the nose and mouth to the Associated Press. Another eyewitness, a photographer for the Idlib Media Center, said he found “entire families inside their homes, lying on the floor, eyes wide open and unable to move.” He reported feeling a burning sensation after he touched their clothing.The BBC notes these symptoms are consistent with the use of sarin gas, which causes death by asphyxiation within a matter of minutes, and is very difficult to detect. The Syrian government has allegedly used sarin gas on previous occasions. The regime of dictator Bashar Assad denied using the gas and blamed rebel fighters for deploying it.CBS News reports the Syrian and Russian governments “flatly denied any responsibility” for the attack. The Russian defense Ministry denied conducting any airstrikes on the Khan Sheikhoun area, while Syrian officials “repeated blanket denials of ever having used chemical weapons,” and in fact denied targeting anyone except “terrorists” at all.CBS posted Tweets from a man identifying himself as a British-trained physician performing volunteer work in northern Syria, claiming he found evidence of a Sarin gas attack:Do u still doubt that #Sarin is being used on us? Non-reactive pinpoint pupils! We have samples. Will anyone care!? Who will stop it?#Syria pic.twitter.com/WmhDZgLVA6— Dr Shajul Islam (@DrShajulIslam) April 4, 2017Several British analysts and officials also told CBS they believed a nerve agent was deployed in the attack, while the British government formally stated that photos from Khan Sheikhoun “strongly suggest the use of chemical weapons.” One analyst said the symptoms resembled the notorious Ghouta attack of 2013 that crossed President Barack Obama’s rhetorical “red line” against WMD. The upshot of that epic Obama administration debacle was Syria supposedly destroying its chemical weapons stockpile under the watchful eye of Russia.British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson declared himself “horrified” and said the attack “bears all the hallmarks” of the Syrian government. He stated the British government will “continue to lead international efforts to hold perpetrators to account.”Britain and France have called for an emergency meeting of the U.N. Security Council to discuss the attack, and urged Russia and China not to block international action against the responsible parties.Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu quickly weighed in on the attack. He said the “shocking pictures” from Idlib should “shake every human being.”“Israel strongly condemns the use of chemical weapons in any situation, especially against innocent civilians. Israel calls on the international community to fulfill promises made in 2013, and to remove chemical weapons from Syria,” Netanyahu said.The Jerusalem Post quotes former Israeli military intelligence chief Amos Yadlin calling upon Israel to “establish a more active policy against the negative developments” and make Assad “pay for his war crimes.” He complained of the void in global authority left by Obama’s “red line” collapse, and said the void was filled by “Russia, the Islamic State, and Hezbollah.”“Today’s chemical attack in Syria against innocent people including women and children is reprehensible and cannot be ignored by the civilized world. These heinous actions by the Bashar al-Assad regime are a consequence of the past administration’s weakness and irresolution,” said White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday.“President Obama said in 2012 he would establish a red line against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing. The United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this intolerable act,” Spicer continued.Breitbart Jerusalem, Middle East, National Security, barack obama, bashar assad, Benjamin Netanyahu, Boris Johnson, chemical weapons, Donald Trump, Idlib province, John McCain, Russia, Sarin gas, Syria, u.n. security council, United Nations, weapons of mass destruction








According to reports, the police arrived to arrest the individual after he’d attempted to set fire to migrant accommodation. The footage shows a young male asylum seeker in Fagersjö, south of Stockholm, walking up to a  car and proceeding to smash the windows of the vehicle.After walking away, he smashes the back window of another car, a white Volvo, parked nearby. Still carrying a large piece of metal, the asylum seeker approached a police car containing three female officers and attacked them.After attacking one of the officers with the piece of metal, the asylum seeker was quickly detained by another male asylum seeker who wrestles him to the ground and allowed the officers to attempt to place handcuffs on him. Despite three of the female officers trying to subdue the asylum seeker with pepper spray, they had difficulty getting him into their car.The asylum seeker was able to break free of all three female officers and proceeded to fight with them punching a blonde officer to the ground. After the altercation, the asylum seeker walked away as those filming, likely also asylum seekers, laughed at the Swedish police.According to Swedish website Friatider, the asylum seeker was apprehended after the video ends but not before attempting to set several fires in the asylum home. They say the video was shot two weeks ago on 20 March but not published until Sunday afternoon.Since the 1990s, the Swedish police have maintained a gender-equality policy and has invested time and money into recruiting more women into the service.Feminism is popular in Sweden but recent incidents have called into question the various political policies based on feminist ideology. Last year, one such policy caused chaos on the streets of Stockholm when the city decided to plough pedestrian areas rather than main roads because women are said to walk more to work than men.The heavily migrant-populated suburbs have also been a test for feminists in Sweden, some of whom are now moving away because Islamic fundamentalists do not tolerate their presence in the areas. Zeliha Dagli, a former Left Party politician, formerly lived in the no-go Stockholm suburb of Husby, but because of harassment and fear for her safety, she decided to move to the more liberal centre of the Swedish capital.“There were rumours that we wanted to take away women’s veils,” Dagli said. “They said that I should keep myself, and then I did not feel so safe anymore.” Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart.comBreitbart London, Immigration, asylum seekers, feminism, Sweden, Swedish police








The government will now know exactly who is attending services and with what regularity, as well as being able to monitor everything that is said from the pulpit.The Zhejiang government issued the order to install surveillance cameras in the churches in Wenzhou at the end of last year and began carrying out the edict in January. Although the communist government alleges that the video cameras are being installed for “anti-terrorism and security purposes,” in point of fact, China has not experienced any threat of terrorist activity from its Christian communities.According to the U.S.-based human rights group China Aid, churches were instructed to install cameras at gates, rostrums, offering boxes and other places. If the churches refuse to comply, government officials will forcibly set up the devices.“Government officials came to the churches and put up cameras by force. Some pastors and worshippers who didn’t agree to the move were dragged away,” one Christian from Wenzhou reported. “Some people needed to be treated in hospital after fighting the officials.”China Aid reported that in late March, “hundreds of police officers” converged on Changlin Church in Wenzhou to set up video monitoring equipment, and beat the Christians who tried to put up opposition. Officials also vandalized the church, demolishing its reception desk and other parts of the building, including the church’s gate.An official notice declaring that all churches would have to install the cameras was circulated among church members at the end of last year, according to reports.Wenzhou has the highest concentration of Christians on the mainland, with a Christian community numbering roughly one million people out of a total population of 8 million.Christians have protested the ruling, saying that it infringes their right to privacy as well as their freedom of worship.“I don’t support the government’s decision and I hope they will not put monitoring equipment inside our church,” one local churchgoer said. “We Christians do good deeds and we don’t do anything to endanger the public. I don’t understand why the government wants to monitor us,” he said.“The government’s pressure on us will not deter us from our beliefs and will not affect the ­proliferation of our religion,” he added. “The tougher the persecution, the more people will be encouraged to follow the religion.”Pastor Yan Xiaojie, a missionary in the city, said the new cameras reminded him of the “cross demolitions” which began in 2014. The new ruling comes just three years after the start of an intensive campaign to remove crosses from the roofs of houses of worship.The Zhejiang government announced that in installing the new cameras officials would take into account whether or not a given church had previously resisted cross demolitions and would send more agents to the site if it had.As part of its cross-removal campaign, government officials forcibly eliminated or destroyed more than 2,000 crosses from Christian churches in Wenzhou between 2014 and 2016.Just last year, authorities continued demolishing church crosses and beating protesters bloody. Government officials came out in large numbers to put down protesters of the program, armed with riot gear and prepared to use force.Ever since Xi Jinping took power as Chinese Communist Party General Secretary in 2012, the Party has tightened restrictions on religious practice. Since then, more and more believers are opting out of official, state-sanctioned religious organizations and moving their faith underground.Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsromeBreitbart London, Faith, National Security, China, Christian persecution, Christianity, President Xi Jinping, Wenzhou








April 3 (UPI) — Christian churchgoers in China were recently wounded after fighting with officials enforcing new regulations: the installation of surveillance cameras inside churches.The ordinance to place closed-circuit television cameras in Protestant and Roman Catholic churches was issued in late 2016 by authorities in Zhejiang Province, South China Morning Post reported Monday.The law comes two years after Chinese authorities ordered churches in the coastal province to remove conspicuous neon crosses from buildings, a movement that began in 2014, according to the report.The Christian population in provinces like Zhejiang is growing, now numbering 1 million. In 2015, a conservative estimate placed the total number of Christians in China at 23 million.In the city of Wenzhou, Christians vehemently opposed to camera surveillance clashed with authorities.“Government officials came to the churches and put up cameras by force. Some pastors and worshipers who didn’t agree to the move were dragged away,” one unidentified Christian in Wenzhou said, referring to a recent clash. “Some people needed to be treated in a hospital after fighting the officials.”The price of resistance is high.Huang Yizi, a pastor who was jailed in 2015 for standing up against the removal of crosses, said he is now being closely watched after telling foreign reporters of the camera installations in March.According to China Aid, a U.S.-based religious rights group, churches were required to place cameras at church gates, rostrums and offering boxes.Worshipers in China are confused about the policy.“We Christians do good deeds and we don’t do anything to endanger the public. I don’t understand why the government wants to monitor us,” one churchgoer said.








On his weekly television program Sunday, Maduro told the story of an alleged environmental fraud involving a hippopotamus in El Salvador and compared the incident to the story of Ruperta, the only African elephant in Venezuela.Ruperta, who lives at the Caricuao Zoo in Caracas, is reportedly suffering from severe malnutrition, and photos of the emaciated elephant began to circulate on social media after a local journalist began disseminating them.“Two weeks ago they began to discuss the beloved elephant Ruperta,” Maduro said on his program. “She is at an advanced age. They wrote a whole novel, a show and on social media groups begin to say bad things to demoralize the people and children with this.”“They put those messages out on Sunday evenings and at night to ruin your week, but citizens need to know how to confront this war to drive young people crazy, crazy with hate,” Maduro concluded.Maduro accused the media – without specifying whom it is that is attempting to demoralize the country – of “affecting the psyche” of Venezuelans by exposing the starving animal to the world.Ruperta is either 45 or 46 years old, according to various reports. The average African elephant lives between 65-70 years in captivity, making Ruperta of middle, but not “advanced,” age.Maduro has previously dismissed the growing food crisis in Venezuela, which inches every day closer to famine, on his television program in the past. In September, Maduro joked about the food crisis’s nickname among Venezuelans: the “Maduro diet.”“Maduro’s diet gets you hard – no need for Viagra!” Maduro said on national television, complimenting a soldier for appearing thin.A poll released in February found that three of four Venezuelan lost nearly 20 pounds in 2016. Over 90 percent of Venezuelans cannot secure three meals a day for themselves, and an estimated 15 percent of Venezuelans rely on scavenging through commercial garbage for food.The animals at Caricuao have not been immune to the food crisis, with Ruperta its most famous animal victim.Ruperta, la elefante desnutrida símbolo de la crisis alimentaria en Venezuela https://t.co/2Uwln6fi1t pic.twitter.com/KO5Xd6Ue1y— Publimetro (@PublimetroChile) April 3, 2017Ruperta, la elefante del Zoológico de Caricuao, fue asistida por desnutrición https://t.co/sKgDmancGz pic.twitter.com/Nnm8qJrlgj— NTN24 Venezuela (@NTN24ve) March 26, 2017Officials at the zoo have denied that Ruperta is emaciated, instead claiming that she has been suffering dehydration and diarrhea after eating too much squash and have ceded the elephant has lost a significant percentage of her weight. The squash itself, however, was provided as alternative nutrition in light of the growing food crisis in the country.“We have enough food and the animals at Caricuao are well-fed,” chief zookeeper Erick Lenarduzzi told reporters.The reporter who broke the story, Román Camacho, refuted the official zoo version of events, telling the Miami Herald that a zookeeper at Caricuao alerted him to the deteriorating state of the elephant and stated malnutrition was to blame.The Venezuelan newspaper El Nacional reported last week that, despite the dire food situation in the country, the zoo’s neighbors organized a food collection for Ruperta, collecting food fit for elephant consumption: carrots, oranges, pineapples, and chard, among other local vegetables. Denying that she was suffering from malnutrition, zoo officials rejected the food donations.According to El Nacional, Ruperta is not alone. A puma resident of the zoo died in February after zookeepers reportedly used expired anesthetic medications to subdue the animal. A month earlier, officials reportedly removed the zoo’s jaguar from display due to apparent signs of malnutrition.Economics, Environment, National Security, Animal Abuse, Animal Rights, elephant, Environment, Latin America, Nicolas Maduro, socialism, Venezuela, Venezuela food crisis, Zoo








Mrs. May criticised the National Trust, a major charity that preserves many of Britain’s historic sites, saying she did not know “what they are thinking”.The Trust holds an Easter egg hunt that sees thousands of children search for chocolate eggs at many of its properties each year. However, this year it has been rebranded to remove any reference to the Christian feast.Chocolate firm Cadbury, which sponsors the event, said they removed it to appeal to non-Christians. “We invite people from all faiths and none to enjoy our seasonal treats,” they said.However, speaking in the Saudi capital Riyadh, the Prime Minister told ITV News: “I’m not just a vicar’s daughter – I’m a member of the National Trust as well. I think the stance they’ve taken is absolutely ridiculous and I don’t know what they’re thinking about.“Easter’s very important. It’s important to me, it’s a very important festival for the Christian faith for millions across the world.“So I think what the National Trust is doing is frankly just ridiculous.”The Archbishop of York also hit out at Cadbury, accusing the company of “spitting on the grave” of its Quaker founder.“If people visited Birmingham today in the Cadbury World they will discover how [John] Cadbury’s Christian faith influenced his industrial output,” he said.“He built houses for all his workers, he built a church, he made provision for schools etc.  It is obvious that for him Jesus and justice were two sides of the one coin.“To drop Easter from Cadbury’s Easter Egg Hunt in my book is tantamount to spitting on the grave of Cadbury.”There are increasing instances of Christianity being airbrushed from British public life as ignorance of the country’s traditional faith grows.In 2014, Oxford City Council refused to give permission for a “Passion play” – a re-enactment of the trial and crucifixion of Christ – to take place in the city’s streets because an official thought the word “passion” meant it was a sex show.Oxford City Councillor Dick Wolff, who is also a United Reformed Church pastor, said: “Unfortunately, one of the city council’s licensing officers didn’t recognise that a Passion play on Good Friday was a religious event.”“I think he thought it was a sex show, so he said it may be committing an offence.”Breitbart London, Faith, Easter, Theresa May








The event, “Ayaan Hirsi Ali: Hero of Heresy”, was billed as an opportunity to “step inside the controversy” surrounding Islam and women’s place within the religion.While she refused to further elaborate on the reasons for the abrupt cancellation of a tour that was to take in Australian and New Zealand audiences, Ms. Hirsi Ali told the Seven Network in Australia she wishes to “defy” her opponents and “come and expose them for what they are.”“These are people who are far more interested in defending sharia Law, that’s Islamic law, and the doctrine of radical Islam, over human rights,” she said of her opponents, which included a group in the state of Victoria called Against Islamophobia who reportedly called venues at which she was booked to speak and threatened mass protests.The U.S.-based, Somali-born activist has long argued that too many Westerners, especially liberals, can’t bring themselves to offend Muslims and thus avoid making necessary criticisms of Islamic doctrine.She believes her trip to Australia was eventually made impossible because of a lack of support from those same liberals and cited a group of Australian Muslim women who accused her of being a “star” of Islamophobia and stirring hate mongering and bigotryJust 400 people signed an online petition against Ms. Hirsi Ali’s speaking tour but it was enough, when combined with threats of protest, to sway organisers against going ahead.“Against a backdrop of increasing global Islamophobia, Hirsi-Ali’s divisive rhetoric simply serves to increase hostility and hatred towards Muslims,” the petition, posted on Change.org, said.“Today you have this horrible alliance between the far left and the Islamists and they’re using the modern media tool to shut people like me out by smearing us,” Ms. Hirsi Ali told AAP in response to the petition’s wording, before denying she is a critic of all forms of immigration.“It’s the assumption that all immigrants are bad and all Muslims are bad, I don’t hold that view,” Ms. Hirsi Ali said. “But the burqa that covers the face, and that is really very much in your face, that kind of thing is just like the ISIS flag, it’s like wearing a very big swastika.”In a paper written for the Hoover Institute at Stanford University last month, Ms. Hirsi Ali argues the public needs to be better educated about the political ideology of Islamists and the ways they recruit and finance their operations so they can reach their ultimate goal of imposing sharia law. Breitbart Jerusalem, Breitbart London, National Security, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, free speech, human rights, Islamic doctrine, radical islam, Sharia Law








The Central Council of Jews in Germany are demanding answers from school administrators in Berlin regarding the case of a 14-year-old Jewish boy who was severely bullied by Muslim students. President of the council Josef Schuster said: “If the reports are correct, this is a shattering event.”He added the administration should assess what went wrong for the bullying to happen in the first place, Die Welt reports.The parents of the victim say the school’s headmaster did not react fast enough to stop the assaults which were perpetrated by Turkish and Arab students. The attacks occurred at the Friedenauer Gemeinschafts school where an estimated 75 per cent of the students speak German as a second language.The school has since posted an open letter on their website expressing “regret and horror” over the attack. They say it is the first time the school has had to deal with anti-Semitism and spoke of their commitment to anti-racism.School administrators added the school is looking to transfer the Muslim students involved to another school and claimed to have invited the grandparents of the victim, both Holocaust survivors, to talk to the bullies.Former president of the Jewish Council, Charlotte Knobloch, said the incident is not an isolated one. According to Knobloch, more and more students are marginalised and attacked “because they are Jews”.Aaron Eckstaedt, director of the Jewish Berlin Moses Mendelsson senior school, said he sees at least six to ten students per year who have transferred from other schools due to abuse from Muslim students.Anti-Semitism is on the rise in Germany, according to a report from the German Ministry of Justice who said last year that anti-Semitic incidents had gone up 300 per cent in 2015.One incident that was not labelled anti-Semitic was the firebombing of a synagogue by three Muslim men in 2014. According to a German court, the firebombing was a legitimate act of criticism against the government of Israel.Anti-Semitism in France has reached even higher proportions with Jews fleeing French suburbs following attacks and threats from Muslim residents. In 2015, thousands of French Jews left France entirely and moved to Israel because of harassment. Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart.comBreitbart Jerusalem, Breitbart London, Immigration, anti-semitic attacks, Germany, Germany Migrants, Islamic anti-semitism








Although most dictionaries define “mankind” as “the human race,” which is gender inclusive, Northern Arizona University Professor Anne Scott is sending a message to a student who dared to use the word that Scott believes is “sexist,” in a recent essay.“I would be negligent, as a professor who is running a class about the human condition and the assumptions we make about being ‘human,’ if I did not also raise this issue of gendered language and ask my students to respect the need for gender-neutral language,” Scott wrote in an email to the student about her grade. “The words we use matter very much, or else teachers would not be making an issue of this at all, and the MLA would not be making recommendations for gender-neutral language at the national level.”Scott specifically cites the use of “mankind” as the reason why the student lost one point out of 50 on a recent English essay in her “Critical Reading and Writing in the University Community” course.The student, Caitlin Jeffers, claims that Professor Scott instructed students to avoid using gender-specific language at the beginning of the semester. Jeffers claim that she wished to test the policy to see if Scott would actually lower her grade on an assignment due to the use of gender-specific language.After receiving her grade on the essay, Jeffers said she requested a meeting with Scott to address her decision to police the language of her students.“She told me that ‘mankind’ does not refer to all people, only males. I refuted, stating that it does refer to all people, [but] she proceeded to tell me that I was wrong; ‘mankind’ is sexist, and I should make an effort to look beyond my preset positions and ideologies, as is the focus of the class,” Jeffers claimed.Scott offered Jeffers the opportunity to rework the essay to increase her grade, noting that she must remove the word “mankind” to do so.“I will respect your choice to leave your diction choices ‘as is’ and to make whatever political and linguistic statement you want to make by doing so,” the professor wrote. “By the same token, I will still need to subtract a point because your choice will not be made in the letter or spirit of this particular class, which is all about having you and other students looking beneath your assumptions and understanding that ‘mankind’ does not mean ‘all people’ to all people. It positively does not.”Scott reportedly also sent an email to the class that she will continue to dock points from students’ work when it uses gender-specific language.Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about education and social justice for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.comEducation, Social Justice, Tech








The campaign, which launches on Tuesday, also claims on their site that “Black and Hispanic women are paid even less” before offering women 20% off discounts for a range of services in protest.Several companies have partnered with the campaign, including the popular ride-sharing app Lyft, which will donate 20% of revenue to “organizations that serve women and families” on April 4.“At Lyft, we celebrate a diverse and inclusive culture, and we participate to make change happen — whether that’s at work or in the car,” the company wrote in a post on their website. “That’s why we’re teaming up with LeanIn.Org on their #20PercentCounts campaign and donating 20% of proceeds from rides taken between 8 AM and 6 PM on April 4 to organizations that serve women and families, including Dress for Success®, Feeding America, Boys & Girls Clubs of America, and AAUW.”P&G, whose brands include Gillette, Pantene, Always, and Secret, will also be offering a rebate on their products.“Women on average are paid 20% less than men — and when you look at the data by race and ethnicity, it is even worse: black women are paid 37% less, and Hispanic women are paid 46% less,” claim P&G on their website. “To raise awareness about the gender pay gap, P&G is offering a 20% rebate via pre-paid card on $50 worth of P&G products.”“P&G believes in equal pay for women. Through our brands, and as a company, we aspire to help build a world free from gender bias,” they continued. “We’re proud to support this campaign to raise awareness of the pay gap with LeanIn.Org.”Despite the campaign’s claims that women are routinely paid less than men, it is against the law for employers to discriminate based on sex and has been since 1963.Claims that women are paid less than men have frequently been dismissed by economic experts, journalists, and scholars.LeanIn.org currently have a full list of companies around the United States that are offering special offers for women as part of the campaign.Economics, Social Justice, Tech, facebook, LeanIn.org, Lyft, P&G, Sheryl Sandberg, Wage Gap








More specifically, the trio was charged with “insulting the Prophet” and “insulting the Supreme Leader of Iran” with text messages, per the UK Daily Mail. Evidently, insulting the Supreme Leader only gets you 16 months in jail but insulting Mohammed is a capital offense. The Center for Human Rights in Iran notes that if a person accused of insulting Mohammed claims his words were due to “anger” or a “mistake,” the court can reduce the sentence to 74 lashes instead of death.Dehghan was sentenced to death, even though the CHRI says he was told he would receive a pardon if he confessed to his “crimes” and repented of his actions. The Center notes he only had four days remaining in his military service at the time of his arrest.A source told the CHRI:Security and judicial authorities promised Sina’s family that if they didn’t make any noise about his case, he would have a better chance of being freed, and that talking about it to the media would work against him. Unfortunately, the family believed those words and stopped sharing information about his case and discouraged others from sharing it as well.One of his co-defendants was given a seven-year prison sentence reduced to three years on appeal, while the other, Mohammad Nouri, has also been sentenced to death.According to the UK Independent, the exact content of the messages sent by the three defendants on the Line messaging application has not been made public.Dehghan has been held in the notorious Arak prison where a source told the CHRI he is “suffering from depression and often cries.” The source also said Dehghan is “held in a ward with drug convicts and murderers who broke his jaw a while ago.”He is running out of options to escape the death sentence, which was upheld by the Iranian Supreme Court in January. In an interview on March 28th, Dehghan’s lawyer said a request for judicial review of his sentence has been filed.“According to Sina’s lawyer, steps have been taken for a judicial review, and with the good news we’re hearing from him, God willing this case will come to end positively as soon as possible,” said Dehghan’s mother.However, another human-rights organization called Article 19 has complained Dehghan’s court-appointed lawyer “failed to adequately defend him” at trial.Article 19 said the case demonstrates how Iranians are “at the mercy of a system where forced confessions, false promises, and threats to family members undermine not only national judicial processes but the international standards Iran has signed up to.”Faith, Middle East, National Security, blasphemy laws, Execution, Iran, Iranian Supreme Leader, Islam








According to ESPN’s Adam Schefter, Romo plans to trade in the pigskin for a microphone:Tony Romo is leaving football and going into broadcasting, even with Dallas planning to release him today, sources tell @toddarcher and me.— Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) April 4, 2017Soon after Schefter’s initial report, Schefter tweeted that the rumored hiring of Romo as color analyst at CBS had become official:Tony Romo is going to CBS, as @Ourand_SBJ reported. Will be CBS’ No. 1 color analyst, matched with Jim Nantz.— Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) April 4, 2017The move will result in Romo replacing longtime color analyst Phil Simms on CBS’s lead broadcast team, meaning that Romo will get paired with Jim Nantz. Fox and NBC had also reportedly approached Romo about joining their broadcast teams.Those broadcasting opportunities, coupled with concern over his health and what became an extremely difficult trade market in which teams like the Texans and Broncos refused to surrender draft picks, no doubt pushed Romo towards pursuing a career in the booth.However, even all those factors don’t mean Romo will never play again.While Romo obviously had difficulty finding another team to go to via trade, by leaving the field altogether, in a sense he’s become the ultimate hired-gun free agent. Meaning, that when a team in playoff contention loses a starting quarterback late in the year, Tony Romo will almost automatically become the first call when looking for a replacement.For now, though, Tony Romo will learn broadcasting and replace Phil Simms as the color analyst on CBS’s lead broadcast team. We now go to a live shot of the average American sports fan, as he reflects on the possibility of a future without Phil Simms in the booth:Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinnBreitbart Sports, Dallas Cowboys, Tony Romo








In a survey of 1,363 current and former ESPN viewers, taken between March 7 and March 14, sports media analyst Jason Barrett asked for perspectives on the network’s political slant, in addition to thoughts on ESPN’s current programming and how those views have changed over time.The results go a long way towards explaining why the network is folding faster than a prefab in a Category-5 hurricane.When asked, “How would you describe ESPN’s political influence on its programs?” a whopping 60.8% of respondents referred to the network’s political influence as “left leaning.” Only 3% characterized the influence as “right leaning.”When asked, “How do you feel about the current state of ESPN’s TV programs?” an incredible 97.2% of people said that they feel less enthusiastic about it, with a solid majority of 69.9% saying that they either “hate” the TV lineup and don’t watch anymore, or consider it “weak” and have lost interest.In a part of the survey which sheds light on ESPN’s decision to layoff nearly 50 on-air personalities, respondents were asked which area of ESPN’s programming they valued the least. A full 63. 1% said they valued the debate shows least. Another 17.5% said they valued SportsCenter the least. That’s a combined 80.6% devaluing the two areas where nearly all of ESPN’s on-air talent spends their time. Not coincidentally, SportsCenter and the debate shows are also the two areas rumored to get hardest hit by ESPN’s impending layoffs.Barrett concludes his survey results by saying, “Survey members who say they’re investing less time in the network’s programming attribute it to a Decrease In Content Quality and Talent, Better Choices Available via TV-Digital-Social, and Too Much Focus on Hot Take Shows with a Left Leaning Agenda and Less on Making Sports Fun and Neutral. Deflategate was another specific subject which turned off many fans.”In his article on the results of Barrett’s survey, Alex Putterman of Awful Announcing absurdly claims that those who believe ESPN has become too liberal believe so, in part, because ESPN has allowed black people and women to speak their minds:A lot of the “ESPN is too liberal” sentiment surely has to do with which voices the network chooses to amplify. ESPN has clearly made an effort in recent years to let women and people of color share their opinions outside of the Xs and Os studio show format. After years of ESPN personalities defending management and espousing personal responsibility (which are conservative perspectives, whether you think of them that way or not), the network is giving the Bomani Jones and Jemele Hills of the world a bigger platform, and not everyone is thrilled.Whether intentional or not, this dismissive slight has the effect of smearing those who believe ESPN has become too liberal by labeling them as racists. If Bomani Jones and Jemele Hill were the only openly liberal agitators at ESPN, minority or otherwise, there’s no way you would get a poll with nearly 61% of people characterizing the network as too “left leaning.”It also ignores the fact that when many conservatives mention sports media types with a strong liberal bias, the names that normally come up include personalities like Bob Costas (not black) and, when he was in sports, Keith Olbermann (still not black).Nor did people just begin viewing ESPN as “too liberal” in relatively recent years, after the network began featuring more outspoken female and minority voices. In truth, many conservatives have long since felt abandoned by ESPN.On the contrary, the bias at ESPN is organizational, systemic, and not based on individual personalities at all.This is the same network that allowed the ESPYs to turn into an anti-Second Amendment infomercial, allowed their social media sites to be used as a platform for leftist activists at the Women’s March, declined to fire Tony Kornheiser for likening House Republicans to ISIS while at the same time firing Curt Schilling for a common sense message shared on Facebook, and forced Rush Limbaugh to resign for saying something about Donovan McNabb which even liberals acknowledged to be true.There is a systemic bias here that runs a lot deeper and a lot higher up the food chain than Jemele Hill and Bomani Jones. So, it shouldn’t surprise anyone that the leftist sports media would respond to the charge of liberal bias by calling people racists.It’s pretty much all they do.Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinnBreitbart Sports, ESPN








Alex Ovechkin and other players aren’t so sure the NHL’s decision to skip the Winter Olympics in South Korea next year is final.The Washington Capitals superstar on Tuesday reiterated his intention to represent Russia next February, calling the league’s decision a “bluff.” Montreal Canadiens goaltender Carey Price, who won gold with Canada in Sochi in 2014, wondered if the announcement was part of the league’s negotiating “tactics.” Matt Duchene of the Colorado Avalanche suggested it could simply be “posturing.”The NHL insisted Monday that the matter is “officially closed” as it slammed the door on the Olympics for the first time since 1994. But a host of questions remain, from how national teams will fill their rosters to just how the league will deal with players like Ovechkin who plan to go anyway. Most players know nothing of the days when the NHL wasn’t part of the Games, so the news that they won’t get that chance in Pyeongchang didn’t sit well at rinks around North America.Swedish forward Filip Forsberg of the Nashville Predators called it a “terrible decision” that he hopes changes. Pittsburgh star Sidney Crosby echoed Mike Babcock, his coach for consecutive Olympic gold medals with Team Canada, by calling it disappointing.“When you begin negotiations and things like that, I really thought something was going to be able to get worked out and unfortunately that’s not the case,” Crosby said. “From what I heard it was kind (of) typical negotiations, then it kind of came out of nowhere (Monday) with the announcement.”Crosby said there’s “always that possibility” that the door remains open for a deal to get worked out. Statements by the NHL Players’ Association, International Ice Hockey Federation and International Olympic Committee made no references to continued negotiations, however, and the NHL said previous talks had gone nowhere on issues believed to include better marketing tied to the Olympics — something the IOC allows only for top top-tier sponsors.The quality of competition certainly will suffer next winter, but just what NHL players can do about it isn’t clear.“I’m curious if some of these guys are going to go,” 1980 gold-medal-winning U.S. captain Mike Eruzione said. “Ovechkin says he’s going. Will Patrick Kane say he’s going? Will Sidney say he’s going? Will Connor McDavid, Jack Eichel — some of these great young players that play now — are they going to say, ‘The (heck) with you, I’m going?’ That’s going to be really interesting.”American winger Zach Parise of the Minnesota Wild predicts a lot of controversy if players go to South Korea anyway against the NHL’s wishes and possibly those of their owners. Czech winger Jakub Voracek of the Philadelphia Flyers called it a no-win situation because players will either be abandoning their NHL teams or unable to help their national teams.The NHL hasn’t yet decided whether to allow individual teams to let players go on a case-by-case basis. Capitals owner Ted Leonsis said in February he expects to be punished if he allows Ovechkin and other players go but would be fine with that. Crosby said he hasn’t yet thought about whether he’d go to the Olympics anyway.Swedish winger Gabriel Landeskog of the Colorado Avalanche said Tuesday he’d consider pulling an Ovechkin and going but doesn’t expect this to be the end of debate.Hockey Canada and USA Hockey get millions each year from the NHL, making it difficult to imagine many North American players under contract in the league would be allowed on those rosters.There’s nothing in the collective bargaining agreement guaranteeing Olympic participation, though that could change if owners or players opt out at their next opportunity in September 2019. For now there’s nothing in the CBA barring players from leaving their teams — potentially on unpaid suspensions — to go, so Ovechkin isn’t budging.“Somebody going to tell me, like, don’t go, I don’t care — I just go,” he said.___AP Sports Writers Will Graves in Pittsburgh, Teresa M. Walker in Nashville, Tennessee, Dave Campbell in St. Paul, Minnesota, and Pat Graham in Denver contributed.___Follow AP Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno








The feelings of betrayal come just days after the announcement of Obama-hire Kevin McAleenan as the next Commissioner of CBP. While the organization that represents the agents, the National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) has not spoken about the nomination, Darby spoke about how the line agents feel let down. His comments were made on the Texas radio show The Pursuit of Happiness.Listen to “BRANDON DARBY ON KEVIN MCALEENAN” on Spreaker.“I know that Trump has promised to get the National Border Patrol Council and agents a large voice in what happens on the border,” Darby said. “ Last Friday he picked Kevin McAleenan, he nominated him to be the Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection, the parent agency of Border Patrol.” During the show, Darby spoke on how McAleenan is not only a holdover from the Obama administration, but a key player during the previous administration’s push for a less secure border.“He nominated this guy .. the problem is that this guy was hired by Barack Obama and was made deputy of [CBP] and all of the things we fought against on the border happened under this guy’s watch and he would have been the one responsible for implementing them. That’s DACA, DAPA and Catch and Release.” Darby said referring to some of the controversial programs started under the Obama administration.Despite being an Obama holdover, McAleenan’s role appears to have been key in the implementation of those controversial programs, Darby said. “This is the guy who was picked by Barack Obama to enact Barack Obama’s open border policies.” he said.“This guy for some reason has been picked by Trump to be the boss of the border patrol agents who did so much and believed so much in Donald Trump.”While the NBPC has not released any statements on the matter or had its members publicly discuss the issue, Darby said he has spoken with numerous other agents who are not NBPC leaders and have been key to helping Breitbart readers understand the realities of the southern border.“Every single agent I have spoken with has been upset,” Breitbart Texas’ director said. “They tell me ‘We feel betrayed by the Trump Administration. We don’t understand how the Trump Administration could pick this person to be our boss after what we did.’ …I find it to be very concerning … I have not spoken to one who does not feel hurt, betrayed, let down about this.”As Breitbart Texas initially reported, during the 2016 Republican Presidential Primaries, the NBPC publicly endorsed Trump. However, according to Darby, the current U.S. Border Patrol Chief Ronald Vitiello had tried to keep agents from doing so.“When the NBPC was about to endorse Trump, Vitiello got on Twitter, he tweeted comparing Donald Trump to Dennis the Menace. I think it was an effort to get them not to support Trump.”While Vitiello has since received public support from the NBPC, tensions appear to remain as line agents or boots on the ground appear to feel left out of the table in dealing with key decisions as to securing the border. According to Darby, during the heavily contested presidential primary, the NBPC endorsing Trump brought key support to his camp.“I believe it was the Border Patrol agents who came out for him and put him over the edge to win the Republican nomination in the primary,” he said. “This is the first time they have endorsed a presidential candidate much less a candidate in the primary, These guys go all our for him and then for some reason he [Trump] puts someone who seemingly helped Obama try to destroy them and to open the border.”Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon. You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.(Disclosure: Breitbart Texas sponsored the Green Line podcast for the NBPC in an effort to provide a platform for agents to inform the public about the realities on the border and what Border Patrol agents face. Director Brandon Darby received an award from the Laredo chapter of the NBPC for his work in helping to defend and bring a voice to Border Patrol agents. Breitbart News assisted in covering funeral costs for a slain Border Patrol agent previously.)Big Government, Border, Breitbart Texas, Breitbart Texas, CBP Commissioner, Donald J. Trump, NBPC, Ronald Vitiello, U.S. Border Patrol








Gorsuch has written thousands of pages as a federal judge. Prior to that, with not only a law degree from Harvard but also a D.Phil. (the UK version of a Ph.D.) from Oxford, Gorsuch became a published academic scholar. On the eve of his confirmation to join the U.S. Supreme Court, his critics are accusing him of three instances of plagiarism.Allegations of plagiarism have come from both Buzzfeed and Politico.One person Gorsuch is accused of plagiarizing, Abigail Lawlis Kuzma, flatly refuted the attack. “I have reviewed both passages and do not see an issue here, even though the language is similar,” she began. “Given that these passages both describe the basic facts of the case, it would have been awkward and difficult for Judge Gorsuch to have used different language.”Emeritus Professor Jon Finnis of Oxford University agreed. Finnis supervised Gorsuch’s dissertation, which contains some of the allegedly plagiarized material. He responds, “None of the allegations has any substance or justification.” He adds, “Neil Gorsuch’s writing and citing was easily and well within the proper and accepted standards of scholarly research and writing in the field of study in which he and I work.”Professor Robert George of Princeton University was the general editor for Gorsuch’s publisher, the Princeton University Press. “I can only say that [these allegations’] timing and substance (or, more to the point, lack of substance) makes it difficult to avoid the conclusion that this is a politically motivated effort to smear him in the hope of derailing his confirmation,” George surmised.“Judge Gorsuch did not attempt to steal other people’s intellectual property … In no case did he seek credit for insights or analysis that had been purloined,” George continued. Noting that Gorsuch’s book went through a rigorous peer review process under the auspices of Princeton before being accepted for publication, George concluded, “Not only is there no fire, there isn’t even any smoke.”“This false attack has been strongly refuted by highly regarded academic experts, including those who reviewed, professionally examined, and edited Judge Gorsuch’s scholarly writings, and even the author of the main piece cited in the false attack,” said White House spokesman Steven Cheung. “There is only one explanation for this baseless, last-second smear of Judge Gorsuch: those desperate to justify the unprecedented filibuster of a well-qualified and mainstream nominee to the Supreme Court.”A final vote to confirm Gorsuch to the Supreme Court is expected Friday.Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.Big Government, harvard, Jon Finnis, Neil Gorsuch, Oxford, plagiarism, Princeton, Robert George, Supreme Court








Tuesday on Fox News Channel’s “The First 100 Days,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) told fill-in host Dana Perino that he backed the Senate Intelligence Committee conducting a query headed by Sens. Richard Burr (R-NC) and Mark Warner (D-VA) into former National Security Adviser Susan Rice’s handling of raw intelligence.Rice in recent days has been in the spotlight amid reports she ordered the unmasking of American citizens’ identities in surveillance collected while she was the NSA. McConnell said it was his hope the Senate Intelligence Committee could make findings and offer a report created on a bipartisan basis.“I have asked the Intelligence Committee, Sen. Burr, Sen. Warner, to conduct a bipartisan investigation of this whole episode,” McConnell said. “They will conduct it and hopefully, in the end, we will find out what happened, and they will issue a report, I hope on a bipartisan basis. Anything related to Susan Rice or any of these other suggestions will be handled by the Intelligence Committee, and we look forward to receiving their report about what happened.”Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poorBreitbart TV, Dana Perino, Fox News Channel, Mitch McConnell, senate intelligence committee, Susan Rice, The First 100 Days, unmaking, wiretapping








by AP5 Apr 20170WASHINGTON (AP) — Oregon Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley ends marathon Senate speech against Supreme Court nominee after more than 15 hours.








According to Lake, Rice did not respond to an email seeking comment on the story.The breaking news helps confirm some of President Trump’s accusations that senior Obama officials were involved in disseminating classified information about his transition team to the media, fueling new details about the congressional investigations into Russia’s meddling in the election.On Monday, Fox News senior correspondent Adam Housley said that the “unprecedented” unmasking took place at the direction of “very high-up” officials.“A lot of these men and women in the intelligence communities did not want to speak about what’s going on because they were concerned about those methods being known,” Housley reported. “But now, they figure they might as well at least clarify things since Nunes has been leaked to by someone they don’t know or at least they tell me they don’t know.”Susan Rice has not denied the allegations, saying only, “I know nothing about this” when asked about the reports last month on PBS.Big Government, Donald Trump, Eli Lake, Susan Rice








Alex covers breaking news on the national security shake-up at the White House.WATCH ON FACEBOOK
Tune in to the Alex Jones Show live from 11am-3pm Central at infowars.com/show.








President Donald Trump reorganized his National Security Council on Wednesday, removing his chief strategist, Stephen Bannon, and downgrading the role of his Homeland Security Adviser, Tom Bossert, according to a person familiar with the decision and a regulatory filing.National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster was given responsibility for setting the agenda for meetings of the NSC or the Homeland Security Council, and was authorized to delegate that authority to Bossert, at his discretion, according to the filing.Under the move, the national intelligence director, Dan Coats, and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford, are again “regular attendees” of the NSC’s principals committee.Read more








The White Helmets, an al-Qaeda affiliated group funded by George Soros and the British government, have reportedly staged another chemical weapon attack on civilians in the Syrian city of Khan Shaykhun to lay blame on the Syrian government. A day prior to the attack, Gulf-based Orient TV announced “Tomorrow we are launching a media campaign to cover the airstrikes on Hama country side including the usage of chemical warfare against civilians.” This shows clear foreknowledge that the rebels were going to stage an attack by Orient TV.
The White Helmets filmed much of the footage being released on the chemical attack. They have also been known to stage “rescue” videos in the past. However, this time it appears children were indeed killed in the making of this “media campaign.”Several children appear in the videos suffocating from an unknown chemical substance, while others appear to have unexplained head injuries. It is known 250 people were kidnapped by Al-Qaeda last week from the nearby city of Hama, which is the same number as the current body count of wounded and killed civilians.In another “coincidence,” a Pakistani British doctor who at the time of the attack was taking interview requests instead of helping the injured who were flooding in, and additionally received gas masks from a British organization three days prior to the attack.The doctor, Shajul Islam, is being used as a source by US and UK media, despite facing terror charges for kidnapping and torturing two British journalists in Syria and being struck off the medical register. The organization responsible for sending him equipment is under fire for using donations meant for refugees.In another suspicious event, the White Helmets operating in the same quarry near the attack received sarin-protective respirator suits one month before the attack, even though the Syrian government no longer possesses sarin.The al-Qaeda-linked rebels have claimed the chemical was sarin gas used by the Syrian government; however, the OPCW has confirmed Syria no longer has chemical weapons and completely dismantled their stockpiles in 2013.In contrast, the rebels have not gotten rid of the chemical weapons at their disposal.According award winning journalist Seymour Hersch, intelligence reports show the rebels smuggled in chemical weapons from Libya through Turkey with the approval of Hillary Clinton.In 2013, so-called moderate rebels had filmed themselves killing rabbits with gas and threatening to kill religious minorities. ISIS is also known to be in possession of chemical weapons having conducted attacks on Syrian forces in Deir Ezzor.However weaponized, sarin would have killed or at least injured unprotected first responders.  Sarin can be absorbed through skin and requires a full body suit; however, the White Helmets appeared to wear only masks and no gloves while they handled exposed victims. Others in the vicinity appear not to be wearing a mask at all and are yet unaffected.
Weaponized sarin is a Weapon of Mass Destruction (WMD) capable of killing thousands. If sarin was indeed used, it must have been a weak, non-weaponized form.Unsurprisingly, the mainstream media and neo-con politicians have been quick to regurgitate the al-Qaeda-linked rebels version of the events before any investigation takes place.Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu was quick to lay blame on the Syrian government, as did Amnesty International. France called for a security council meeting over the incident.Federica Mogherini, the Italian Representative of the European Union (EU), blamed Assad while UK’s Envoy to the United Nations, Matthew Rycroft, blamed both Russia and Syria.In response to the allegations, the Syrian Military and the Russian Ministry of Defense denied any involvement in the attack.NATO governments are unhappy with the Trump administration’s recent statements that they no longer see regime change in Syria as a priority. In response to this, British Prime Minister Theresa May made a statement that Britian was still fully committed to regime change in Syria. The UK and France may have seen a staged chemical attack as an opportunity to push Trump into war with Syria.The chemical attack came at the same time as another media attack was occurring against the Syrian government, which claimed that Syrian hospitals were in fact secret torture “slaughterhouses.”The last chemical attack false flag attack occurred in 2013, where the Syrian Army was accused of using the WMD on the same day the Syrian government had invited weapon inspectors into Damascus, which resulted in Syria giving up its chemical weapons.In the near future neocons may accuse Syria of failing to give up all chemical weapons, in spite of assurances by the OPCW. This is what happened to Iraq in 2003, which was invaded despite surrendering their chemical weapons in the 1990s.No one questions how the Syrian government could possible use a weapon it doesn’t have, nor what motive it could possibly possess.For the moment however, the narrative being pushed by neo-cons is “Trump should do what Obama failed to do, bomb Syria for al-Qaeda” and it seems that narrative is winning.








Senator Rand Paul says that former Obama official Susan Rice committed a “big crime” when she unmasked Trump team members and then lied about it on national television.Appearing on Fox News with Sean Hannity, Paul slammed Rice’s mealy mouthed answer to whether or not she would testify before a congressional inquiry about why she unmasked the identities of Trump campaign officials collected during intelligence intercepts.Rice first said she knew nothing about the unmasking of transition officials but later walked that back to claim she didn’t ask for the names to be revealed “for political purposes”.“The question I would ask Susan Rice if she came before Congress – ‘did you discuss with the president that you were unmasking Trump transition officials – in what world would it ever have been appropriate for White House staff, political staff, to be unmasking conversations – highly classified and private conversations with Trump, General Flynn and others?'” said Paul.“She needs to be made to answer for this, this is not a benign thing,” said Paul, adding that private conversations gathered as a result of intelligence intercepts were then leaked to the media.“This is a big crime and we need to get to the bottom of it,” said the Kentucky Senator.Hannity suggested that the “real intelligence gathering” was simply about “spying on Trump,” to which Paul responded that in no way would it be “Susan Rice’s job” to be handling intelligence information – that would fall to the FBI, the NSA or the CIA.The Senator went on to slam the pretext of allowing the government to spy on everyone’s conversations “because they disagree with us politically,” while also pointing out the danger of the executive branch eavesdropping on the legislative branch.SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanetFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71*********************Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.








Nigel Farage left EU parliamentarians whinging and clutching their pearls after flaming them in a hearing on Wednesday, charging that they are “behaving like the mafia” in his response to threats and unjust pressure being applied during Brexit negotiations.“You’ve shown yourselves, with these demands, to be vindictive, to be nasty – all I can say is, thank goodness we are leaving,” Farage said. “You’re behaving like the mafia.”“You think we’re a hostage – we’re not, we’re free to go.”Farage was immediately booed by the cabal of globalist thugs, and the President of the EU Parliament, Antonio Tajani, personally interjected to admonish Farage for his accusation.“You’re saying this Parliament is behaving like the mafia, and as far as I’m concerned, that’s unacceptable,” Tajani threatened, while his colleagues clapped.“I do understand, Mr. President, I do understand national sensitivies,” Farage replied, likely alluding to the fact that Tajani is Italian.“I’ll change it to ‘gangsters,'” he fired off, as the lion’s den erupted in boo’s.“What must be very difficult for you to all get into your minds is that there is a bigger world out there than the European Union,” Farage continued. “85% of the global economy is outside of the European Union.”“We don’t have to buy German motorcars; we don’t have to drink French wine; we don’t have to eat Belgian chocolate – there are a lot of other people who will give that to us.”Farage delivered his blistering address just feet away from Jean-Claude Juncker, President of the European Commission, who has demanded of his colleagues that they ensure Britain’s trade status is lower than that of EU member states after the UK officially disconnects.“A third country cannot have the same benefits as a member state,” Juncker said. “This parliament must and will ensure this reality is fully upheld over the course of the next two years.”This latest row in parliament comes just hours after a Spanish warship entered UK territorial waters off Gibraltar in a provocative move condemned by former British naval Chief, Admiral Lord West.“The danger is when you do this sort of things, something could escalate. There’s always a danger someone gets killed or something like that,” he said.Gibraltar has responded to the EU’s pettiness by saying the crumbling superstate is behaving like a “cuckolded husband who is taking it out on the children.”Dan Lyman: Facebook | Twitter








WASHINGTON, D.C. – The Soros-funded Fight for the Future (FFTF) is leading the charge to demonize President Trump over signing legislation to cancel the FCC’s Internet privacy rule. FFTF’s Campaign Director, Evan Greer, is an LGBT activist with an extensive radical past, including working to free a convicted terrorist before joining FFTF.“Fight for the Future is a non-profit organization founded in 2011 whose mission is to ensure that the web continues to hold freedom of expression and creativity at its core,” the group proclaims on its website. “We seek to expand the internet’s transformative power for good, to preserve and enhance its capacity to enrich and empower.”“We envision a world where everyone can access the internet affordably, free of interference or censorship and with full privacy.”How possibly could anyone disagree?The group’s history demonstrates that FFTF is arguably the most radical of the non-profits joining Google under the Orwellian guise of “Internet freedom” and “civil liberties” to achieve exactly the opposite – more government control of the Internet.Funded by Open Internet Defense Fund, a project of George Soros’ Media Democracy Fund, FFTF joins Google in the fight to preserve the Obama administration’s effort to have the FCC regulate the Internet under Title II “common carrier” rules that resulted both the net neutrality and Internet privacy rules the Trump administration is seeking to overturn.What FFTF seeks to hide by the group’s professed support for free expression is the group’s ideological ties to Internet giant Google and Google’s campaign to censor conservative websites including Infowars.com as “Fake News.”As Infowars.com has previously reported, Google’s interest in privacy rules for ISPs and broadband providers should be self-evident: The draconian privacy rules only apply to Google’s competitors in the broadband industry, leaving Google – arguably the world’s worst violator of online privacy – virtually unscathed.FFTF has supported the Obama administration’s push to have the FCC regulate the Internet under Title II of the Communications Act, in an effort to impose net neutrality rules designed to give the government a firm foothold in regulating the Internet, with Internet giants like Google calculating with the Obama administration to secure its Internet position of dominance.On the group’s website, FFTF brags that in 2012, “we organized the largest online protest in history, an Internet-wide strike against web censorship which defeated the SOPA and PIPA bills.”The Stop Online Privacy Act (SOPA) and Protect IP [Internet Privacy] Act, introduced into Congress in 2011 to prevent copyright infringement collapsed after 4.5 million people signed a Google on-line petition and some 7,000 Internet websites, including Wikipedia, conducted a 24-hour “blackout protest.”FFTF also bragged it organized a “Battle for the Net” campaign that drove “nearly four million people to contact the FCC resulting in the game-changing passage of net neutrality rules,” that the group described as a “First Amendment” for the Internet.In 2014, FFTF co-founder Holmes Wilson sent an email to FFTF subscribers urging support for President Obama’s statement on Nov. 10, 2014, calling for “the strongest possible rules to protect” the Internet, encouraging the FCC to adopt net neutrality to insure the future of an “open” Internet.Wilson’s emails made the following points:Our contribution to winning the White House was very significant. The White House has stalled on this issue for so long.We were in close contact with the White House, and it was pretty clear they were only going to move once they were sure it was something that would gain them broad public support and have minimal downside.Our coalition created the circumstances in which they could move. FFTF was a key part of that. From the “buffering” gag at the beginning to the emphasis on “cable companies” (not telcos [telecommunications companies], or ISPs) Obama’s video statement was built from our memes and framing.In the emails they sent to the Organizing For America list, they cribbed exact phrasing from FFTF emails.Our stuff was both resonating with them, and showing them the political path forward.And it mattered: Obama’s statement has very much changed the balance of power on this issue, especially because it means he’ll likely veto any action by Congress against a good FCC rule.”More recently, FFTF launched a new initiative in March 2017 to provide $15,000 per month to activists who quit their jobs to join “A Teams” to fight President Trump’s public policy agenda.FFTF launched the program with an eye-catching promotion: “Terrified about Trump? Quit your job, start an A-Team. We’ll fund it.”“We’re currently taking applications for an initial launch of the project, and will be providing a few select teams with funding, guidance, and support,” said Evan Greer, speaking to reporters in her capacity as FFTF campaign director.“Our goal is to spawn a movement of small, dedicated, groups of people using the tactics that we’ve used effectively to defend Internet freedom to win major victories in other issue areas affecting our basic rights and freedoms, such as immigration, freedom of press, police brutality, drug reform, and government corruption.”FFTF board includes several members with close Google financial connections including:Barbara van Schewick: Listed as the Clerk/Secretary of the FFTF board, van Schewick also serves as a Professor of Law and Director of the Stanford Center for Internet & Society (CIS), a group that boosts of “generous support from Google, Inc.” Marvin Ammori: Listed as president of the FFTF Education Fund 501(c)3 board, Ammori is the founder of the Ammori Group, a law firm and public policy firm based in Washington, D.C. and Silicon Valley, that lists Google as “the largest and most established client we counsel.”Yochai Benkler: Benkler serves as FFTF’s Board Secretary and as the Director of the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University – a center that boasts Google as it’s top corporate backer and its fourth-largest donor (Harvard University is fifth).Starting Monday, April 3, 2017, Evan Greer was the contact person for the FFTF press release blasting President Trump for signing SR Res 34, a bill the FFTF characterized as slashing “the FCC’s Internet Privacy rules and allow Internet Service Providers like Comcast, Verizon, and AT&T to monitor, collect, and sell the details of their customers Internet activity to advertisers.”On her Tweet account, Greer has posted a series of tweets, on a similar theme, attacking Trump for signing a GOP-sponsored bill that rescinded the FCC “Internet Privacy” rules that prevented ISPs from collecting customer web-browsing data, without disclosing that ISPs rarely have access to this type of data, while the FCC rule did nothing from preventing Internet giants like Google from continuing their extensive web-browsing customer data mining operations.In another Tweet, dated April 4, 2017, Greer bragged the Washington Post had quoted her attacking Trump for selling out to “CEOs and lobbyists for giant telecom companies, who want to rake in money by spying on all of us and selling the details of our lives to marketing companies.”Greer’s Linkedin.com account lists that from November 2009 to April 2012, she worked as media strategy and outreach coordinator for the Tarek Mehanna Support Committee.Tarek Mehanna is currently serving a 17 ½ year sentence in a federal prison in Illinois after he was convicted in federal court in Boston in 2012 of four terror-related charges of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists, conspiring to kill in a foreign country, and lying to authorities in a terrorism investigation – a case in which the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal.








Liberal activist Noam Chomsky has doubled down on comments he made last month, saying he believes that President Trump may stage a terrorist attack in order to distract from unfulfilled promises and to bolster support.Chomsky made the comments on Democracy Now, when asked to clarify his previous assertion that Trump may concoct a false flag attack and blame it on ‘vulnerable people’.The author at first attempted to play down the comments saying that what he said wasn’t as inflammatory as some headlines suggested, but then he simply repeated the assertion that the President could literally stage a terrorist attack.“Sooner or later this con game is not going to work,” said Chomsky, adding “People will understand he’s not bringing back jobs, he’s not going to recreate the partly illusory, partly real picture of what life was like in the past with manufacturing jobs, and a functioning society where you can get ahead and so on and so forth, he’s not going to create that.”“What happens at that point? Something has to be done to maintain control,” Chomsky continued.“The obvious technique is scapegoating. So, blame it on immigrants, on the Muslims, on somebody, but that can only go so far.” he exclaimed.“The next step would be, as I said, an alleged terrorist attack, which is quite easy, in fact almost normal, like Condoleezza Rice’s ‘Mushroom Cloud,'” Chomsky continued, referring to the former National Security Adviser’s infamous fearmongering quote about Saddam Hussein potentially acquiring nuclear weapons in 2002.“That’s easy to construct alleged attacks.” Chomsky continued.The author then suggested Trump could go even further, employing the FBI to actually make a terror attack occur.“The other possibility is a staged attack of a minor kind, and how hard would that be? Take the FBI technique, which they are using constantly, of creating situations of entrapment. Suppose one goes a little too far and you don’t stop it right in time.” Chomsky said.“That wouldn’t be hard to work out. I don’t particularly anticipate it, but it is a possibility. And this is a very frightened country. for years, this has probably been the most terrified country in the world.” he added.Here is Alex Jones’ breakdown of Chomsky’s previous accusation that a staged attack could be employed:








China has vowed to defend its territory “at all costs” if the United States launches military action against North Korea.An editorial in the Global Times, which is widely regarded as the voice of the Chinese government, warns the Trump administration that North Korea “trusts nothing but nuclear weapons” and that the regime in Pyongyang is “unlikely to surrender”.“China has a bottom line. It will safeguard the security and stability of its Northeast area at all costs,” states the editorial.Tensions have dramatically escalated in recent days, with a senior White House official warning that “the clock has now run out” on North Korea’s nuclear program and that “all options are on the table”.Trump also recently told the Financial Times, “Well if China is not going to solve North Korea, we will. That is all I am telling you.”Four-star general Jack Keane has also asserted that bombing North Korea’s nuclear facilities “may be the only option left”.North Korea fired off yet another missile this morning which landed in the Sea of Japan, one of several to have been test-fired in recent months.As Michael Snyder explains, any attack on North Korea could set off a wave of drastic measures and even a direct military confrontation between the U.S. and China.“After the initial North Korean barrage, the fourth largest military on the entire planet would start pouring across the border in a massive invasion of South Korea. The U.S. military would be forced to respond with large scale ground forces if South Korea would have any chance of surviving, and just like in the first Korean War the Chinese may decide to respond to that move by committing their own troops to the war on the side of North Korea.”President Trump will meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida on Thursday and Friday to discuss the escalating crisis.SUBSCRIBE on YouTube: Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71*********************Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.








Outgoing Federal Reserve Governor Daniel Tarullo told CNBC on Wednesday that robust March job growth at American companies provides more confirmation of a “solid trend” of strength in employment.He also said the economy is gaining traction.U.S. companies added 263,000 jobs in March, according to the latest ADP and Moody’s Analytics private payrolls report. That was well above the 185,000 expected from economists surveyed by Reuters. The government reports its March employment report on Friday.Forward indicators also bode well for second quarter growth, said Tarullo, who appeared on “Squawk Box” on his last day at the central bank. The 64-year-old, a tough regulator on the banks, announced his plans to retire in February.Read more








At his CEO Business Town Hall Tuesday, President Donald Trump returned to his campaign promise to end the highly unpopular Common Core standards and once again make education policy the domain of local governments.“Common Core, I mean, we have to bring education more local,” Trump said at the White House. “We can’t be managing education from Washington.”The president continued:When I go out to Iowa, when I go out to the different states and I talk, they want to run their school programs locally and they’ll do a much better job… And I like the fact of getting rid of Common Core. You know, Common Core, to me, we have to end it. We have to bring education local, to me. I’ve always said it, I’ve been saying it during the campaign, and we’re doing it.This month, concerns had arisen about Trump’s commitment to his oft-repeated campaign promise to end Common Core. Toward the tail end of his campaign, Trump’s message shifted from the termination of the controversial standards to school choice.American Principles Project senior fellow Emmett McGroarty welcomes the return of Trump’s attention to the problematic standards that were quickly adopted by states in exchange for the promise of federal cash and relief from onerous federal regulations.Read more








European Union (EU) boss Jean-Claude Juncker has called on his colleagues to make sure the UK does not get the same benefits as the remaining 27 members after Brexit.The European Commission president warned the UK that it cannot have its cake and eat it.In a display of how he wants Brexit negotiations to go ahead, Mr Juncker urged his fellow commissioners to ensure Britain does not get a better deal than the rest of the EU.In an ominous warning to the UK, he said: “A third country cannot have the same benefits as a member states.“This parliament must and will ensure this reality is fully upheld over the course of the next two years.”Read more








A Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee said Tuesday that associates of Donald Trump will “probably go to jail” over their connections to the Russian government.Texas Rep. Jaoquin Castro made the explosive claim in an interview with CNN’s Wolf Blitzer, though he declined to give specifics about why he believes jail time is in the offing for Trump advisers.“There’s…quite a lot of smoke, the investigation is to determine if there’s a fire or not,” Castro said of the investigations into collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian government operatives.“I would say this, that my impression is I wouldn’t be surprised after all of this is said and done, that some people end up in jail,” said Castro.Read more








On Tuesday’s edition of Hardball, MSNBC host Chris Matthews and MSNBC political analyst/Mother Jones D.C. bureau chief David Corn were unglued over the Susan Rice “unmasking” controversy, suggesting that it was racist and sexist for these accusations to be leveled at the former National Security Adviser because she’s never done anything wrong.Matthews was off his rocker from the show’s opening minute, denouncing the Rice story as something pushed by the President to “distract attention from the investigation” even though he immediately touted colleague Andrea Mitchell’s lengthy interview with Rice hours earlier.“Why is he going after Susan Rice? It’s like he pulls out — he’s like an old deejay. He pulls out the old records from 20 years ago and plays them again,” Matthews later wondered to Corn and fellow panelist Simon Marks (who unsuccessfully tried to argue that Rice has done herself no favors in giving contradictory statements).Read more








As part of its daily wrap of the Susan Rice newsflow, which focused on her first media appearance since she was “outed” as the persona responsible for “unmasking” members of team Trump, the WSJ provides two new pieces of incremental information: i) in addition to Michael Flynn, at least one more member of the Trump transition team was “unmasked” in intelligence reports due to multiple foreign conversations that weren’t related to Russia; and ii) Rice wasn’t the administration official who instigated Mr. Flynn’s unmasking, confirming there is at least one more high-level official giving “unmasking” orders. But first, a brief detour.“Unmasking” is a term used when the identity of a U.S. citizen or lawful resident is revealed in classified intelligence reports. Normally, when government officials receive intelligence reports, the names of American citizens are redacted to protect their privacy. But officials can request that names, listed as “U.S. Person 1,” for example, be unmasked internally in order to give context about the potential value of the intelligence. Unmasking is justified for national security reasons but is governed by strict rules across the U.S. intelligence apparatus that make it illegal to pursue for political reasons or to leak classified information generated by the process.It is the accusation that Rice unmasked members for purely political reasons – ostensibly in coordination with president Obama – that has gotten Republican smelling blood in the water.  Republicans have for weeks signaled that they saw unmasking as the key to investigating the source of media leaks damaging to the Trump administration — such as the exposure of former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was forced to resign in February after media reports revealed that he misled Vice President Pence about the contents of his discussions with the Russian ambassador.To that end, earlier this month, Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) pressed FBI Director James Comey in a public Intelligence Committee hearing: “It would be nice to know the universe of people who have the power to unmask a U.S. citizen’s name… because that might provide something of a roadmap to investigate who might’ve actually disseminated a masked U.S. citizen’s name.”He went on to press Comey on whether specific Obama officials, including Rice, would have had the authority to request that a name be unmasked. “Yes, in general, and any other national security adviser would, I think, as a matter of their ordinary course of their business,” Comey answered.Shortly thereafter, The Hill notes Nunes made his shocking announcement that he — and he alone — had viewed documents that showed inappropriate unmasking by Obama-era officials.Today, Susan Rice came out to defend herself and told MSNBC that “the allegation is that somehow, Obama administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes,” Rice told Mitchell. “That’s absolutely false.”She added that “The notion, which some people are trying to suggest, that by asking for the identity of the American person is the same is leaking it — that’s completely false. There is no equivalence between so-called unmasking and leaking.”And yet, that is precisely what many republicans are suggesting because otherwise there is no explanation for how the WaPo and NYT received, on a virtual silver platter, stories about Mike Flynn’s communications with intel-level detail.Perhaps Rice is simply lying as she lied on March 22 when in a PBS interview she said “I know nothing” about unmasking Trump officials. Less than two weeks later, we learn that she did.But perhaps there is more to the story than what we know so far.* * *And this is where the WSJ comes in, with the new info that according to a Republican official familiar with deliberations by GOP lawmakers on the House Intelligence Committee said that the names of two U.S. citizens who were part of Mr. Trump’s transition team have been unmasked in intelligence reports. One is Mr. Flynn and the other hasn’t been identified. The report involving Mr. Flynn documented phone conversations he had in late December with the Russian ambassador to the U.S.The WSJ then reports that Rice had requested the unmasking of at least one
transition official — not Mr. Flynn — who was part of multiple foreign
conversations that weren’t related to Russia.And the punchline: “The Republican official and others said Ms. Rice wasn’t the administration official who instigated Mr. Flynn’s unmasking.”In other words, the story that Susan Rice is the unmasker is incomplete as there is at least one more person exposing the identities of people in Trump’s circle, and that the NSA and other intel agencies have been surveiling, accidentally or otherwise,  at least one, so far unnamed individual, from Trump’s circle. It may well be someone that the WaPo and NYT have already published about, or it may be someone who has yet to hit the newswire, delivering the latest twist of the ongoing intelligence-fed news cycle.For now the answer is unknown, although when Rice testifies under oath before the House Intel Committee, we hope that all outstanding questions will finally get answers.








Susan Rice was a political adviser working for Obama, she was not a criminal investigator working for the FBI, therefore her unmasking of Trump transition officials was almost certainly done to advance Democratic Party interests.As Andrew McCarthy reports in The National Review:The thing to bear in mind is that the White House does not do investigations. Not criminal investigations, not intelligence investigations.Remember that.Why is that so important in the context of explosive revelations that Susan Rice, President Obama’s national-security adviser, confidant, and chief dissembler, called for the “unmasking” of Trump campaign and transition officials whose identities and communications were captured in the collection of U.S. intelligence on foreign targets?Because we’ve been told for weeks that any unmasking of people in Trump’s circle that may have occurred had two innocent explanations: (1) the FBI’s investigation of Russian meddling in the election and (2) the need to know, for purposes of understanding the communications of foreign intelligence targets, the identities of Americans incidentally intercepted or mentioned. The unmasking, Obama apologists insist, had nothing to do with targeting Trump or his people.That won’t wash.In general, it is the FBI that conducts investigations that bear on American citizens suspected of committing crimes or of acting as agents of foreign powers. In the matter of alleged Russian meddling, the investigative camp also includes the CIA and the NSA. All three agencies conducted a probe and issued a joint report in January. That was after Obama, despite having previously acknowledged that the Russian activity was inconsequential, suddenly made a great show of ordering an inquiry and issuing sanctions.Consequently, if unmasking was relevant to the Russia investigation, it would have been done by those three agencies. And if it had been critical to know the identities of Americans caught up in other foreign intelligence efforts, the agencies that collect the information and conduct investigations would have unmasked it. Because they are the agencies that collect and refine intelligence “products” for the rest of the “intelligence community,” they are responsible for any unmasking; and they do it under “minimization” standards that FBI Director James Comey, in recent congressional testimony, described as “obsessive” in their determination to protect the identities and privacy of Americans.Understand: There would have been no intelligence need for Susan Rice to ask for identities to be unmasked. If there had been a real need to reveal the identities — an intelligence need based on American interests — the unmasking would have been done by the investigating agencies.The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president’s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests.There’s more. Read McCarthy’s full breakdown in The National Review."Well, at least she didn’t blame it on a video." — @AndrewCMcCarthy https://t.co/4kli2wnieI— National Review (@NRO) April 5, 2017"Well, at least she didn’t blame it on a video." — @AndrewCMcCarthy https://t.co/4kli2wnieI— National Review (@NRO) April 5, 2017








I got chills when I saw a CNN report that said that a White House official has just warned that “the clock has now run out” on North Korea’s nuclear program and that “all options are on the table”.That second phrase has been repeatedly used by members of the Trump administration in recent days, and everyone knows what it means.  When I wrote that a conflict with North Korea could be “Trump’s first war”last month, I was still hoping that cooler heads would prevail and that a military conflict could be avoided.  Unfortunately, it appears that a peaceful solution is not in the cards, and that means that the United States may soon start bombing North Korea.  And of course if that happens the North Koreans will strike back with whatever they can, and that includes nuclear weapons.I don’t know if I have the words to effectively communicate how serious this situation could become.  We have gotten to the point where the White House is openly talking of going to war with a nuclear power…A senior White House official issued a dire warning to reporters Tuesday on the state of North Korea’s nuclear program, declaring “the clock has now run out and all options are on the table.”“The clock has now run out, and all options are on the table,” the official said, pointing to the failure of successive administration’s efforts to negotiate an end to North Korea’s nuclear program.Later this week, President Trump is going to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida.  The eyes of the entire world will be on this summit, because everyone knows that Trump is going to press the Chinese leader for help on resolving the crisis with North Korea.But what can China actually do?The Chinese could cut off trade with North Korea, and that would definitely hurt, but North Korean leader Kim Jong Un appears to have become convinced that long range nuclear missiles are the key to the survival of his regime, and so he will never give up his nuclear program.And the Chinese will certainly not strike North Korea militarily, and so ultimately if something is going to be done to stop North Korea from getting long range nuclear missiles it will be up to the United States.On Tuesday morning, North Korea once again showed their defiance by firing yet another test missile into the Sea of Japan…The missile was fired from the Sinpo region at 10.40pm GMT (6.10am local time) on the communist nation’s east coast and landed into the sea off the Korean peninsula, South Korean military officials confirmed.The rocket is believed to have flown around 37 miles before crashing into the sea. Specific details about the type of projectile were not immediately available.The missile was fired from the Sinpo region at 10.40pm GMT (6.10am local time) on the communist nation’s east coast and landed into the sea off the Korean peninsula, South Korean military officials confirmed.The rocket is believed to have flown around 37 miles before crashing into the sea. Specific details about the type of projectile were not immediately available.Kim Jong Un conducted more missile tests in 2016 than his father did in nearly two decades.It has become crystal clear that North Korea is not going to back down.President Trump is still hoping that China will step up to the plate, but if the Chinese don’t he has already stated that the United States is fully prepared to “act alone”.  In fact, he made headlines all over the planet when he told the Financial Times the following: “Well if China is not going to solve North Korea, we will. That is all I am telling you.”It doesn’t take much imagination to figure out what Trump is saying there.Previous administrations have tried sanctions and negotiations for decades, and they all failed.In the end, Trump is going to be faced with a choice whether to bomb North Korea or not, and four-star general Jack Keane says that bombing North Korea “may be the only option left”…A four-star general with close ties to Donald Trump has warned that military strikes are ‘rapidly’ becoming the only solution to North Korea’s nuclear program.Jack Keane, who declined the President’s offer to become Defense Secretary last year, said bombing Kim Jong-un’s nuclear facilities ‘may be the only option left.’A four-star general with close ties to Donald Trump has warned that military strikes are ‘rapidly’ becoming the only solution to North Korea’s nuclear program.Jack Keane, who declined the President’s offer to become Defense Secretary last year, said bombing Kim Jong-un’s nuclear facilities ‘may be the only option left.’But bombing North Korea is not like bombing Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya or Syria.The North Koreans already have nuclear weapons, and the U.S. better destroy them all in an overwhelming initial assault, because Kim Jong Un will use any that survive to strike back.If you doubt this, just consider what a very high level North Korean defector just told Lester Holt of NBC News…A senior North Korean defector has told NBC News that the country’s “desperate” dictator is prepared to use nuclear weapons to strike the United States and its allies.Thae Yong Ho is the most high profile North Korean defector in two decades, meaning he is able to give a rare insight into the secretive, authoritarian regime.According to Thae, North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un is “desperate in maintaining his rule by relying on his [development of] nuclear weapons and ICBM.” He was using an acronym for intercontinental ballistic missiles — a long range rocket that in theory would be capable of hitting the U.S.A senior North Korean defector has told NBC News that the country’s “desperate” dictator is prepared to use nuclear weapons to strike the United States and its allies.Thae Yong Ho is the most high profile North Korean defector in two decades, meaning he is able to give a rare insight into the secretive, authoritarian regime.According to Thae, North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un is “desperate in maintaining his rule by relying on his [development of] nuclear weapons and ICBM.” He was using an acronym for intercontinental ballistic missiles — a long range rocket that in theory would be capable of hitting the U.S.North Korea is currently developing an intercontinental ballistic missile known as the “Taepodong 2” that will have a range of approximately 8000 kilometers.In other words, it would be capable of striking cities in the western portion of the United States.It is unthinkable that we would allow a tyrannical leader that is literally insane and that is obsessed with destroying the United States to have such a weapon.But the moment that we start dropping bombs on North Korea we will start a war in which millions could die.  Whatever nuclear weapons are missed in the first assault will likely be fired at U.S. military bases in Japan or at South Korea’s capital city of Seoul.  Approximately 10 million people live in Seoul, so the death toll would be absolutely enormous.  And even if all North Korean nuclear devices are destroyed by the first attack, the North Koreans still have thousands of artillery guns and rocket launchers trained on Seoul, and they would not hesitate to use their vast stockpile of chemical warheads.After the initial North Korean barrage, the fourth largest military on the entire planet would start pouring across the border in a massive invasion of South Korea.  The U.S. military would be forced to respond with large scale ground forces if South Korea would have any chance of surviving, and just like in the first Korean War the Chinese may decide to respond to that move by committing their own troops to the war on the side of North Korea.This is a season of “wars and rumors of wars”, and most Americans have no idea how dangerously close we are to the beginning of World War III.  My hope is that a peaceful way out of this crisis can still be found, but at this point that is becoming increasingly difficult to imagine.If Donald Trump decides to go to war with North Korea, he needs to hit them with an absolutely overwhelming first strike that takes out every single North Korean nuke, the bulk of North Korea’s artillery and rockets, and the entire North Korean leadership team within the first few minutes of the attack.It is hard to imagine a scenario that does not involve nukes that would accomplish that.And Donald Trump better get the public approval of South Korean and Japanese leadership before ever attempting such an attack, because they will likely pay the highest price if North Korea is able to strike back.If South Korea or Japan balk at backing such an operation and then they get hit by North Korean nukes, the United States could lose them as friends and allies forever.The stakes are incredibly high, and there are so many things that could go wrong.So let us pray for peace, because the alternative is almost too horrible to imagine.








As Sweden’s multicultural society continues to circle the drain, the leftists in that country are finally coming face to face with the nightmarish social conditions that they helped create.According to SVT, a television station in Sweden, several well-known feminists no longer feel safe in migrant dominated neighborhoods.Nalin Pekgul, who is a politician and feminist as well as an immigrant from Turkey, says that she now avoids the town center of Tensta where she has lived for 30 years. “Religious fundamentalists gained increasing space in the area and the place of women in the public sphere diminished,” she said. Pekgul tried to raise awareness on the situation, but to no avail. “I always hope that it will blow over. One should never forget that the vast majority here are cursing the fundamentalists.”Zeliha Dagli, another high-profile feminist politician, doesn’t just avoid the center of her community. She had to move away from Busby (which is considered a no-go zone) to the inner city of Stockholm, where she says that she feels much safer. The refugees in Busby began acting as “morality police” and intimidating women in the area. They specifically pressured feminists like her. “There were rumors that we wanted to take away women’s veils…they said that I would keep myself, and then I did not feel so safe anymore.”Unfortunately, far-left feminists are still promoting policies that are killing Sweden. Recently, a spokeswoman for the Feminist Initiative Party suggested that migrant rapists shouldn’t be deported.








Infowars’ Lee Ann McAdoo breaks down the day’s top stories including the latest on the Rice spying scandal in this live nightly news broadcast.








Bipartisan legislation introduced Tuesday would require law enforcement to obtain warrants before searching the digital devices of Americans at the border.The legislation, known as the “Protecting Data at the Border Act,” was introduced in the Senate by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) while another version was presented in the House.“Americans’ Constitutional rights shouldn’t disappear at the border,” Wyden said. “By requiring a warrant to search Americans’ devices and prohibiting unreasonable delay, this bill makes sure that border agents are focused on criminals and terrorists instead of wasting their time thumbing through innocent Americans’ personal photos and other data.”Citing the 2004 Supreme Court case Riley v. California, which ruled that a warrant should be obtained to search an electronic device after an arrest, the legislation argues that exemptions should not be made for cell phones and the like.“As the Supreme Court unanimously recognized in 2014, innovation does not render the Fourth Amendment obsolete,” Paul said. “It still stands today as a shield between the American people and a government all too eager to invade their digital lives.”“Americans should not be asked to surrender their rights or privacy at the border, and our bill will put an end to the government’s intrusive practices.”The legislation also aims to protect Americans by requiring they be made aware of their rights by law enforcement prior to requests for important information such as device PINs and passwords.Currently, as noted by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, neither a warrant or individualized suspicion of wrongdoing is needed for “routine” searches.“Border agents argue that the border search exception applies to digital searches…” the EFF writes. “Given that digital devices like smartphones and laptops contain highly personal information and provide access to even more private information stored in the cloud, the border search exception should not apply.”Analysis of Department of Homeland Security data by NBC News last month found that border agents searched as many as 25,000 cell phones in 2016 – a substantial growth from 5,000 in 2015.








Lou Dobbs has declared that the imploding Democrat Party are “so far on the wrong side of history, it’s likely they won’t recover for years.”“The Democrat Party is out of excuses for what has become its ugly, nasty partisan thuggery,” Dobbs said during his broadcast on Monday night. “The new DNC chairman, Tom Perez, stands as an example, demonstrating that Democratic leaders now insist on going to the lowest common denominator in their politics and their tactics.”“How low, how ignorant, must Dems be to hurl expletives at the President of the United States?”Dobbs was referring to Perez’s unhinged tirade at a rally hosted by the New Jersey Working Families Alliance last week.“Donald Trump, you don’t stand for our values,” Perez railed. “You didn’t win this election.”“We have a bully in Washington in the White House.”Perez, who is Barack Obama’s former Secretary of Labor, also claimed that Republicans “don’t give a sh*t about people.”“Perez seems dedicated to helping Democrats gut their party,” Dobbs continued, noting that there are 23 Democrats and two allied Independents in the Senate up for re-election next year – 10 of whom are from states Donald Trump won in the presidential election.He also pointed out that the Democrats are investing all of their political capital and energy into relentlessly fighting the Trump agenda – including the tactical error of trying to filibuster his highly-respected Supreme Court nomination, Judge Neil Gorsuch, which could backfire tremendously if Republicans are forced to trigger the ‘nuclear option,’ which would likely carry over to future nominations.“The Dems are so far on the wrong side of history, it’s highly likely they won’t recover for years,” Dobbs concluded.A handful of Democrat officials have begun to realize the scope of their failures and diminishing influence, and have been warning their party mates to little or no avail.“At the present time… we have no strategy, and we have no plan,” admitted Rep. Emanuel Cleaver (D-Mo.) recently. “I do think it is time for us to bring in younger leadership.”“In fact, if we don’t, I think it will spell the demise of the Democratic caucus – if we’re not already primitively in a state of smallness.”Cleaver’s cautionary statement came on the heels of a similar red flag thrown up by Rep. Tim Ryan (D-Ohio), shortly before he defeated by antiquated reigning minority leader, Nancy Pelosi.“I’m pulling the fire alarm, because the house is burning down, and we better get our act together or we’re going to cease being a national party,” Ryan said. “We’re going to be a regional party that fails to get into the majority, and fails to do things on behalf of those working class people that were the backbone of the Democratic Party for so long.”The Democrat Party, which once served as a home to John F. Kennedy and blue-collar, patriotic Americans, has morphed into the party of hate – hatred of American sovereignty, law and order, borders, traditionalism, free speech, and even white people.Dan Lyman: Facebook | Twitter








Infowars’ David Knight and Owen Shroyer break down the latest on the Susan Rice spying scandal as well as the day’s biggest news stories.








CNN anchor Don Lemon refused to cover reports Monday claiming former Obama national security adviser Susan Rice illegally unmasked and spread intel on the Trump transition team during the 2016 election.Focusing on Trump’s tweets charging that Obama had bugged Trump Tower, Lemon claimed there was “no evidence” of this, and accused Fox News of spreading the claim that Susan Rice illegally shared Trump team intel.“The president and the White House are still trying to make a lie true,” Lemon said.“Let us be very clear about this. There is no evidence whatsoever that the Trump team… was spied on illegally. There is no evidence that backs up the president’s original claim. And on this program tonight, we will not insult your intelligence by pretending otherwise, nor will we aid and abet the people who are trying to misinform you, the American people, by creating a diversion.”








Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner is giving talking points to Joe Scarborough, which is a disservice to President Trump.








Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor under President Obama, seemed uncomfortable when asked if she would be willing to testify before Congress about her role in “unmasking” the Trump team from recorded surveillance.“Rand Paul is suggesting that you be subpoenaed to testify. Would you be willing to go to Capitol Hill?” MSNBC host Andrea Mitchell asked on Tuesday.Rice squirmed a little before responding.“You know, Andrea, let’s, let’s… see what comes. Umm, I’m not going, ahh, you know, sit here and prejudge, but what I will say is that the investigations that are underway as to the Russian involvement in our electoral process are very important and they’re very serious,” she said while stuttering a bit. “Every American ought to have an interest in those investigations going wherever the evidence indicates they should.”And as Infowars reported earlier, a body language expert said Rice was clearly being deceptive during a related PBS interview when she claimed to have no knowledge of the surveillance.While serving as National Security Advisor, Rice wanted to “unmask” the identities of Trump’s transition team officials whose conversations with foreign officials were “incidentally” collected by US intelligence, according to a bombshell report by citizen-journalist Mike Cernovich.“The White House Counsel’s office identified Rice as the person responsible for the unmasking after examining Rice’s document log requests,” he reported. “The reports Rice requested to see are kept under tightly-controlled conditions. Each person must log her name before being granted access to them.”Typically the names of American citizens in contact with targeted foreign officials are blacked out in intelligence reports if they’re not subject to the related surveillance warrants, not to mention other legal reasons based on Fourth Amendment protections.As such, the “unmasking” of Trump officials was politically-motivated, and former President Obama made policy changes throughout his presidency to turn “incidental collection” into de facto surveillance of U.S. citizens without valid warrants.“As his presidency drew to a close, Barack Obama’s top aides routinely reviewed intelligence reports gleaned from the National Security Agency’s incidental intercepts of Americans abroad, taking advantage of rules their boss relaxed starting in 2011 to help the government better fight terrorism, espionage by foreign enemies and hacking threats,” reported Circa. “Among those cleared to request and consume unmasked NSA-based intelligence reports about U.S. citizens were Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice, his CIA Director John Brennan and then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch.”Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RealKitDanielsTwitter: Follow @KitDaniels1776 MORE Videos: Resistance News








Vladimir Putin is calling for a meeting with Donald Trump for them to discuss how they can destroy the globalist empire.Bilderberg Expert: Elite Are In Full Panic ModeAlex Jones talks with Bilderberg expert Daniel Estulin about how the elite are terrified of Donald Trump.








Names of American citizens were unmasked in intel reports to protect the American people and may have included Trump transition team members, former National Security adviser Susan Rice claimed on MSNBC Tuesday.The former Obama administration official defended herself against allegations she inappropriately unmasked, then disseminated intel on the Trump team during and after the 2016 election.“The allegation is that somehow Obama administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes. That’s absolutely false,” Rice told MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell Tuesday.“We only do it to protect the American people to do our jobs in the national security realm.”“There were occasions when I would receive a report in which a US person was referred to, name not provided, just ‘US person.’ And sometimes in that context in order to understand the importance of the report and assess its significance, it was necessary to find out, or request the information as to who that US official was,” she said.While denying Trump communications were unmasked for political purposes, Rice also insisted, “There’s no equivalence between so-called unmasking and leaking” – the difference being one is legal and the latter illegal.The former UN ambassador also claimed Obama admin officials had “grave concern” over Russia’s potential interference in the election and that interceptions may have increased during that time.“From August through the end of the administration we were hearing more and more about Russian interference in our electoral process. It was of grave concern to all of us in the national security team of the president and the president himself, so we took this issue very seriously. We thought it was crucial to defend the integrity of our election process and to be able to respond appropriately to what the Russians did to understand the full extent of their involvement.“So yes, there was a pace of reporting that accelerated as the IC got more and more information on that and shared it with us officials… I can say that from when this first came to light in intelligence channels to when the the administration ended, we got more and more information.”Rice also denied that she kept and shared a spreadsheet of Trump team names, as reported by The Daily Caller.“Absolutely false, no spreadsheet, nothing of the sort,” she said.








Infowars reporter Millie Weaver reports live from California on the ongoing pedophile round up in California.








Infowars reporter Joe Biggs breaks down what’s happening at our southern border and gives an update on how the Trump administration is doing on keeping their promises in the southland.Illegal immigration is down 67% under Trump but border wall contractors are worried they will be attacked once construction begins.They are asking for the ability to protect themselves with guns if attacked for doing this federal job.We’ve seen the crazy leftists attack people for simply having a different opinion, so it’s understandable that the workers would be hesitant.








Obama’s senior officials spied on their political appointments, broke the law to do it, lied in a cover up — but move along there’s nothing to see.Meanwhile, mainstream media applauds Susan Rice for using the powers of the surveillance state for political purposes.But IF she didn’t break the law, THAT would be an even bigger story and problem for America.








Infowars reporter Millie Weaver discusses the human trafficking epidemic in the U.S. from California, the state with the most reported cases of human trafficking.Recently in Florida three university students were arrested for prostitution in which two of the students were females engaging in sex in exchange for money, while one male student was arranging the encounters and essentially pimping the girls.One of the girls who was arrested can be seen in her Facebook profile picture with former President Bill Clinton at a campaign event during Hillary Clinton’s presidential run.








Dr. Phil is one of the few members of the mainstream media who are willing to report on the pedophile networks around the world.








Homeland Security cannot promise that illegal immigrants will not be arrested if they come forward to report they have been a victim of a crime or a witness to one, a spokesman said Tuesday.Some victims and witnesses themselves are potentially criminal immigrants who may pose a threat to the country, David Lapan, a spokesman from DHS said at a news briefing.Lapan added that immigration arrest in courthouses are necessary because some jurisdictions will not cooperate with requests to alert federal agencies.Los Angeles officials, for example, are already attributing a drop in reported crimes to President Trump’s illegal immigration crackdown. These officials fear the threat of arrests can deter victims from reporting crimes or witnesses from cooperating in investigations.Read more








As part of its daily wrap of the Susan Rice newsflow, which focused on her first media appearance since she was “outed” as the persona responsible for “unmasking” members of team Trump, the WSJ provides two new pieces of incremental information: i) in addition to Michael Flynn, at least one more member of the Trump transition team was “unmasked” in intelligence reports due to multiple foreign conversations that weren’t related to Russia; and ii) Rice wasn’t the administration official who instigated Mr. Flynn’s unmasking, confirming there is at least one more high-level official giving “unmasking” orders.But first, a brief detour.“Unmasking” is a term used when the identity of a U.S. citizen or lawful resident is revealed in classified intelligence reports. Normally, when government officials receive intelligence reports, the names of American citizens are redacted to protect their privacy. But officials can request that names, listed as “U.S. Person 1,” for example, be unmasked internally in order to give context about the potential value of the intelligence. Unmasking is justified for national security reasons but is governed by strict rules across the U.S. intelligence apparatus that make it illegal to pursue for political reasons or to leak classified information generated by the process.It is the accusation that Rice unmasked members for purely political reasons – ostensibly in coordination with president Obama – that has gotten Republican smelling blood in the water.  Republicans have for weeks signaled that they saw unmasking as the key to investigating the source of media leaks damaging to the Trump administration — such as the exposure of former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was forced to resign in February after media reports revealed that he misled Vice President Pence about the contents of his discussions with the Russian ambassador.To that end, earlier this month, Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) pressed FBI Director James Comey in a public Intelligence Committee hearing: “It would be nice to know the universe of people who have the power to unmask a U.S. citizen’s name… because that might provide something of a roadmap to investigate who might’ve actually disseminated a masked U.S. citizen’s name.”He went on to press Comey on whether specific Obama officials, including Rice, would have had the authority to request that a name be unmasked. “Yes, in general, and any other national security adviser would, I think, as a matter of their ordinary course of their business,” Comey answered.Shortly thereafter, The Hill notes Nunes made his shocking announcement that he — and he alone — had viewed documents that showed inappropriate unmasking by Obama-era officials.Today, Susan Rice came out to defend herself and told MSNBC that “the allegation is that somehow, Obama administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes,” Rice told Mitchell. “That’s absolutely false.”She added that “The notion, which some people are trying to suggest, that by asking for the identity of the American person is the same is leaking it — that’s completely false. There is no equivalence between so-called unmasking and leaking.”And yet, that is precisely what many republicans are suggesting because otherwise there is no explanation for how the WaPo and NYT received, on a virtual silver platter, stories about Mike Flynn’s communications with intel-level detail.Perhaps Rice is simply lying as she lied on March 22 when in a PBS interview she said “I know nothing” about unmasking Trump officials. Less than two weeks later, we learn that she did.But perhaps there is more to the story than what we know so far.* * *And this is where the WSJ comes in, with the new info that according to a Republican official familiar with deliberations by GOP lawmakers on the House Intelligence Committee said that the names of two U.S. citizens who were part of Mr. Trump’s transition team have been unmasked in intelligence reports. One is Mr. Flynn and the other hasn’t been identified. The report involving Mr. Flynn documented phone conversations he had in late December with the Russian ambassador to the U.S.The WSJ then reports that Rice had requested the unmasking of at least one
transition official — not Mr. Flynn — who was part of multiple foreign
conversations that weren’t related to Russia.And the punchline: “The Republican official and others said Ms. Rice wasn’t the administration official who instigated Mr. Flynn’s unmasking.”In other words, the story that Susan Rice is the unmasker is incomplete as there is at least one more person exposing the identities of people in Trump’s circle, and that the NSA and other intel agencies have been surveiling, accidentally or otherwise,  at least one, so far unnamed individual, from Trump’s circle. It may well be someone that the WaPo and NYT have already published about, or it may be someone who has yet to hit the newswire, delivering the latest twist of the ongoing intelligence-fed news cycle.For now the answer is unknown, although when Rice testifies under oath before the House Intel Committee, we hope that all outstanding questions will finally get answers.








A majority of Americans are unwilling to share their personal emails, text messages, phone calls and records of online activity with U.S. counter-terrorism investigators – even to help foil terror plots, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday.The poll showed Americans were more reluctant to share personal information than when the poll last asked the question four years ago.For instance, 75 percent of adults said they would not let investigators tap into their Internet activity to help the U.S. combat domestic terrorism. That’s up from 67 percent who answered the same way in June 2013.But Americans were more evenly divided when asked whether the government is conducting too much surveillance, showing that while they are deeply concerned about their own privacy there remains a pool of support for U.S. spying programs that can sweep up personal information.Read more








Girls as young as nine are “physically and spiritually” ready for marriage, a Malaysian MP says, also claiming there’s “nothing wrong” with females marrying their rapists. It comes after Malaysia failed to criminalize child marriage in a recent law.“They reach puberty at the age of nine or 12. And at that time, their body is already akin to them being 18 years old. So physically and spiritually, it is not a barrier for the girl to marry,” Shabudin Yahaya, a member of the Barisan Nasional Coalition, told Parliament on Tuesday, as quoted by Reuters.He went on to say there is “nothing wrong” with a rape victim marrying the man who raped her, as doing so would allow her to avoid a “bleak future.”“Perhaps through marriage they can lead a healthier, better life. And the person who was raped does not necessarily have a bleak future. She will have a husband, at least, and this could serve as a remedy to growing social problems,” he said, as quoted by Malaysian newspaper the Star.Shabudin’s comments have prompted outrage online, including from fellow government minister Abdul Rahman Dahlan, who said he received the comments with “utter shock and disappointment.”Others accused Shabudin of “perpetuating a rape culture” with his remarks.Shabudin Yahya : you are perpetuating a rape culture with that disgusting statement of yours. I was hoping it was fake news but it's not!— Daphne Iking (@DaphCLPT) April 4, 2017Some suggested the minister take his own advice when it comes to marrying rapists.Shabudin should marry his rapist. 😒— Sheena Liam (@SheenaLiam) April 5, 2017One even doctored an image of the MP, portraying him as a devil on a ‘wanted’ poster.However, it appears Shabudin isn’t the only MP in favor of child marriages. A proposal by an opposition member in parliament to amend the Sexual Offenses Against Children bill to include a ban on child marriages was struck down on Tuesday.Under Islamic law, children younger than 16 can get married if the Sharia courts allow it.Malaysia’s civil law sets the minimum age of marriage at 18, but those above 16 can be married with the permission of their state’s chief minister.Despite failing to criminalize child marriage, parliament did pass a law on Tuesday which criminalizes ‘grooming’, the touching and befriending of children with the intent to sexually abuse them, and outlines penalties for making and possessing pornography involving those under the age of 18.A special court will also be set up to deal with child sexual abuse cases more quickly.The vast majority of child sexual abuse in Malaysia does not result in successful prosecutions, largely due to weaknesses in the criminal justice system, Reuters reported last year.Only 140 of the 12,987 cases of child sexual abuse cases reported to authorities between 2012 and July 2016 resulted in convictions.








The UN Security Council convened on Wednesday to discuss a draft resolution proposed by the US, the UK and France, which would condemn Damascus for the reported use of chemical weapons in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province on Tuesday.Russia criticized the draft resolution for being unbalanced and jumping to conclusions. It said the document would have to include several amendments, such as calling on the rebels controlling the area to provide full access to UN investigators and setting an unbiased and comprehensive probe into the incident as the primary goal of the resolution.“This draft was penned in haste and adopting it would have been irresponsible,” the Russian deputy acting envoy to the UN, Vladimir Safronkov, said.He also blamed Western members of the UNSC for unwillingness to investigate previous cases of alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria, where rebel groups were accused of using toxin agents.Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the UN, delivered an emotional speech that included images of children to argue in favor of swift action. The pictures were used in reporting of the alleged chemical weapons attack.She claimed the incident carried “all hallmarks” of an attack by Damascus, adding that the toxin used in the alleged assault was “more deadly” than in previous cases attributed to the Syrian military by Washington.US envoy to UN also accused Russia of failing to ensure that there were no chemical weapons in the possession of the Syrian government.“The truth is that Russia, Iran and [Syrian President] Assad have no interest in peace,” Haley claimed.The US has hinted at taking its own action in Syria unless the UN Security Council moves to prevent the use of chemical weapons in the war-torn country.“When the United Nations consistently fails in its duty to act collectively, there are times in the life of states that we are compelled to take our own action,” the US ambassador to the UN said.








For the first time since the financial crisis, more Americans view the economy favorably, according to a report from the Pew Research Center.Pew found that 58 percent of Americans say the current economic situation in the United States is good, compared with only 40 percent who say it’s bad. Last spring, 54 percent of Americans said the economy was in bad shape compared while 44 percent of Americans said it was in good shape.“This is the most positive assessment of U.S. economic conditions since 2007, and only the second time that half or more of those surveyed have given the economy a thumbs-up,” the report said. “The 14-percentage point rise in overall public opinion about the economy since last year is the largest one-year improvement in public sentiment about economic conditions in the history of the survey.”In spring of 2008, in the middle of the recession, only 20 percent of Americans said the current economic condition in the United States was good.Read more








Marvel has been on the forefront of pushing a politically correct agenda for decades and now because of it their comic sales are suffering horribly.








WASHINGTON, D.C. – The U.S. Treasury disappointed investors who filed litigation to stop the “Net Worth Sweep,” an Obama administration policy begun in August 2012 under which the U.S. Treasury has confiscated all Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac earnings, amounting to some $260 billion, in a process that has removed from the two Government Sponsored Entities (GSEs) revenue that otherwise could have been used to recapitalize, while depriving investors from receiving dividends.An email obtained under a FOIA request provided to Infowars.com by a whistleblower in the continuing controversy over the future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that makes clear a respected attorney in New York who had participated actively in the “Too Big to Fail” bank bailouts in 2008/2009, advised Congress as early as 2013 that continuing the Net Worth Sweep was “bad public policy.”“The ‘dividend sweep’ amendments have been challenged in court as either an unconstitutional taking of the property rights of the junior preferred and common stock holders or a breach of FHFA’s fiduciary duties to such stock holders as conservator of Fannie and Freddie,” noted Randall D. Guynn, an attorney widely recognized as one of the nation’s leading bank regulatory authorities, in an email dated Nov. 16, 2013.Guynn made clear he was authoring the email from the position as Head of the Financial Institutions Group at Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, in New York City, to advise Congress that the “Net Worth Sweep” of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac earnings, initiated by the Obama administration in August 2012, should be stopped.“While I have taken no side on these arguments, I believe the ‘dividend sweep’ amendments will undermine the confidence of investors in the rule of law (not only those in Fannie and Freddie, but also in the U.S. financial system more generally) and potentially have an adverse effect on financial stability in the United States, and are therefore bad public policy,” Guynn stressed.Through phone calls to parties referenced in the email, Infowars.com has confirmed that Guynn’s email dated Nov. 16, 2013 is authentic.Guynn addressed the memo to Michael Bright, who today is the director at the Milken Institute’s Center for Financial Markets, where he heads the housing program, and was in 2013 a staff assistant, responsible for advising Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker on banking policy, including Dodd-Frank Act implementation.Bright, after receiving Guynn’s email, sent an email dated Nov. 19, 2013, to Peter Brereton, Associate Director for Congressional Affairs at the Federal Housing Finance Administration (FHFA), and to Jeannie Schroeder, Congressional Affairs Office at FHFA.In that email, Bright instructed Brereton and Schroeder to ignore Guynn’s advice regarding the “‘half-baked’ wind-down” provisions of S.1217 introduced by Sen. Corker that would have continued the NWS despite provisions under Section 11 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act that suggest Fannie and Freddie should be allowed to keep their earnings as provided by the terms of the original “conservatorship” under which the Treasury had invested billion into Fannie and Freddie in return for preferred stock.In 2014, Sen. Corker joined with Virginia Democratic Sen. Mark Warner to propose a Housing Finance Reform and Taxpayer Protection Act (S.1217) that would have closed Fannie and Freddie, replacing them with a privately capitalized system that would have empowered Wall Street and big banks to take over the mortgage finance in the United States.“We are only interested in his edits [Guynn’s edits] to make sure the transition is done on sound legal footing,” Bright instructed, affirming Sen. Corker’s only interests were to see Fannie and Freddie closed expeditiously, with mortgage finance turned over to Wall Street and big banks, as specified by the provisions of S.1217.Infowars.com has reported NWS revenues swept into the Treasury’s general fund were diverted to keep Obamacare from failing by providing the financial resources needed to pay the Obamacare low-income insurance subsidies that Congress had refused to allocate funds to pay.Infowars.com has also warned that the plan to replace Fannie and Freddie, secretly endorsed by President Obama as revealed by leaked Obama administration Treasury Department documents, is a plan to replace home ownership as a key component of the American Dream, with a European model in which the standard transforms to replace middle class homeowners with “well-housed” middle-class renters.On March 29, 2017, Corker joined Warner and a small bi-partisan group of U.S. Senators in authoring a letter addressed to Mel Watt, the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, arguing that ending the NSW on March 31, 2017, would be detrimental to U.S. housing policy.The letter insisted that allowing Freddie and Fannie to retain earnings to recapitalize would be counter to legislation Corker and Warner have advanced to close the GSEs, as part of a plan to “overhaul” the U.S. housing-finance system by turning over mortgage finance responsibilities to Wall Street and big banks.








U.S. manufacturing expanded in March for the the seventh straight month, although at a slower pace than in February, a new survey shows.The Institute for Supply Management (ISM) said Monday that their latest index fell slightly to 57.2 last month from 57.7 the previous month, which was the highest level in more than two years.Any reading above 50 is a sign of growth.New orders and production continued to expand, but more slowly, in March, while hiring and new export orders grew faster, ISM reported.New orders were at 64.5 in March, a drop from 65.1 in February, while production posted a 57.6 in March down from 62.9 in February.Read more








A 17 year old boy was violently murdered by three MS-13 members who were also illegal immigrants.








Former President Barack Obama’s attempt to extend his influence beyond his presidency has received another blow from Attorney General Jeff Sessions.In a March 31 memorandum made public this week, Sessions ordered the Justice Department to review agreements the Obama administration made with police departments who had been subject to high-profile incidents involving police officers. The agreements were the first step to developing consent orders to change police practices.At the same time, the Justice Department sought a 90-day delay in a case in which the Obama administration worked with Baltimore city officials to develop a consent decree there that was spurred by the controversial Freddie Gray case in which a young black man died while in police custody.Sessions said in his memo that while “local control and local accountability are necessary for effective policing, it is not the responsibility of the federal government to manage non-federal law enforcement agencies.”Read more








Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) on Wednesday ripped President Trump for blaming a deadly gas attack on Syria on former President Obama’s approach.“That statement of President Trump’s is rich. He’s president now, he’s commander-in-chief,” Kaine told CNN’s “New Day.”“[Trump’s] got to put on his big boy pants and own up to the job. And remember, when President Trump was just Donald J. Trump, back then he was urging President Obama not to do anything in Syria.”Trump said Tuesday that the reported use of chemical weapons by forces loyal to Syrian leader Bashar Assad was a “consequence” of Obama’s foreign policy.Read more








The LGBT community is pushing their agenda further and further, now moving on to young children.








The deep state is terrified now that Susan Rice has been revealed as their tool and puppet.








Click here for official Alex Jones press kit photographs.Since the beginning of time there have been constant attempts to enslave and subdue the spirit of humanity. From Barbarian hordes streaming down the mountain to the Stasi secret police torturing those who dreamed to be free.In this age of rapidly accelerating technology the threat to our liberties is a very real and present danger. Alex Jones is a unique voice that sifts through the information and exposes the underlying intentions.In the past, nations and empires have met on the  battlefield to pit men and metal against their ideas. Now the true battlefield has become the sphere of information.The manipulation of facts and the slow relentless war on reality is being waged on this landscape of the mind. When those who seek to control humanity can convince the world that what they say is true, we will rapidly descend into the most oppressive tyranny ever seen.Alex Jones has built infowars from the ground up putting  profits back into the company to continue to grow Exponentially. Alex has never taken a loan and is not beholden to advertisers, investors or any other group that could censor or influence his position. The listeners and viewers are Alex’s partners and he has vowed to honor their trust and always remain truly independent.Alex Jones and Infowars stand against this onslaught. Every day connecting the dots, peeling back the onion. He digs deeper into the story with the insight of experts, whistleblowers and insiders. Seeking the truth and exposing the scientifically engineered lies of the globalists and their ultimate goal of enslaving humanity.Alex Jones is internationally recognized by many as a trailblazer of new media and an icon of the burgeoning liberty movement.Starting at the tender age of 20, Jones launched an access television show which within a year led to him scoring a highly rated week night radio show in Austin, Texas.The Alex Jones Show is now syndicated on over 160 stations across the country and routinely breaks huge stories in addition to featuring some of the most insightful and news making guests from across the world.Jones is dedicated to libertarian and constitutionalist ideas, in addition to what he has coined "1776 worldwide" - promoting a true culture of liberty, transparency and freedom on a planetary scale to empower humanity, while vehemently opposing Agenda 21 and the globalist threat to national sovereignty.Jones believes that informing people about the true nature of power, we can foster a real debate about humanity's destiny and allow the species to evolve towards a more orderly singularity that has humans at the core of a system which is based around maintaining free will and integrity  - defying the transhumanist goal of Social Darwinism and scientific dictatorship.Amidst the mammoth ideological clash between techno-authoritarianism and free human movements across the globe, Jones is a bullhorn for true libertarian principles and the empowerment of humankind in the eternal battle against tyranny.Jones has hit the headlines on numerous occasions for his outspoken advocacy for freedom, notably in January 2013 when he took part in a televised debate with CNN's Piers Morgan on gun control which garnered global attention.A 2011 Rolling Stone article described Jones as "a giant in America's conspiracy subculture," with a subsequent in-depth profile adding that he made Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh, "sound like tea-sipping NPR hosts on Zoloft."According to UT Professor Randolph Lewis, Jones is "one of the most important political media figures in the country" and "his circle of Texas libertarians is maybe the most important zone of resistance to surveillance culture right now.""Alex Jones is a model for people to create their own media," Michael Harrison, editor of the industry trade magazine Talkers, told Rolling Stone writer Alexander Zaitchik. "When the history is written of talk broadcasting's transition from the corporate model of the 20th century to the digital, independent model of the 21st century, he will be considered an early trailblazer."By establishing a team of news reporters who provide cutting edge analysis and on the ground high tech breaking coverage, Infowars.com continually dominates the news coverage while wearing our bias - the truth - openly and proudly on our sleeve.In the spirit of Thomas Jefferson and George Washington, Jones passionately argues against foreign entanglements and wars for the sake of corporate and banking interests. Jones avoids the bogus political labels of "left and right" and instead focuses on what really matters — what's right and wrong. As a tenacious journalist, Jones has broken hundreds of national stories over the span of his career, a feat that led to Matt Drudge giving Infowars.com a much coveted spot on the permanent links section of his hugely influential and highly trafficked website, DrudgeReport.com.Jones' infiltration of the ultra-secretive Bohemian Grove compound in 2000 also caused shockwaves, with the occult cremation of care ritual being caught on camera for the first time.Alex's mainstay is his nationally syndicated news-talk show produced from his studio in Austin and broadcast on the Genesis Communication Network, based in Minnesota. The Alex Jones Show airs on over 160 AM, FM, and shortwave stations across the United States Monday through Friday from 11:00 a.m.—2:00 p.m. Central Standard Time. As well, Alex's show is the largest draw for the talk genre on Shoutcast and the Internet. Alex does a syndicated and nationally broadcast Sunday show on Emmis Communications' KLBJ 590 AM in Austin, Texas.Jones is recognized for his incisive and hard-hitting interviews with a wide range of guests. Prominent guests include Willie Nelson, Charlie Sheen, Joe Rogan, Russell Brand, Billy Corgan, Chuck Norris, Jesse Ventura, Ted Nugent, Lou Dobbs, Tommy Chong, Geraldo Rivera, Ed Asner, and others.Alex has interviewed hundreds of politicians, government officials, researchers, political activists, authors, economists, political analysts, scientists, and entertainers, including Rand Paul, Ron Paul, Rep. Dennis Kucinich, Ralph Nader, Chuck Baldwin, George Galloway, Gore Vidal, Greg Palast, David Lynch, Joseph Stiglitz, Vigo Mortenson, Roddy Piper, Shooter Jennings, Public Enemy, Noam Chomsky, Pat Buchanan, Eva Orner, and even David Mayer de Rothschild, to name but a few.Alex's interview with actor Charlie Sheen, who disputed the official explanation of the attacks of September 11, 2001, received mainstream notice on CNN Showbiz Tonight, Fox News' Hannity & Colmes, and Jimmy Kimmel Live. Willie Nelson's questioning of 9/11 on Alex's radio show resulted in Fox News' Bill O'Reilly featuring the iconic musician and political activist on the "Pinheads & Patriots" segment of his O'Reilly Factor television show. Nelson also called for the impeachment of Bush on Alex's show."If you've never heard of Alex Jones, then you've been missing out on some of the most dynamic, hard-hitting radio on the planet," explains ZDNet. "This guy is a national treasure, a light breaking through the electronic Berlin Wall of the US media establishment," adds BBC investigative journalist Greg Palast.Documentary FilmsAlex Jones is a prolific filmmaker, producing on average two films per year since his first documentary, America: Destroyed By Design, was released in 1997. Alex's films primarily document the emergence of the New World Order, world totalitarian government, the steady erosion of the Constitution and national sovereignty in the United States, government corruption, corporate fascism, eugenics, martial law and the encroaching police state."Find out how the sovereignty of the United States is being subordinated to the globalist interests, through such examples as the Foundations at the Presidio and the Panama Canal. See United Nations and Chinese Interests are affecting our nation. Witness the United Nation's indoctrination of America's children and watch exclusive interviews with witnesses of the Oklahoma City Bombing."Documents how the U.S. Government grossly overstepped Constitutional boundaries, as well as the cover up that followed with the Branch Davidians in Waco, Texas.There are over 85,000 Federal and regional governmental institutions: school districts, water and power authorities, country and city governments — and they own over 70 percent of the stock market. The video includes an interview with Joe Banister, former IRS Special Agent, exposing how the IRS is a collection agency for the private, run-for-profit Federal Reserve.Jones' "Dark Secrets: Inside the Bohemian Grove" documented the first ever hidden camera incursion into the Grove and the bizarre pagan ritual, the Cremation of Care, practiced by its members, all men, including both Presidents Bush, Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter, Colin Powell, and Henry Kissinger to name but a few.Exposes the growing militarization of American law enforcement and the growing relationship between the military and the police.From children in public schools being trained to turn in their peers and parents to the National Guard and Army patrolling our country's highways, The Takeover reveals the most threatening developments of police state control in our age.Details the birth of a global police state, the history of government sponsored terrorism, the modern implementation of fear-based control, and the future plans of the New World Order.In two hours, Alex Jones reveals the Globalists' master plan for world domination. In this powerful expose, Jones explains why the elite are using manufactured terrorism to drive the populations into accepting tyranny.This film documents the nightmare rise of the Homeland Security dictatorship, Patriot Acts 1 and 2, the Total Information Awareness Network, government-run white slavery rings, the new prison surveillance economy and much more.Matrix of Evil contains footage from speeches and conversations with Alex Jones, Congressman Ron Paul, Colonel Craig Roberts, Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney and Frank Morales.American Dictators is a 90+ minute expose chronicling the degeneration of America's political process. Alex Jones rips away layer after layer of the false left-right paradigm and finally reveals the 2004 election.From the frontlines of the Police State to the darkest sanctum of the secret society that controls it, Martial Law reveals the master plan of a group hell-bent on capturing America today — and tomorrow the world.Exposes the connections between the Bohemian Club and Skull and Bones and other occult secret societies. Jones explores the roots of the Grove and its links to occult networks dating back to ancient Egypt and Babylon.Throughout history, criminal elements inside governments have carried out terror attacks against their own populations as a pretext to enslave them. TERRORSTORM reveals how, in the last hundred years, Western leaders have repeatedly murdered their own citizens while posing as their saviors.Jones chronicles the history of the global elite's bloody rise to power and reveals how they have funded dictators and financed the bloodiest wars—creating order out of chaos to pave the way for the first true world empire.Including interviews with Jesse Ventura, Rosie O'Donnell, George Carlin, Willie Nelson and Martin Sheen, this film is unlike anything you have ever seen. The only question after viewing it is: will you become part of the Truth Rising?In addition to producing the above films, Alex had a cameo role in Richard Linklater's Waking Life, a part that received a standing ovation at the Sundance Film Festival. He also appeared as the "street prophet" in Linklater's 2006 film, A Scanner Darkly, based on the novel of the same name by Philip K. Dick.








This video is going viral after it nailed liberal feminists for their hypocrisy over President Trump’s Muslim immigration policies.Released by “Blue Collar Logic” and titled “Islam vs. Alabama,” the clip very effectively shows feminists just how wrong they are.Of course, common sense seems to elude liberals these days, but for those willing to take just a second and consider these facts, they just might realize, as the video states:“You don’t love Muslims, or respect them. You want to adopt a million Muslims because it will piss off the religious right – period.” commentsBest free WordPress theme








This is frightening. If you see a rubber band wrapped around the door handle of your house or that of a neighbor, call the police IMMEDIATELY.A Facebook post from a woman who saw a rubber band on her front door handle explains the very real danger.Kim Fleming Cernigliaro wrote:“Two weeks ago during the day, a hard knock was at my front door, not a regular knock but almost pounding, (I honestly thought something may have happened to someone and they needed help) but something didn’t feel right….and I DO NOT answer the door when I am here by myself.“After several Knocks, they finally left. I glanced and could see it was a man through the stained glass of my door. After about 30 minutes I walked outside to look for what I thought would be a brochure, but instead found a rubber band around my knob to hold the door to open when I unlocked the latch.”From I Have the Truth:According to Cernigliaro, when the sheriff came by to investigate, he told her it was not an isolated incident; intruders will use rubber bands to hold down door handles so that they can immediately bust in when homeowners unlock the door. They are able to take unsuspecting people by surprise without even waiting for them to turn the handle.This is a very serious threat, and needs to be shared with EVERYONE. commentsBest free WordPress theme








WikiLeaks chief Julian Assange has released a BOMBSHELL video that every American needs to watch.If the information Assange reveals is accurate, and if the Trump government has the courage to take action, some very high-ranking Democrats could be going to jail.The revelation is, once again, related to all those exposed emails from Hillary Clinton.The Clintons are proliferate criminals, but they are either too arrogant or too stupid to cover their tracks very well.It seems the same sources of money that have been feeding the Clinton Foundation are also funding a wide range of terrorist organizations like ISIS.That, folks, qualifies as collusion with terrorists, and should Trump choose to take action, Clinton could find herself behind bars. commentsBest free WordPress theme








ICE agents conducted a massive raid in Texas and arrested 153 illegal immigrants. This was part of a standard enforcement operation that targeted illegal immigrant criminals.It was a 12-day operation that spanned from March 20 to the 31st. The United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents successfully arrested the large group who were mostly criminals who entered the country illegally through Mexico, were deported, and re-entered.What most democrats aren’t telling people is that ICE’s primary target is the convicted illegal aliens who have criminal records or are fugitives running from the law.Another staggering number that liberals won’t want you to know is that many of the immigrants arrested had criminal records that included violent crimes. There’s a huge difference between someone who sells drugs once in a while compared to someone who has a history of violently attacking people. Both are bad in the own ways, but people do drugs by choice, they don’t get attacked by choice.Some of the crimes committed by the illegal immigrants are quite startling and not exactly the people you would want living next door to your children.“ICE’s primary immigration enforcement efforts target convicted criminal aliens,” Daniel Bible, field office director for ERO in San Antonio, said in a statement. “Consequently, our operations improve overall public safety by removing these criminals from our streets, and ultimately from our country.”The most arrests – 62 people – were made in San Antonio, Texas. Another 24 men and women were arrested in Austin, 29 in Laredo and 38 in Harlingen, located in the Rio Grande Valley. Of the more than 150 people taken into custody, 138 were men and 15 were women.Approximately 137 of the total number had criminal histories that included convictions of aggravated assault with a weapon, aggravated assault of a child, driving under the influence, sexual assault, burglary, robbery, resisting officer, vehicular manslaughter, alien smuggling, domestic violence and drug possession.Reports state that over 90 percent of the illegal immigrants arrested were from Mexico. Several others were from Honduras, Guatamala, Canada, and El Salvador.President Trump has given ICE the ability to successfully do their job and it has irritated people. Many people forget that former President Obama has deported mass amounts of people, more than many other Presidents. Democrats didn’t seem to give Obama as much criticism as they are Trump. Obama’s nickname was the “deporter in chief” if that tells you anything about his historic deportation skills.We have four to eight years of ICE cleaning things up for a safer America. Most people don’t care about illegal immigrants who don’t break the law. The reason is because those immigrants are probably good people. It’s the criminals that everyone should be worried about. America has enough of it’s own criminals, so we should not be asked or expected to willfully harbor the criminals who come from other countries. That’s not our job.ICE targets criminally active immigrants in hopes to provide a safer country for Americans. Liberals don’t seem to care about safety, which is apparent in their lust for letting every Tom, Dick, and Harry enter the country without vetting or passing immigration protocol.Or should I call that, Tomas, Ricardo, y el Quique. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Remember when our former lead from behind president, President Obama took the opportunity to proudly display rainbow colors, in support of the LBGT community, that lit up the White House loud and proud?Then remember when after multiple officers were gunned down dead by a Blacklivesmatter supporter, while they were protecting and shielding protesters for Blacklivesmatter from the madman with the gun, and Obama refused to light the White House up in blue?That’s right, refused. Stating that his visiting the memorial and speaking at it was how he paid his respect and that was enough.GAGI really dislike that man…he is the devil.Anyhow, this story is going to leave you feeling a lot more happier than when you started reading it.The White House as we all know is occasionally lit up to commemorate different events, or special celebrations. Not many Americans have approved how Obama handled that, but there is a different president in the White House now, and there are a lot of people cheering over what he just did.On Friday, Trump announced that the White House would be lit up blue in honor of World Autism Awareness Day. Then as promised, the White House was lit up in blue Sunday night. President Trump went even further to invite Americans to join him in learning about autism and what they can do to best support autistic people.“I invite all Americans to Light it Up Blue, which Melania and I will do at the White House,” he said in a statement. “I call upon all Americans to learn more about the signs of autism to improve early diagnosis, understand the challenges faced by those with autism spectrum disorders, and to do what they can to support individuals with autism spectrum disorders and their families.”“On World Autism Awareness Day, we highlight the importance of addressing the causes and improving the treatments for autism spectrum disorders (ASDs). We also recognize the importance of identifying ASDs early in a child’s life and of understanding the obstacles faced by people living on the autism spectrum.”According to Sean Spicer, Trump had a very personal reason to do this and Americans support it. Spicer shared that Trump had promised “the late wife of his friend Bob Wright that he would illuminate the White House in blue if he won the election” Her name was Suzanne Wright and she passed away in 2006, she had founded the Autism Speaks advocacy group in 2006, and it had a blue logo.Bringing awareness to autism was President Trump’s goal on Sunday night, and as many are saying, a very good move on the part of Donald and Melania Trump.Would you agree? commentsBest free WordPress theme








Ever since the Trump got into office, there has been a concerted effort on the part of Barack Obama to take him down. Shortly after learning of Obama’s violence resistance movement Organization For Action (OFA) where his minions around the country are being trained in Saul Alinsky tactics, we are now hearing that Obama wiretapped Trump Towers during the 2016 presidential race to spy on Trump. As this new scandal being dubbed “Obamagate” blows wide open, WikiLeaks just dropped another huge bombshell, revealing that Obama has made quite the history of wiretapping and hacking political opponents and friends alike.Obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals https://t.co/XbwyNSwTXg #NSA #PRISM#Merkel #Sarkozy #BanKiMoon #WTO #Trump pic.twitter.com/5CebcnkFgn— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 5, 2017Obama’s cockiness throughout his presidency truly knew no bounds. But unfortunately for many people around the world, Obama’s antics weren’t just limited to spying Trump, as WikiLeaks just revealed. Obama bugged the meeting between UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon and German Chancellor, Angela Merkel. Obama also intercepted a call between then French president, Sarkozy and Merkel. But that is just the very small beginning of Obama’s long list of spying. Check out this insane list compiled by WikiLeaks of all of Obama’s wire taps:* The US National Security Agency bugged a private climate change strategy meeting; between UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon and German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin;
* Obama bugged Chief of Staff of UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) for long term interception targetting his Swiss phone;
* Obama singled out the Director of the Rules Division of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Johann Human, and targetted his Swiss phone for long term interception;
* Obama stole sensitive Italian diplomatic cables detailing how Israel’s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu implored Italy’s Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to help patch up his relationship with US President Barack Obama, who was refusing to talk to Netanyahu;
* Obama intercepted top EU and Japanese trade ministers discussing their secret strategy and red lines to stop the US “extort[ing]” them at the WTO Doha arounds (the talks subsequently collapsed);
* Obama explicitly targeted five other top EU economic officials for long term interception, including their French, Austrian and Belgium phone numbers;
* Obama explicitly targetted the phones of Italy’s ambassador to NATO and other top Italian officials for long term interception; and
* Obama intercepted details of a critical private meeting between then French president Nicolas Sarkozy, Merkel and Berluscon, where the latter was told the Italian banking system was ready to “pop like a cork”.But the insanity doesn’t end there. In addition to the above list Obama also wiretapped individuals in the US media that were not reporting flattering information about him. * In 2013 the liberal Washington Post expressed outrage after the revelation that the Justice Department had investigated the newsgathering activities of a Fox News reporter as a potential crime in a probe of classified leaks.  The reporter, Fox News’ James Rosen and his family, were part of an investigation into government officials anonymously leaking information to journalists. Rosen was not charged but his movements and actions were tracked.
* Also in 2013, members of the Associated Press were also a target of the surveillance.  The ultra liberal New Yorker even noted that “In moderate and liberal circles, at least, the phone-records scandal, partly because it involves the dear old A.P. and partly because it raises anew the specter of Big Brother, may well present the most serious threat to Obama’s reputation.”
* Reporter Sharyl Attkisson said in 2014 that her personal computer and CBS laptop were hacked after she began filing stories about Benghazi that were unflattering to the Obama administration.  A source who checked her laptop said the hacker used spyware “proprietary to a government agency,” according to an article in the New York Post.It’s truly startling how far Obama’s lawlessness goes! But what’s hilarious about all this is how Obama’s plans to take out our president are blowing up right in his anti-American face. And while Obama might have gotten away with his antics as president, Trump isn’t playing these little games and is already moving forward with a full investigation into Obama and his illegal antics.  commentsBest free WordPress theme








Barack Obama spent more time golfing than any other president in history. When all was said and done, the golfer-in-chief had spent 264 days of his 8-year reign of terror on the links at the taxpayer expense.President Trump had a special investigator look into the cost of all that golf to the taxpayer. After figuring in greens fees, transportation, security, food, beverages and equipment, the final cost came to just over $1 billion.You heard that right. $1 billion for one man to walk around luxury country clubs all over the world playing a game he’s not all that good at to begin with.The office of the comptroller will be sending Obama a bill that will have him paying back more than $400 million of that money that can’t be justified as a typical expense for a president.Obama has some nerve costing all of that money when he surely could have played much less and paid for a lot of it himself. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Rush Limbaugh: “The Obama administration declared a very secret war on President Donald Trump using America’s intelligence services as his weapon.”“This is a conspiracy of epic proportions.”Yes, it is Rush. And the media is silent.“But the real scandal here — and it’s becoming increasingly clear — is that the Obama administration weaponized politically our intelligence services against the Republicans and against Trump. I, for one, am not surprised,” he said.“We know that the Obama Regime surveilled Trump’s transition team. We know now that the Obama White House unmasked people who were not targets of legitimate surveillance and investigation. We know now that the Obama White House illegal leaked protected information,” he continued.And don’t forget, new information reveals that the reporters who broke the Flynn Russia story had the information on Susan Rice the whole time and they refused to report it because they did not want to hurt Obama and vindicate Trump.In other words, they are guilty too.“The Drive-By Media reported all of this. We know that there had to be unmasking. We know that there had to be leaking. The media proudly told us that sources who could not be identified […] fed them data. We know now that the media was complicit,” Rush said.“The Obama administration chose surveillance targets knowing that they would be talking to specific Americans, wanting to see what those specific Americans were talking about. So while they couldn’t get a FISA warrant to target Americans, they purposely targeted for surveillance foreign actors that they knew Trump transition people would be talking to and learned what they were saying that way. And that’s why Rice was requesting that these people be unmasked so that she and Obama and whoever else in this operation would understand who was being talked about and who was saying what,” Limbaugh said.“… we now know that Trump has been surveilled for a year. We now know that the Obama administration was responsible for the unmasking. We now know that it was Susan Rice, who lied on five Sunday shows about Benghazi, we know that it was Susan Rice who requested the unmasking of all of these Trump officials.”“This story is not Trump and the Russians. I’m sorry to be so repetitive. The story is the surveillance that the Obama administration was engaging in of Trump and who knows who else. Now, you say, ‘Rush, this is awfully hard to believe.’ No, it isn’t. This is my point about liberals and who they are. They weaponized the IRS against conservatives, didn’t they? They most certainly did,” he said.Let’s not forget this is a pattern that the left keeps repeating.“If Flynn had indeed promised anything about lifting sanctions once Trump was inaugurated, they (would) have reported that by now. It is clear that Flynn did not do anything actionable because all they’ve been able to do is leak supposition and create mystery about it. But they’ve known all along that nothing happened! They’ve known all along that Flynn didn’t do anything illegal in his conversation with the Russian ambassador. So the leaks have been intended to create suspicion rather than allay it.” commentsBest free WordPress theme








Fox News 
	
		
	20 hours ago	
	News
	
300 Views After the White House Counsel identified Susan Rice as the person responsible for the unmasking of Trump officials, it has been discovered she was only able to do so after President Obama change the unmasking rules.Susan Rice, who served as the National Security Adviser under President Obama, has been identified as the official who requested unmasking of incoming Trump officials, Cernovich Media can exclusively report.The White House Counsel’s office identified Rice as the person responsible for the unmasking after examining Rice’s document log requests. The reports Rice requested to see are kept under tightly-controlled conditions. Each person must log her name before being granted access to them.Upon learning of Rice’s actions, H. R. McMaster dispatched his close aide Derek Harvey to Capitol Hill to brief Chairman Nunes.“Unmasking” is the process of identifying individuals whose communications were caught in the dragnet of intelligence gathering. While conducting investigations into terrorism and other related crimes, intelligence analysts incidentally capture conversations about parties not subject to the search warrant. The identities of individuals who are not under investigation are kept confidential, for legal and moral reasons.Under President Obama, the unmasking rules were changed. Circa originally reported:As his presidency drew to a close, Barack Obama’s top aides routinely reviewed intelligence reports gleaned from the National Security Agency’s incidental intercepts of Americans abroad, taking advantage of rules their boss relaxed starting in 2011 to help the government better fight terrorism, espionage by foreign enemies and hacking threats, Circa has learned.Three people close to President Obama, including his “fall guy” for Benghazi (Susan Rice), had authorization to unmask.Among those cleared to request and consume unmasked NSA-based intelligence reports about U.S. citizens were Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice, his CIA Director John Brennan and then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Folks, on Monday President Trump urged all Americans to watch this “incredible reporting” by Fox News.The report suggest that Obama spied on Trump before election. Please help us SPREAD THIS!“SUCH AMAZING REPORTING ON UNMASKING AND THE CROOKED SCHEME AGAINST US BY @FOXANDFRIENDS,” TRUMP TWEETED,” SAYING THAT HE HAD BEEN “[S]PIED ON BEFORE NOMINATION.”
The intelligence official that was responsible for unmasking the Trump associates is “very well known, very high up, very senior in the intelligence world.”“The main issue in this case, is not only the unmasking of these names of private citizens, but the spreading of these names for political purposes that have nothing to do with national security or an investigation into Russia’s interference in the U.S. election,” a source in congress told Fox News.Bombshell report over the weekend shows a 'very high up' Obama official unmasking Trump associates for political purposes, sources say pic.twitter.com/Rj6JEXbobb— FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 3, 2017“Adam Housley did an incredible job with this information,” “Fox and Friends” co-host Brian Kilmeade said Monday.“We heard germs of it, that it was beginning to take root during Friday’s show. But right after Friday’s show, we were able to get a perspective on basically what President Trump thought a month ago when he went out and tweeted on Saturday morning. Man, I guess on some level he saw some things that only somebody surveilling his administration would know.”  commentsBest free WordPress theme








This Cameroonian man actually took a dump in his pants in order to avoid being deported. Here he is on the airplane bound for his native country when he decides the best way to stop the deportation is simply to crap in his pants. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Fox News 
	
		
	20 hours ago	
	News
	
83 Views History will remember the Obama years as a time of corruption, bad government, and deceit.During their final year in office, the Obama Administration spent a whopping $36.2 million in legal fees in order to deny Freedom of Information Act requests. This is a record, via The Washington Times.“Transparency for thee, not for me,” seems to have been Obama’s true motto.In total, Obama’s campaign of relentless censorship led to an impressive backlog of FOIA requests — over 200,000. Most were rejected.Even Obama’s lackeys had to admit almost 34-percent of all FOIA rejections were “improper under the law” (aka, illegal), via PBS.Despite the assertions made by our own Pravda, Obama’s time in the White House was far from “scandal-free.”Indeed, as more evidence piles up showing the outgoing Obama administration spied on the Trump team, it’s important to remember most of Obama’s scandals involved some form of political censorship or oppression.In 2013, the IRS targeted conservative organizations and placed them under excess scrutiny for illegitimate reasons. After giving investigators a complete runaround, the agency was forced to acknowledge the targeting of conservative groups in an effort to upset their tax exempt statuses, via Washington Times.Various news organizations claimed the Obama administration spied on them, possibly to achieve total control of media output. In 2013, Obama’s Department of Justice openly spied on the Associated Press by seizing phone records, via New York Times.As reported by The Angry Patriot, investigative reporter Sharyl Attkisson believes Obama officials hacked her computer in order to stop her from accurately reporting the 2012 attack on CIA facilities in Benghazi.Finally, to address what could be the biggest scandal of all, Congress is moving closer to uncovering the means by which the Obama administration moved to weaponize false leaks and pursued wiretapping campaigns to illegally undermine the Trump campaign.If California Republican Devin Nunes is correct, the Obama administration deliberately targeted U.S. officials, military officers, and politicians, all in a failed attempt to find legal justification for preventing President Trump from reaching office.The era of “Hope and Change” was nothing more than a banana republic, overseen by a paranoid autocrat. Obama’s love of censorship is symbolic of the Democrats and the left. In order to bring about their utopian paradise of big government multiculturalism, Obama’s delusional followers continuously resort to treasonous activity.It’s time to end the Obama nightmare for good. commentsBest free WordPress theme








On his show, conservative champion Rush Limbaugh chastised Michelle Obama for attacking Donald Trump about his ‘ locker room talk ‘ after she herself has hosted vulgar music stars and rappers whose song lyrics are more obscene than Trump has ever said.Limbaugh immediately called out the double standard.‘Men brag, and she is telling people that she doesn’t know men who brag. You know the people that have been to the White House?’ Rush said. (WARNING: Some of the language here and later in the story may be offensive to some readers.)‘How about some of the rappers that talk about their b****** and their hos have performed such lyrics in the White House? But she doesn’t know men who talk and sing about sexual assault. It’s all over hip-hop lyrics and has been for a while!‘So is assault on the police a feature of some hip-hop lyrics, and it’s been performed at the White House. But she doesn’t know men who talk that way. She doesn’t know decent guys who talk that way.’Limbaugh also brought up a ‘sermon’ by the Obamas’ former pastor, Rev. Jeremiah Wright.‘Yeah, I guess Michelle Obama wasn’t there when the Rev. Wright was talking about Bill Clinton,’ Rush said ‘You remember what Rev. Wright said about Bill Clinton, Monica Lewinsky? … ‘And Bill and Monica Lewinsky was riding dirty. Yeah, chickens have come home to roost, baby.’ ‘Bill was riding dirty,’ and the population, the congregation went nuts.’And while Rush didn’t mention her, let’s not forget Michelle’s BFF, Beyoncé. Here are some of her lyrical exploits (WARNING AGAIN: graphic language):The first lady, meanwhile, calls her a role model.Both of the Obamas are professed Christians, which means (I assume) they are familiar with the Bible. I seem to recall something in the book of Matthew involving specks and logs in eyes.It’s hard to remember the precise wording, but perhaps Michelle can search for it before she sais anything against Trump’s words because she will only end up looking foolish herself.Be sure to share your thoughts in the comment section below to let us know what you think of this. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Fox News 
	
		
	20 hours ago	
	News
	
253 Views Joy Behar and her fellow liberals on The View have been attacking Donald Trump every day for months. On Monday, however, Behar took things too far when she questioned his mental state and called for him to be impeached.Newsbusters reported that the women were discussing Nikki Haley’s weekend appearance on ABC where she was grilled by Martha Raddatz about Trump and Russia. Liberal nitwit Whoopi Goldberg said she was “freaked out” by Trump staying out of the fray when it comes to Russia, and North Korea, adding, “Isn’t somebody supposed to be in charge?”That’s when Behar chimed in to give her own ignorant opinion about Trump’s past statements on nuclear warfare:“The thing about Trump is, the things he has said seriously about nuclear weapons is quite frightening,” Behar said. “I’ll give you a couple. To Chris Matthews, he asked, ‘Why do we make them, he said, if we wouldn’t use them?’  Ok. The possibility of nuclear war between Japan and North Korea. ‘It would be a terrible thing. If they do, they do.’ Good luck. Enjoy yourselves, folks. He said he was open to nuking Europe because ‘it’s a big place.’”Behar then went into a truly deranged rant, calling him “nuts” and saying he needs to be “taken out of office.” She even had the nerve to compare him to North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un.“Why doesn’t everybody face it? He needs to be taken out of office. He needs to be impeached– [ cheers and applause ] He is a menace,” she barked. “You say Kim Jong Yum-yum is crazy? So is he. So is he. Get real. Come on. He is nuts and we’re in the middle of it!”Viewers immediately took to Twitter to let Behar know that she’d taken things WAY too far:@TheView Joy Behar is the one who is nuts, and should be fired. She is the main reason I don't watch the View.— Lynn (@lefbroom) April 3, 2017 commentsBest free WordPress theme








The Secret Service are constantly on high alert 24/7 protecting President Trump and his family since the liberal lunatics are dedicated to take him down. They have just uncovered a new threat outside the White House grounds, just 24 hours before President Trump was set to arrive.Multiple fence jumpers, suspicious packages, and other alarming finds on the White House grounds were just the start of a bigger picture that’s unfolding around the country to attack Trump. His Mar-A-Lago golf resort in Florida has been a target of violence as it has become his “weekend White House,” but now no property will be left unscathed after what was just found at the Trump National Golf Course in Sterling, Virginia.Police are investigating damage done over the weekend to a course at the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Virginia.Vandals dug holes in the 13th fairway of the club’s Championship Course, spray-painted parts of the course and poured a chemical, believed to be bleach, on the grass, according to the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office. Deputies found empty containers of bleach at the scene, the sheriff’s office said.The word “resist” was spray-painted on the fairway and symbols associated with anarchists appeared to have been spray-painted and dug into the course. Rocks on the fairway were spray-painted red and orange, according to the sheriff’s office.An investigation is under way.The president has visited Trump National twice in the last two weeks. On March 25, The Hill reported Trump held several meetings at the course clubhouse. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Reportedly, the Oklahoma City Thunder and Boston Celtics have agreed to a megadeal. Reminiscent of the Kevin Garnett trade back in 2007, this leaves a number of wide open spots on the Celtics’ roster.Sources say the trade will send Russell Westbrook to the Celtics for Boston’s PF Amir Johnson, PG Isaiah Thomas, C Kelly Olynyk, PG Terry Rozier, and finally SF Gerald Green. The Thunder are expected to soon announce players to be released.The highly secretive talks were resurrected after a falling out a few months back. Sources close to the situation say the deal must still be approved by league offices before being official announced to the public, but the deal IS expected to go through without a hitch.This deal provides a major upgrade to the PG position for the Celtics and the start of a great core starring Westbrook and of course, Al Horford — who the Celtics repeatedly refused to trade.Unlike Westbrook, it was only a matter of time before this passed.The deal likely came as a result of Westbrook’s increasingly disgruntled dealings with the Thunder ownership and their weak attempts at filling out the roster after the departure of Kevin Durant.Westbrook’s 3 year deal from a few months back was clearly to help make it easier for the team to secure a worthwhile trade.Sources also suggest the Thunder may be part of the NBA’s proposed international expanision. The team may be moved to Mexico City in 2018, for a week’s worth of food from a Tijuana taco truck.Stay tuned to the DailyLeak for more updates.








Can a US state really ban a mobile game?Yes, it can when the game is deemed a “threat to the general populace” or a “public menace” based around “a satanic cult” or “hate group”– according to state authorities who refused to be named.It all began on Wednesday when a man in Arkansas named Carter Bryn was arrested for playing Pokemon Go in a major Baptist church. The congregation erupted in anger upon the realization, claiming the game was “Anti-Christian and Aimed Towards Satanists.”Imagine the surprise when what initially appeared to be an unsubstantiated, dubious claim was confirmed by the game’s creator, Satoshi Tajiri. He agreed that the games are clearly tailored towards an anti-Christian sentiment or Satanism. Tajiri admitted as much in a candid interview stating:I mean, some could say that the game supports Satanism. I don’t officially celebrate it, but I can understand why people would be attracted to it.So there you have it. He also admits in the interview that the games were created as a backlash against his overly-Christian parents.In response, Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson denounced the game, claiming those who followed it were preaching hate, violence, and anti-Christian values. This simply would not be allowed in a state with a motto such as Regnat populus, meaning “the people rule” — and not some minority, devil-worshiping cult of miscreants.The ban, effective October 1st, will bring major fines down upon gamers who participate in any Pokemon Go related activities with the city limits of any city in Arkansas with a population over 2,000. The game will still be allowed in rural areas, so enjoy catching those Rattatas and Pidgeys.  Aside a from fine, anyone seen playing the game while driving could potentially be arrested and taken straight to jail. Do not Pokemon Go, do not collect 200 Digletts.This is not the first time Pokemon Go has been banned within a city’s limits, but certainly the first time an entire state has attempted such an endeavor. Des Moines, Washington is also making major strides in banning the game for fear it may be bring death and destruction to its fair town.Stay tuned to the DailyLeak for more important updates! 

        

        
            
            

    (function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "f7d23e60-2668-462f-b2a1-25151fee5050",
            d:  "ZGFpbHlsZWFrLm9yZw==",
            wid: "18990",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content-ad.net/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad18990").appendChild(s);
    })(document);








Kobe Bryant, never ready to turn down a challenge, has agreed to sign with the Golden State Warriors. No, not the Los Angeles Lakers. They are clearly no super-team, and nowhere near winning any sort of anything. Kobe “Bean” Bryant has chosen to only associate himself with greatness from this point forward.Bryant has agreed to suit up in a role better suited for the aging, nearly dead, former star of the world famous Lakers. The role, Bryant admitted, is part of a lifelong dream of his. A dream he’s held onto since he was only but a wee lad. To suit-up daily for a job reserved for only the best athletes, the most prolific of dunkers, and the goofiest of personalities.He knows it will be tough, but he wants only to assure his chance at a new Hall of Fame — for Mascots.Bryant has agreed, in part, to a contract rumored to be in the dozens. This deal will make him the NEW AND IMPROVED Golden State Warriors Mascot!After the Seattle Supersonics changed their name to “Thunder” and moved to Oklahoma City the Warriors have been stuck without a mascot. Theirs was also named Thunder and had to be eliminated. Bryant had been pining for the position with NBA Comissioner Adam Silver and Warriors owners Joe Lacob and Peter Guber throughout the waning years of his career. Finally, his wish was granted and he got the go ahead to create a new character called “The Black Mamba.”Stay tuned to the NBA. The season kicks off October 25, 2016, so get ready for some great Mamba action coming soon.








Late Thursday afternoon President Obama said in a speech to supporters that he wished to seek an unprecedented 3rd term as Commander in Chief. He cited his exemplary work at bringing the country back from the brink of economic catastrophe much like former socially minded, populist leader Franklin Delano Roosevelt.Obama expressed his discontent with the current level of Republican and even Democratic contenders for the Office of President. Ted Cruz he thought, lacks the forward thinking vision of a successful president. Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump he thought were too angry and lacked the personality of a member of the oval office.Flanked by a few of his most ardent Democrat supporters in Congress he announced the urgency to repeal a portion of the Constitution which forbids the president from seeking a 3rd term. Democrats have already pushed forth legislation which should accomplish just that.Obama stated:“I would put [my administration] up against any prior administration since FDR,” Obama said. “We didn’t ask for the challenges that we face, but we don’t shrink from them either.” He continued, “And the truth is, it will take more than a few years for us to solve challenges that have built up over decades. It will require common effort, shared responsibility, and the kind of bold, persistent experimentation that Franklin Roosevelt pursued during the only crisis worse than this one. That is why I wish to pursue another term, so that I may right the wrongs of past Republican leadership, and lead the country to a brighter future.”President Obama will issue an executive order later next week expanding presidential powers and eliminating the 22nd Amendment, according to news reports published by the AP and Reuters. Obama promised in his speech to ensure Americans understand the importance of defeating ISIS, sacrificing a degree of privacy for vital security, and to institute major Wall Street reform. Also on his agenda is a high speed rail system to be finished in 2020 and paid for by new stimulus money he will attempt to push through Congress in 2015. Socially Liberal Democrats and Progressives cheered the move as a major step forward to a more generous nation-state. Citing Republican obstructionism as the main culprit in his failure to implement these policies he promised us back in his campaign of 2008, he claimed a 3rd and possibly 4th term would give him more of the time he so desperately deserved.








“Back To The Future” is coming soon to a theater near you. Robert Zemeckis, director and original Back to the Future is reportedly completely on board.Christopher Lloyd said he would ‘love‘ to return to the trilogy that made him into a famous time-traveling scientist.  That would undoubtably be difficult given Lloyd’s current age of 77. Michael J. Fox is also 54, but both could possibly serve as mentors to a new set of younger actors.
Studio executives have been bombarding all three for some time about a full 3 film reboot. The success of Universal’s “Jurassic World” had reminded that the people who once pined after these original films are now a bit older, have a bit more money, and are desperate for the nostalgia of their youth.
“It’s making them insane that we don’t want to do another ‘Back to the Future,’,” Zemeckis said. His reason? He knows that a reboot would open big, but that’s all they care about.








Donald Trump, “the Moron with a Mouth,”  has grown tired of pandering to liberals, immigrants, and of course, Muslim extremists. Reports close to the President-Elect has said he is responding to HUGE security threats by personally selecting a group of rag-tag mercenaries made up of former military roughnecks and violent psychopathic criminals.The recruits will all be part of a secret government agency tasked with executing black ops missions. They will report directly to ‘The Donald’ himself.Trump reportedly said this to his generals:“I want to put together a team of very bad people who I think can do some good.”Emphasizing his business acumen, he also stated in a heated exchange with Defense Secretary and former General James Mattis:“Getting people to act against their own self interest is what I do for a living.”In exchange for their service, convicts will receive reductions in their sentencing based around the severity and difficulty of the missions completed.Anticipating some push-back from The Batman, Trump started an early campaign in 2013 to turn the Caped Crusader over to his side.Everyone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 18, 2013So far the move has panned out well. Batman still has legitimate concerns that a true supervillain may replace Trump in the White House, such as a Mike Pence or even Lex Luthor.








Bernie Sanders has reportedly come under the microscope of the political watchdogs as accusations concerning the source of his campaign donations have come to light.An undisclosed watchdog group is making waves stating that Senator Sanders received campaign donations from the likes of Socialist presidents such as Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro and Cuban President Raúl Castro.Reports suggest there is no single “smoking gun” showing these donations influenced Sanders’ in writing policy or legislation.Still, critics contend the donations are “clearly illegal” under federal and international law.In his view, a donation by a foreign government to a SuperPac backing Sanders while he’s running for President of the United States is similar to sending money directly to him given their power to influence elections.“The Constitution of the United States states explicitly that a politician cannot take money from foreign governments without explicit permission of the Congress. The danger of corruption in the election system is nearly ,” Greensblatt said. “You had a Senator who says he’s more the people and won’t take corporate money, all the while he’s taking funding from foreign Socialist governments.”He continued, “My point is they took money from foreign governments while he was a Senator. That is clearly criminal in nature.”Sanders had long parroted the ills of capitalism to wanting audiences, particularly the young. Earlier this year he stated, “You don’t necessarily need a choice of 23 underarm spray deodorants or of 18 different pairs of sneakers when children are hungry in this country. I don’t think the media appreciates the kind of stress that ordinary Americans are working on.”Sanders might want to pick up a copy of Economics for Dummies when he’s out an about promoting Marxist Egalitarianism.Sanders has not publicly voiced his support for the Venezuelan Socialist system but he has voiced his support for the British MP, and fellow socialist Jeremy Corbyn, who is not shy about his support for the deceased Hugo Chávez.








Russian President Vladimir Putin says that to avoid the increasing divide between America and Russia on the issues Bernie Sanders must become president.Taking a break from the situation in Syria, Putin found time to watch a replay of the democratic debate.“The clear winner was Sanders. Clinton side-stepped the real issues while Sanders showed his willingness to embrace change. He would be the best choice from all candidates running,” the Russian President stated.Vladimir Putin on Wednesday used RT to criticize the U.S. for failing in Syria and to voice his full support for Democrat Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who reportedly understood his own social and economic agenda.“We support the socialist government of America,” Putin said. Continuing, “Any 4th grade history student knows Capitalism has failed in every country, at every time in history. President Obama and his democrats are either idiots or purposely trying to destroy they own economy. And it’s my deep belief that any actions to the contrary in order to destroy the government will create a lawless situation which you can witness now in the other countries in the West.”Putin stated that Sanders must win to reduce gun violence in America and achieve lasting peace between their two countries.“When the state of Missouri deployed the National Guard to quell protests in Ferguson we were witness to American violence and destructiveness. Sanders, with his his experience, he can help them deal with their own extremists instead of creating new ones in Syria,” said Putin.We will have to wait and see if the Senator from Vermont can capture the nomination and the presidency.








(function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "72ed64d7-d456-4baf-bc1f-597c222c887c",
            d:  "ZGFpbHlsZWFrLm9yZw==",
            wid: "197261",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content-ad.net/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad197261").appendChild(s);
    })(document);

                    
        

        

        
            
            

    (function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "f7d23e60-2668-462f-b2a1-25151fee5050",
            d:  "ZGFpbHlsZWFrLm9yZw==",
            wid: "18990",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content-ad.net/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad18990").appendChild(s);
    })(document);








The Washington Wizards announced they are finalizing a sign and trade deal to acquire Kevin Durant from the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday morning. The trade will reportedly net the Thunder franchise significant picks and cash considerations.Rumors had been swirling since the summer that Durant’s frustration is in winning a championship. Sources say frustration with the team’s unwillingness to spend big in free agency also encouraged Durant’s early departure.Durant had unabashedly stated his interest in the Wizards in earlier interviews saying, “Believe it or not, I wanted to play for the Washington Wizards, that was my favorite team. They were a new team when I was growing up, so I wanted to be a part of that.”John Wall went out of his way to woo the star small forward from her former franchise:“We’re really close. And like I said, when the opportunity arrived to go ahead and throw a pitch at him, I had to take the opportunity to do it. I will love playing with him because I know how talented he is.”A representative from the Thunder released a statement saying, “We are honored and blessed to have worked with Kevin during eight wonderful seasons in Oklahoma City. We wish him the best in the future.”Durant is reportedly pushing Agent Jay-Z to build him up as a larger, worldwide brand. Seeing the reception Lebron received in returning to his hometown of Cleveland likely encouraged Durant to follow his lead and pursue a trade to his hometown team in D.C.








In a controversial effort to cut losses and get something out of their beleaguered, oft-injured quarterback owner Jerry Jones decided to donate Tony Romo’s body to science.Jerry Jones stated, “we valued our time with Tony, but at some point we have to make a business decision. There appears to be a profit in this and literally no revenue streams should be left untapped. At this time cutting up our losses and selling them to the highest bidder just makes the most sense. Going forward, Cassell makes the most sense. I only hope Matt understands the consequences of poor play.”The Dallas Cowboys are also considering bringing in 41 year old Terrell Owens, but for what we’re not really sure, possibly to replace the injured wide receiver Dez Bryant.Jones called Romo Wednesday to inform him that he would donated to Planned Parenthood so that his brain and organs could be harvested for science. Romo reportedly did not responded positively, even shedding some tears at one point, but realized it was the best decision for the organization going forward. Jones congratulated him for taking one for the team.Jones also stated he at one point wish to sign Tim Tebow but thought he might not agree with his recent business decision.








Fox, Disney, and Sony all own the movie rights to certain Marvel properties. Disney, who bought Marvel Entertainment back in 2009, controlled the majority of Marvel characters, but desperately wanted to acquire X-Men and Fantastic Four.Relations between Disney and Fox had been sour for some time up until recently when Disney made a deal to get one of Marvel’s most famous characters, Spider-man. We’ll see him first in the upcoming 2016 film Captain America: Civil War.In recent years Marvel Studios has been quietly moving to reacquire all its proprietary superhero characters such as Namor, Quicksilver, and the Scarlet Witch that it had sold off in order to avoid bankruptcy.Sources say it appears they’ve finally acquired the rights to the properties that had escaped their grasp.ScreenSlush reportedly sat down with Kevin Feige to talk about whether Marvel and Disney were now free to make an X-Men or Fantastic Four movie, and his answer was a resounding yes. Albeit with a caveat.It’s slightly more complicated than that. Let’s put it this way –we’ve removed some of the previous entanglements but there are still some hurdles to jump through. There are contracts that involve other parties. We now about the means to move forward with X-Men but there will still be dealings with Fox. As opposed to an Iron Man or Thor, where we can just throw them in, this is a little bit more complicated.Movie rights for the Marvel Cinematic Universe and related properties have become quite complex. No single studio owns the rights to all the Marvel characters. In this case it looks like 20th Century Fox has not given up rights to the X-Men and Fantastic Four franchises, but we could likely see crossovers in film similar to what we’re seeing with Quicksilver, the Scarlet Witch, and in the upcoming Captain America: Civil War movie starring Tom Holland as Spider-man.We will have to wait and see how Kevin Feige and the management at Marvel Studios choose to integrate their newly acquired characters into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.








A worry Seattle Seahawks fans have long been dreading finally came to fruition this morning. Anonymous sources the Seahawks sent SS Kam Chancellor to the Eagles for Center Jason Kelce and a 4th round pick.This move should help both teams solidify struggling parts of their respective squads. The Eagles secondary has given up too many big plays in the first two games of the season and the Seahawks have been struggling mightily in pass protection. Seahawks Drew Nowak may shift over to original position at defensive tackle. We could also see Malcom Jenkins move to his cornerback.“There’s been a lot of speculation regarding Chancellor being traded for the last few weeks,” an anonymous source stated. “The Seahawks and Kam Chancellor’s agent were simply to far apart on contract numbers.”Chancellor has shown little regard for fans on Twitter, blocking every fan who comments on his contract negotiations.Kam Chancellor’s blocking skills are so good on twitter he may consider coming back as an offensive lineman #Seahawks #liveonkomo— MIKE FERRERI (@MikeKOMOsports) September 16, 2015With Kam Chancellor coming back late in the season season there are some worries about him being in game shape, as well as his ability to quickly learn and help to improve the Eagles defense. Head coach Chip Kelly will have to grease the wheels to put the 0-2 team in serious playoff contention in the NFC East. Given the unfortunate injuries to Dez Bryant and Tony Romo overtaking the 2-0 Cowboys is looking a tad easier.In response Chancellor reportedly deleted his Twitter account then stomped his feet, flailed his arms around wildly, and threw a massive tantrum. Earl Thomas tried to get Kam to hug it out but Kam pushed him away.








Bill Belichick’s historic juggernaut that is the New England Patriots has searched far and wide for a quarterback to serve as Tom Brady’s replacement during the first 4 games of the upcoming suspension. From Tim Tebow, to Matt Flynn, to 45 year old quarterbacks, there don’t appear to be many options out there for this enigmatic franchise. Brady is expected to be out four games for his participation in #deflategate. He is currently appealing the decision with Commissioner Roger Goodell and the NFL. The penalty could be reduced to 2 games, or as fans hope, eliminated completely.In the meantime, Belichick needs insurance that his team will have a functional QB when the season starts. Aside from a couple otherworldly performances from Matt Flynn his career has a starter has been lackluster at best. This has left the Patriots’ head coach scratching his head and searching for creative answers. With the season slowly inching closer Belichick went back to the old NFL stalwart, Brett Favre.Per a league source, Favre has been released from the reserve/retired list. This allowed Favre to enter the waiver wire. Fortunately for the Patriots no other team even considered signing 45-year old Favre.The detailed are still be finalized but reports say he signed a heavily incentivized 1-year, $2.2 million dollar contract with New England. Most of his salary is dependent on his performance. The gunslinger will surely be prepared to conquer his foes on the field, ripped beard and all.Favre told reporters,“I can play,” Favre said. “As far as throwing. Of course, look at those ducks Peyton Manning throws in comparison to what I can do.” **flexes bicep**“Do I think I could play and lead a team? Look, no. But I could play. I could make all the throws I made before, I just couldn’t throw it near as far, but that never matters anyway.”








Stan Lee, long-time clairvoyant concerning everything in the Marvel universe, was hospitalized late Monday night after a long night on the set of Captain America: Civil War.Lee had been discussing the finer points of freedom, liberty, and true heroism with none other than Steve Rogers, or Captain America himself. Suddenly a flash! A bolt of lightning ripped out of the sky hitting him abruptly. Bang! The strike bounced off Lee and struck a container marked “Hazardous” releasing a burst of gamma radiation. This left the pugnacious Lee temporarily paralyzed. Why the actors were left on set in such precarious circumstances we may never know.Rogers quickly jumped into action and stopped Lee’s fall by catching Lee on his shield before he could hit the ground. An ambulance quickly arrived on scene and Rogers placed Lee into the back. In Rogers report he stated Lee had quietly moaned, “Excelsior!” before he shut the ambulance door.At the hospital in Atlanta, Georgia the enigmatic provocateur was placed into a containment unit in order to protect family, friends, and hospital workers from being exposed to any radiation. Although visitors were allowed into the late night their movements and interactions were strictly monitored.Around 2AM Lee insisted he be left alone for the night so he could get some rest. Reports show shortly thereafter, at around 3AM, a female figure with blonde hair, dressed in provocatively red attire appeared on the East wing of the hospital. She appeared not far from where Lee had been sleeping and appeared to be setting fires indiscriminately. Was she manifesting fire out of thin air?The figure made her way to Lee’s containment unit where she, possibly with the help of another, mysteriously moved from the hallway into Lee’s room without even opening a door. While there she administered a vial to the sleeping patient.An anonymous tipster called in at 6AM saying Lee would be visited by an Assassin known as Candra. However, it was too late. The deed had been done. It was too late to upgrade security. The local police and fire department had been too busy getting citizens to safety and putting out the growing fire.Lee woke up the next morning appearing fresh and considerably younger looking, albeit with a bit of a green hue, almost as if he’d been granted a new lease on life.








Hillary may have finally been stopped by the IRS of all agenciesWhat do Al Capone and Hillary Clinton have in common?On the surface, you would be correct in scratching your head and shrugging your shoulders; any of us would. After all, one is a notorious insider in the world of organized graft and corruption with allegations surrounding them of murders and ‘suicides’ to informants with scores of broken careers, lives, and blood on their hands. The other is Al ‘Scarface’ Capone, head of one of America’s most notorious prohibition era mobs.If you look with a discerning eye, similarities do emerge. Hillary Clinton was born in Chicago, Al Capone ran his underworld empire from there. Both grew up in the hard politics and life that is Chicago, Hillary in the elite circles, Capone buying off those in elite circles. Both have countless disappearances, mysteries, and deaths surrounding them.AdvertisementThere may very well be another link. A link that will astound and surprise many of you, the Federal Agency that ultimately hastens their downfall. It looks like that the very same agency that took down Capone in the 30’s when trafficking of alcohol, murder, and racketeering charges wouldn’t stick is potentially the same agency that will take down Hillary: the IRS.What goodies await us in The Clinton vaults?The Internal Revenue Service is investigating claims of ‘pay-to-play’ practices at the Clinton Foundation. Former prosecutor Katie Phang says an investigation such as this is usually serious but maybe not in this case. “Well, actually, normally I would say it’s pretty serious but we’ve seen with the whole Lois Lerner kind of email situation maybe it’s not going to be that heavy,” said Phang adding that the IRS should be as tough on the foundation as it would be with any other group.“Is the IRS really standing for the ‘Ineffective Review Service’ and not the Internal Revenue Service?  Is the tax exempt investigation that’s going to occur on the Clinton Foundation really going to reveal anything? Well, it should,” Phang told the FOX Business Network’s Ashley Webster.AdvertisementRep. Martha Blackburn (R-Tenn) has been leading a year-long push to investigate the Clinton use of funds which includes letters sent to the IRS and the FTC.For Blackburn, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is not a team builder. For over a year, Blackburn has been questioning the how the Clinton Foundation operates. She started with the IRS and followed up the Federal Trade Commission. “We sent a letter after the first of the year to the FTC asking about the charity [Clinton Foundation] and whether it was a scam charity,” she alleges that the Clinton Foundation gives about 15% of its donations to its missions far below the 50%-75%, other charities commit.“Interestingly enough what we heard back from them (FTC) was it was not a sham charity,” she added while noting that some charities have been shut down for giving less than 50%.At the Republican National Convention, she told FOXBusiness.com that the Clinton Foundation gives about 15% of its donations to its missions far below the 50%-75%, other charities commit. Despite her allegations, she said, “Interestingly enough what we heard back from them (FTC) was it was not a sham charity.”Advertisement“But is [IRS Commissioner] John Koskinen really going to look into the Clinton Foundation? It seems a little quid pro quo these days in terms of how the Clintons work with other people, so I’m not sure my confidence level is that high.” Conservative lawmakers are calling for Koskinen to be impeached for the way the IRS allegedly handled politically active nonprofits.In the end, Hillary is nothing more that a mobster in a pantsuitThe Democratic Party is no stranger to dealing with underworld elements. Rumors abound at the Kennedy Family’s ties to organized crime; there is the Daley’s of Chicago; Tammany Hall in New York; Jimmy Hoffa, the unions, and organized crime. So it would not at any lengths stretch the imagination to assume that the Clintons picked up a pointer or two on how to run a corrupt organization.When you think about it, one should be surprised if the DNC is not more run like an organized crime outfit. This past election cycle certainly showed that they know how to put the fix in and throw their own under the bus.Which brings us to the books and what may hide in the Clinton Vault.  Unlike the Geraldo Rivera episode on Al Capone’s vault, this one will reveal criminal collusion and conspiracy that could take down the current Administration (another Chicago alumni), several key corporate players from around the world and possibly right up to George Soros himself.AdvertisementUntil the IRS starts looking, we have no idea what goodies are hidden in their records. It will be earth-shattering, to say the least.Which makes it imperative that we install a new IRS commissioner, one that is not a lackey of Clinton of Obama; a commissioner that is dedicated to enforcing the tax code fairly and firmly, not inventing reasons to audit some while scrutinizing others as a form of political retribution.We need a strong IRS to track the trail of money, wherever it leads, willing to prosecute wrongdoing and blow the lid off all the secrets of the Clintons.Whether it is payoffs to Bill’s victims, pay for play access that nations and corporations that were corrupt bought to sway our government or even pizza sales, the whole unvarnished truth must be revealed. In the end, it will be revealed that Hillary Clinton is nothing more than a mobster in a pantsuit.Al Capone, Hillary and Bill Clinton, Barack Obama in this latest scandal involving the corrupt nature of Chicago-land politics and ways of doing business is falling victim to a saying of another Illinois politician, “You can fool some of the people all the time, and all the people some of the time. But you cannot fool all the people all of the time.”Abraham Lincoln is right in that regard, after 8 years of dirty dealing by the Obama’s and over 30 years of it from the Clintons, their attempts at fooling all the American people have finally starting to come to an end.Share:








Progressive liberal and Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos caught in bed with CIAWhen writing the 1st Amendment to the Constitution, one area of speech the Founders were specifically interested in protecting was that of a free press. They saw the press as a sort of fourth branch of government, one that would keep the “checks and balances” of the other three branches honest.However, over time the same press that was given protection has eroded into a propaganda machine driven by money and political agendas of those who own the media outlets. They have crawled into bed with the very entities they are to keep in “check” and bust out if corrupted.As such is the Mainstream Media today and one the American people no longer trust, and rightfully so given what is being exposed in recent years.AdvertisementThe majority of people do not know Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos purchased the Washington Post and is now the sole owner with no editorial board or ethical review committees to oversee the actions of Bezos as a publisher, much less the courage to stand against the new “boss.”It begs to question: How is Bezos connected to questionable intelligence leaks in recent months?What does he have to do with the sudden disruption of web services that kept millions from accessing whistle blowing website, WikiLeaks, during its explosive releases of state department cables?WikiLeaks Did A Lot Of Damage Against HillaryAdvertisementCables containing inside information revealing corruption within American politics linked to former secretary of state, and presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton.The majority of Americans do not know ‘leaked” CIA documents to undermine a new president and administration were leaked through the Washington Post first and after Bezos took the helm of “America’s newspaper.”Much worse and even more suspicious is the majority of the people have not been informed that Bezos landed a $600 million federal contract and by who? The CIA.The “deal” is for a computing cloud developed by Amazon Web Services (AWS). It also just happens AWS services all 17 agencies within the US intelligence community.AdvertisementAn unholy alliance in which Bezos stands to gain many more millions by pacifying and working with the CIA through his publication The Washington Post. “Leaks” and “information” Bezos will publish without question, without proper verification and journalistic sourcing.The CIA will now have its own propaganda publication to do whatever it likes in misinforming and manipulating the American people and the voters.Vital information intentionally withheld from the American people, as Bezos uses the Post to forge pocket lining government contracts while promoting his own personal political agenda.Is this lack of reporting of the Bezos/CIA partnership by the MSM the result of massive incompetency? Or a very well organized cover up within the MSM inner circle of four or five elitists who now own six companies that control over 90 percent of MSM outlets?The same outlets which through diverse company divisions own every television station and newspaper in this country with the exception of very small, weekly community publications and certain Christian networks. Even many of those community weeklies have been scooped up by larger publication divisions.AdvertisementAre we connecting the dots at each cross section of intertwining strings holding together this corrupt spider web? A vast interlocking network designed to lure and trap average American citizens into its carefully woven web of manipulation and deceit.The Washington Post is the most widely known and respected news outlet in the world, reaching more people than any other publication including the NY Times. It has always been the standard in which journalistic ethics are established and adhered to by other publications. It sets the example to be followed by the everyday journalists out there on the beat trying to do their jobs.By utilizing the internet and social media, the Post has literally millions of subscribers and followers reading and watching online video on a daily basis. It is the media center of the nation’s capital and the eye of the DC political belt.Control the Washington Post and you control the message; the MSM and the “agenda.”“The Post is unquestionably the political paper of record in the United States, and how it covers governance sets the agenda for the balance of the news media,” journalism scholar Robert W. McChesney revealed to Altenet.org in a December investigative article.“Citizens need to know about this conflict of interest in the columns of the Post itself,” he added.In the same article, a statement released by the Public Institute of Advocacy quoted McChesney as saying:“If some official enemy of the United States had a comparable situation — say the owner of the dominant newspaper in Caracas was getting $600 million in secretive contracts from the Maduro government — the Post itself would lead the howling chorus impaling that newspaper and that government for making a mockery of a free press. It is time for the Post to take a dose of its own medicine.”If this alliance between the CIA and Bezos isn’t illegal, then it is certainly unethical and displays a huge conflict of interest while also exposing the corruption existing within the MSM. The main sources of news and information Americans sought and believed, until the rise of alternative media outlets.Alternative sources of information the MSM bash and attempt daily to discredit as “fake news,” when “fake,” misleading and sometimes right out lies being spread across social media come out of the MSM and pseudo extremist left-wing sites erected simply to misinform and confuse the American voter.Soros Funds A Lot Of These Media SourcesMany Facebook pages and websites that have “popped” up over the past several years whose resources and money are being funded by George Soros’s well oiled “Media Matters” machine. Just one of many “nonprofit” organizations extending from his Open Society Foundation.Soros also has imbedded ties to many MSM outlets including The New York Times, the Associated Press, NBC and ABC and here it is again, the Washington Post. Readers are urgently encouraged to research Soros, his history and his worldwide organizations.Altnet also writes, “Amazon’s offer wasn’t the low bid, but it won the CIA contract anyway by offering advanced high-tech ‘cloud’ infrastructure.”So how is at a time government should be pinching pennies due to the increasing national debt, the CIA passed over lower bidders for the contracted services?The answer tracks back to the infamous blocking of the WikiLeaks website by Bezos’s company Amazon Web Services (AWS), a service Bezos personally and publicly brags is the most advanced and best high-tech “cloud” infrastructure on the market.“WikiLeaks was booted from Amazon’s webhosting service AWS. So, at the height of public interest in what WikiLeaks was publishing, readers were unable to access the WikiLeaks website,” reported watchdog group Fair in 2013.So why did AWS give WikiLeaks the boot? Most likely at the bequest of the CIA, whom Bezos has been doing business with since 2013 when the $600 million contract was awarded to AWS. Bezos also has close ties to the Clintons and backed Hillary in her failed run for the presidency, both in the 2008 primary campaign and in 2016 as the Democrat nominee.Bezos also publicly voices open contempt for President Trump, and his policies. He recently was behind the Washington challenge to Trump’s 90-day immigration ban and threatened suit himself in an email to his employees, as was reported on this site.Bezos, without any reference to stock holders input or lack of agreement, said he will put the full resources at Amazon to defeat the policy and implied his mission of taking down President Trump.Bezos led the charge against General Flynn using his solely owned Washington Post.It was Bezos’s Washington Post that first leaked documents and led the charge to discredit Trump’s national security advisor cabinet pick. General Michael Flynn was forced to resign due to the unverified information touted in the “leaks.” Flynn was cleared by the FBI of any wrongdoing in those leaks. But the damage was already done.In recent days, it has been revealed the CIA has full intention of attempting a coup to remove Trump from office, even though “The Donald” was democratically elected by American voters in a free election.And it appears in the CIA is in conspiracy with Bezos’s plan to use the Washington Post to achieve a mutual goal: to disrupt and destroy President Trump and his administration. A goal that has no regard or concern for national security or the safety and well-being of American citizens.Any impact on the average citizen, including possible loss of life by terrorist attacks is considered “collateral damage.”In an exchange of tweets on Feb. 15, John Schindler, former NSA analyst and national security columnist for the Observer answered a question asking what he thought was going on at the NSA right now. Schneider responded, citing a friend in the intelligence community reference to Trump:Now we go nuclear. IC war going to new levels. Just got an EM fm senior IC friend, it began: "He will die in jail."https://t.co/e6FxCclVqT— John Schindler (@20committee) February 15, 2017Which begs a bigger question than the unethical alliance between the CIA, Bezos and his Washington Post:Could Trump be impeached? Of is he in danger of befalling the same fate as President Kennedy? Being a previous “anti-establishment” president, Kennedy sought to disengage from the Vietnam conflict and dissolve the Federal Reserve, but was assassinated.Actions that directly impacted the CIA and wealthy elitists.Share:








Sick Bill Knows He Has Been ExposedLast night, October 10th, Donald Trump served and represented the Conservative party well during the second presidential debate. Friday, October 7th, a tape of Trump saying some unfavorable things magically surfaced before the big date was scheduled to air live.However, Trump didn’t let this phase him. He was confident, dominant, and displayed every quality a noble leader should when he was on stage against Hillary Clinton.Hillary Knows She Is In TroubleAdvertisementHe clearly mopped the floor with crooked Hillary, despite what CNN reports.Hillary Clinton said, “You know, it is uh, it’s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country.” Donald J. Trump nonchalantly replied, “Because you’d be in jail.”The crowd roared.We all know Trump is not the most politically correct individual and he thrives on speaking his mind. This is the reason he is favorable among many Republicans and appealing to undecided voters. However, the tape of Trump hitting on a married woman from eleven years ago made many Republicans worry Trump would retaliate against Clinton for campaigning against him, calling him a misogynistic, egotistic man.AdvertisementBut, something happened shortly after the old tape was released, something that has never happened before– Donald Trump apologized for what he has said.In a statement made by Trump himself, “The Donald” can be seen taking responsibility for his words. He owned up to something poor he said over a decade ago, humbling himself in the process, reminding us all that his adventures during this presidential campaign have helped him grow as a person.Working closely with blue-collared employees and listening to their grievances has helped him become a better man. You can see the sincerity but ferocity in Donald Trump’s eyes as he realizes what he has said years ago is wrong yet there is nothing he can do to change it.If that is the game Clinton is playing, then that is the game the Republican party should throw back in her face. Words said versus actions performed decades ago. Let’s see how the treatment of women pans out for Clinton and why she’s recently scrubbed the statement, “Rape victims have a right to be believed” off of her website (she plugs during each presidential debate).AdvertisementHillary could have retracted this statement given that Bill Clinton has assaulted many women and she destroyed a twelve year old rape victim in court years ago, but we are talking about the Clintons.Coming to light Friday NOT covered by the paid-off mainstream media is Juanita Broaddrick, a rape victim of Bill Clinton’s. According to Breitbart, Juanita was allegedly raped when she was thirty five years old in Arkansas. Her terrifying story sheds light to a gruesome attack by Bill Clinton and also Hillary Clinton, who tried to cover up, bully and intimidate the woman, attempting to ruin Juanita’s life. Hillary didn’t care that Bill was cheating or raping women and young girls, she only cared that he got caught and she had to clean up the messes.Juanita Broaddrick is not the only alleged victim of rape by Bill Clinton to step forward, Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey also made their presence known at Sunday night’s debate in St Louis, Missouri. All of these women testified that Bill Clinton forced himself onto them and bit their faces so hard that their faces were bruised and bleeding.AdvertisementTasteful, strategic and well thought out, Trump stood next to Hillary Clinton triumphantly as these four women looked at him as a knight in shining armor. He was going to slay the wicked witch who became a living nightmare for these victims of Bill Clinton’s sexual assault. Actions do speak louder than words, after all.Kathy Shelton, the twelve year old that Hillary Clinton called a liar and told the court “fantasized about older men” was also there, supporting Trump. No one asks to be raped and surely no one asks about the extremities of this then-child’s anguish of being beaten so badly and raped so viciously that the child fell into a coma for ten days and had to be “stitched up down there”. Kathy also was told after the incident that she would never be able to have children.She still cries about the attack to this day, but she is being strong, standing up for herself and rape victims everywhere in joining Trump at the debate. After Hillary represented the monster that raped Kathy when she was twelve, Hillary laughed in a recording, “He took a lie detector test! I had him take a polygraph, which he passed, which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs (chuckling and laughing).” These are the real words of an evil monster- these are words correlated with heinous actions we must be disgusted by.Let’s be real here, in 2005, Donald Trump was a business man and reality star king. He was not a politician and had no reason to care about what he said, he was just trying to fit in with the Hollywood crowd and never had to watch his steps. It’s very easy to be criticized by people like Hillary Clinton and her colleagues, who have been involved with politics nearly their entire lives and also by people that do not live an extravagant, billionaire lifestyle.Trump supporters feared that Donald Trump would bring up Bill Clinton’s past with alleged rape, getting involved in a messy back and forth with Clinton, taking attention away from the true topics and policies at hand during the second debate. Presidential debates are a platform to discuss economics and how to solve problems, not throw insults at one another like a five year old. Trump gave a stellar performance during the second debate, staying on topic and appearing to be very comfortable, not falling for Hillary Clinton’s bait. Trump is right- actions are louder than words and those four women being at the debate had a huge impact on the ambiance of the night.The first debate on September 26th was rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton. In the following video, you can clearly see the likes of a computer screen or teleprompter go off after the debate ends. Watch as the lights have already come on, people have already risen and then suddenly, her podium top fades into black. Trump’s podium never changes.A man quickly gathers things from Clinton’s podium, which is also slightly smaller than Trump’s, making her appear to be bigger and more powerful than she really is. Dressed in a bright red pantsuit, she definitely appeared larger than she normally does. They always say ‘watch out for the lady in red’.It is also suggested by major world pro poker player and other poker pros, Mike Matusow, that Clinton was signaling the moderator, Lester Holt, so Clinton could get her zingers in. It is also leaked that Clinton had the questions a week in advance and that the Clinton campaign intimidated Lester Holt or paid him off.She did seem rather confident and scripted and it is because the first debate was corrupt. It was like Trump did more debating with Lester Holt than he did with Hillary Clinton.All claims that Trump was domineering and creepily following Hillary Clinton around the stage to “intimidate her” are completely wrong and false. Trump was cheated out of the first debate and he did not want to be cheated out again. It is also safe to say this corrupt woman is paying $200,000,000 to slander Trump’s name and bring up distasteful things he’s said decades ago.Yes, decades ago, These remarks were made years ago, not yesterday.Words versus actions from years ago–who’s the true champion of women?Share:








Police Investigate Home Invasion in Wagoner County, Oklahoma (pictured above).Every citizen of the United States is endowed with the constitutional right to protect their property and family with a firearm. Despite this extremely wise piece of legislation, the authoritarian left seeks to have it destroyed. This is while they push for policies that would let more dangerous people into our country. They must be stopped. Guns are one of the few ways to really stand a chance against a home invader. The case in favor of ownership is extremely strong. Earlier in the week, a 23-year-old man, Zach Peters, saved his family from armed intruders by shooting and killing all of them with an AR-15. This was an excellent example of why the Second Amendment is important. Although the act was incredibly heroic, not everyone sees it that way. In response to the shooting, one of the deceased teens’ family members spoke out for the first time, calling it unfair. Leroy Schumacher, the grandfather of one of the people killed, spoke out against the killing. He argued it was unfair to shoot his grandson even though he had violently broken into a private residence armed with a weapon. By doing so, he appears to be taking the side of the intruders, despite the fact that they may have also been murderers, given the opportunity.AdvertisementSchumacher acknowledges the fact that his grandson made a terrible decision, saying, “what these three boys did was stupid,” but claims his grandson never got into trouble. When discussing the incident, he didn’t appear to take into account the fact that they outnumbered Peters three to one. Instead, he said, “brass knuckles against an AR-15, come on, who was afraid for their life,” suggesting the criminals did not stand a chance.But it’s not just the fact that they had brass knuckles. They also had a knife. Brass knuckles and knives are extremely dangerous. Both have the potential to kill someone very easily. But even if the intruders didn’t have any weapons, the family could’ve been killed by a single punch. On top of that, they outnumbered him three to one. Further, armed and violent intruders aren’t supposed to have a chance to do anything. They may use it as an opportunity to attack and kill.Not to mention that Peters was in his own home, which he has every right to defend with just about whatever means he sees fit. He chose an AR-15. Others, since it was a close-quarters encounter, may have chosen a handgun instead.AR-15, the rifle Zach Peters used to defend himself.AdvertisementAccording to the grandfather, “they knew they could be punished for it but they did not deserve to die.” Yet once again, this statement appears to not take into account the facts of the case. The very act of breaking and entering is enough to justify the shooting.But they didn’t just do that. The three teens also dressed themselves up to conceal their identity and look intimidating. It would have been frightening to see three strangers dressed in normal clothing. Seeing them all dressed in black, wearing masks and brandishing weapons, must have been especially terrifying. Sometimes people flee when they are afraid, and sometimes they react like an action hero, channeling their adrenaline into focus. The son of the homeowner responded with the latter. Also, the intruders displayed aggression by shattering the glass of the backdoor. Peters was reasonably afraid for his life and did what he had to do to protect his family from an immediate threat.Even so, Schumacher insists that “there’s got to be a limit to that law,” adding “I mean he shot all three of them; there was no need for that.” Yet it’s unclear what the grandfather would have preferred instead. The teens broke into the house wielding dangerous weapons, indicating they were willing to use violence if given the opportunity. If the son of the homeowner did not shoot, he could have been overpowered and killed by the three attackers.While it’s true the teens may have left if asked politely, it seems unreasonable to take on that risk. It would be tragic for an armed homeowner to be killed because they hesitated. The intruders are already in the guilty of a life-threatening crime. The lives of the innocent are not worth an attempt at diplomacy. If the situation was different, and three armed, masked intruders broke into his grandson’s house while he was still alive, would he still feel the same?AdvertisementWhat’s worse, the grandfather blames Peters, the victim of the crime, for the suffering of the felons’ families. “These boys’ families are going to suffer with this the rest of their lives, we have to live with this the rest of our lives,” he argues.But blaming the homeowner for the pain caused by the teens’ decision to break the law is reprehensible. The burglars aren’t just to blame for the attempted crime or the duress experienced by the homeowner. They’re also responsible for causing their own families suffering. Their actions led to their deaths, which not only affected them, but their families as well. They behaved in a way that put their lives at risk and showed no consideration for their loved ones. Their families have to live with the consequences of their actions.However, despite the loss of family, Schumacher is somewhat optimistic. “You can’t change history, but you can damn sure learn from it, and maybe some kids will learn from this,” he reasons.Peters is not expected to be charged for the shooting on March 28th. He clearly acted in self-defense. The three teenage thugs made the decision to find a house to break into. They then drove to a seemingly peaceful neighborhood and found a house to loot. Before the robbery, they donned masks and gloves and wore all black. They also brought brass knuckles and a knife in the event they met any resistance. They then drove to the house and trespassed onto the family’s private property, making their first mistake. Their second mistake was smashing the glass of the backdoor, waking the son of the homeowner, who immediately armed himself. Their third and final mistake was actually stepping foot into the house. AdvertisementZachary Peters, Criminal Justice Student and Part Time Action Hero.Upon breaking the glass of the backdoor, the three teens woke up Peters, who grabbed his AR-15 and raced to investigate. What he saw next terrified him. In his home, where he expected to feel the safest, were three armed burglars. Outnumbered, and in imminent danger, he shot and killed all three of them.Peters was rightly in the comfort of his own home, which he has every right to defend from intruders, and the invaders carried weapons, causing the family to be in imminent danger. The worst thing that the teens did was step foot inside the house. That’s really the only thing that matters and the main reason why the son of the homeowner was justified in shooting the potential killers.When someone breaks into a house and the homeowner is there, it tends to go one of two ways. The outcome usually depends on whether or not the homeowner has a gun. This means that the situation could have been much different if the authoritarian left successfully destroyed the Second Amendment. If a person doesn’t have a gun, the outcome doesn’t tend to be in their favor. However, if a person does have a gun, the situation usually ends much differently.If Peters didn’t have a gun, he could have been overwhelmed. They already demonstrated poor decision making by breaking into the house. It seems to follow that they could’ve easily made more poor decisions if they had the opportunity, such as murdering the family. The family could have easily been beaten to death. Or worse, they could’ve been killed with the knife.An accomplice to the group was waiting in the getaway car and managed to escape the scene, abandoning the others. She later turned herself into police claiming to have planned the entire operation. Authorities reported that the group broke into the house after first burglarizing another part of the same neighborhood earlier. Information about a fifth person, who investigators say is a witness, has yet to be released.The identities of all four are now public. The three that were killed were 19-year-old Maxwell Cook, 17-year-old Jacob Redfern and 16-year-old Jaykob Woodriff. The getaway driver was Elizabeth Marie Rodriguez, a 23-year-old mother of three. After being arrested, she showed remorse and appeared to understand why Peters reacted the way he did. Specifically, she said,  “I know what we did was stupid and wrong. I don’t blame him. … I understand why he did what he did. I mean, I do to an extent.”The three that were killed were 19-year-old Maxwell Cook, 17-year-old Jacob Redfern and 16-year-old Jaykob Woodriff. The one that fled was Elizabeth Marie Rodriguez, a 23-year-old mother of three.Despite the desperate attempts by the authoritarian left, the right to bear arms must be protected. Liberals advocate for policies that would leave the most vulnerable incapable of leveling the playing field. They’ll be unable to defend themselves or protect their families and loved ones. The grandfather of the dead felon only makes things worse by bringing up legislation that puts more lives at risk. Share:








In Russia, 14 people were killed and at least 40 injured in a blast tied to Islamic radicals.It has been the drive of the left and Democrats to say, “Russia did it,” or “blame Russia,” for every problem common today. If Trump wins the election, Putin did it. If Trump talks about peace with the former Soviet state, it is because the claw of the Bear controls America’s president, and so on. At this point, if it rains, is too hot, too cold, or too gray, it is all the fault of the Russians! The problem with this line of thinking is that it hides the real threat in the world: radical sharia Islam. While nuclear war is never off of the table as long as Putin is in power, Muslims are the ones who are focused on killing everyone. If Russia and America are thought of as two gunshots firing back and forth, radical Islam is a grenade that takes them both out.The Russians have learned this awful truth as news today shows that those who bombed St. Petersburg this week were tied to that very form of Islam. It was not the “evil Mr. Trump” or America that killed 14 innocent people and injured about 40 others, but once again those who claim to teach peace. This fact has been reported by the Russian news agency, Interfax, who said that law enforcement investigators found evidence of a suicide bombing.Russia has been seeing both threats of terror and horrendous acts for quite some time.AdvertisementBreitbart News is reporting that “Kyrgyzstan’s security service GKNB” has named the suspect as Akbarzhon Jalilov, a “22-year-old Kyrgyz-born Russian citizen.” This could prove a point of contention because, just as in Orlando, when some of those involved are native to the nation, then it is not an “Islamic” problem to those on the left. Then again, except for some mad abortion clinic bombers “for Christ,” how many religions blow things up with the consistency of sharia Islam? To ask this question may be against political correctness, but it must be asked just the same. Then again, since there seems to be also evidence of help from ISIS, according to GKNB, then the argument may prove moot.Kyrgyzstan was once under the rule, it is noted, of the Soviet Union. This persisted until 1991 when they became sovereign, and while they are a majority Muslim nation, the remain a close ally and friend to Russia even today. This is true even though Russia is largely made up of Christian Russian Orthodoxy practitioners, not Islamists. Roughly six million people reside in the nation and those close ties are why Kyrgyzstan has security forces “maintaining contact with the Russian secret service for further investigation.” It is clearly in the best interest of that nation to find any parties still living and to bring them to justice.How much terror must Russia and the U.S. see before the find peace through a common enemy.We know that supporters of ISIS were in full celebration mode once news of the senseless attack hit the news cycle and began to trend online. Just as we saw on 9/11 when jubilance took over many Muslim communities after the towers crushed 3,000 people (some who were Islamic), so we are seeing it again. This will come into play when nations begin to ponder why countries all over the world are opening their borders to a religion that has so many unstable people in it. Innocents need to be saved, but clearly, they need such a rescue to happen in their own nations because the current system seems to be failing terribly. Not just because this may have been done by refugees (we have no proof of that), but because radical Islam is spreading like bed bugs.AdvertisementOne ISIS supporter even proclaimed proudly that the attack was due to Putin supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assa as he wages war against the evil caliphate. The same Breitbart article then mentions that ISIS put out a video showing an explosion being seen through by a radical terrorist with the words, “kill them where you find them” as its grim message. Also, what is being called “Russia’s transport infrastructure” has suffered countless attacks from the terror cell recently.There is no sign whatsoever that ISIS aggression is being tamed by Putin’s actions alone.This shows that our modern world can go in either two directions. We have spoken before about how the Pilgrims only bested the Indians in massive numbers because the Native American’s were already fighting many wars between themselves. They were too divided to unify against the English threat. There were so many more of them than there were of the settlers that victory should have been fiercely assured. Due to divisions (more than gunpowder or smallpox), the Indian’s lost.Today, Russia and America could turn ISIS into something similar to what would be left of an anthill after a jackhammer was used upon it. We would not even need to hint at the words, “nukes.” There would not be so much as a bomb wick seen in Syria nor Iraq for the next fifty years after the clean up was done. Best of all, innocent Muslims (who DO really exist) would not be slaughtered as they lived side by side with Coptic Christians and others. It would take no more than a handshake and a bit of humanity between Putin and Donald Trump. After that, it would take, what, six months? With such a duo fighting, maybe even less.AdvertisementIn words, the two leaders agree. Now ISIS must cease or be stopped by deeds and actions.Trump is a man who wants wars to end again. He wants ticker tape parades and soldiers kissing maidens in the street. The last thing that he wants is for a long, drawn out war in the Middle East to start costing too much for him to make America great once again. Therefore, the dominoes are all in a line. It is as if some great cosmic hand has allowed the two strongest powers on the globe to suffer the same terror from the same evil at the same time. The mirror that stood in front of Don Quixote was not so vivid as that which we are looking into now. There are two choices; we either unite to stop a common enemy or we all get used to praying whilst facing East to a god who is alien to our culture. If this is doubted, one need only ask the Native Americans.Share:








This home had their American Flag set on fire in Phoenix, Arizona.When someone works hard and puts a great deal of their effort into something, it matters. Regardless of what the work has gone into, whether it be a family restaurant or perhaps many years of service that someone has put into one company, it is important. These efforts are a testimony to their lives. This applies to sports legends and astronauts, as well as to plumbers and tree-trimmers. That said, effort matters to no one more than to the men and women who choose to sign up (and those formally drafted) to serve the United States of America via the armed forces. This truth was lost on some unappreciative flag burners who set Old Glory on fire as if it were a candlewick at the home of a veteran in Phoenix, Arizona.KPNX-TV has reported that on Saturday, Marine Vet Brian Ellison awoke to find the burned up remnants of his flag that had been flying proudly in front of his home. Sad pieces of cloth were littered about his driveway as the only evidence of the crime, something that will make the arsonist all but impossible to find. “[sic] There’s two big pieces that you feel when you see something like that,” confessed Ellison, “You’re sad, and you’re mad. There’s not a lot that you can do about either one of them. So I came home and put another flag up.”Flag burner targets Ahwatukee couple https://t.co/UOkjfk35dB pic.twitter.com/cIiXCDKzsJAdvertisement— 12 News (@12News) April 2, 2017While the police in Phoenix have been notified and a report has been filed, it remains to be seen what, if anything, can be done. His wife, Lisa Ellison, said that upon seeing the disgrace, her husband looked “like somebody shot him. He just was devastated that somebody would do this.” While no political motive has been mentioned, it is true that flag burners have been seen more often since the rise of Trump by the left that hates him. It is happening more and more, including at the RNC, at Democratic protest spots all over the nation and other areas.While disrespect of the flag has always been a part of us (unfortunately), it has never been more common than it is today. While it is their flag to burn if they so choose, it should ALSO be the businesses right to refuse service to such people, too. It seems that such real freedom of expression like THAT would be “offensive” to the “sensitive” flag burners.AdvertisementRegardless of the motive, this dangerous prank (which is also what it may have been) happened in what Fox News is calling a quiet neighborhood. “The flag means everything to me,” the brave veteran said, “When you say your oath and you join the military you stand in front of that flag when you raise your right hand. When we lose a service member or a veteran dies we put it on the casket.” That means, be this protest or prank, someone has all but spat in the face of someone who risked their lives to keep them free.Whether as malice or as a misguided joke, this was a dangerous and vile act.Let us imagine for a moment that Mr. Ellison had seen the act as it was in progress and drew a weapon. What if he even used a weapon? Beyond the justified rage that one would feel upon seeing the action in motion, what is the just reaction to setting a man’s house on fire with his family inside? The left would argue that such violence is uncalled for, but they would never address the rights of the actual victim in doing so. The fact is that there are these kinds of thoughtless people shot every day, such as the news last week in Oklahoma where a band of wayward teens broke into a home and were shot dead. Today, the getaway driver faces murder charges and there are a lot of unhappy families trying to come to terms with compounded tragedies.We all know that Donald Trump signs were vandalized during the election season (this author’s experience) and that property which was pro-Trump saw attacks quite often. We also witness a large number of silly “Tom Foolery” kind of pranking that see’s countless Baby Jesus’s stolen from mangers and put on Harley’s every year, so not everything has malice as the motive. Many acts have general stupidity as a motive, something that no one’s life is immune to. Still, to show such a terrible disgrace to not only safety, but pride, this is a crime that must stand out from the pack.AdvertisementIn Oklahoma, this getaway driver is facing murder charges when their home defiling plans went astray. This could be how those in Phoenix meet their end if they are not halted.It can be hoped that Ellison and his wife will also install some security camera’s in and around the home, though at this time no statement on the matter exists. Either way, those who committed this act likely did not read about the above stated Oklahoma story in between sitcoms and reality shows. Such a person is not likely to see the report on Fox News, either. Due to that, they may not know that homeowners in Phoenix have read the papers and seen the news, however, and they are now ready for anyone that comes to potentially burn their home down with them in it. The result of this could be quite tragic, yet another reason for those who have done this to be found, if possible. Their lives may depend upon knowing that NOW is the time to stop, while they are still alive.If this was a political protest of some kind, then it is even more vile. Purposeful thoughtlessness is far worse than pure simple-mindedness, and at that level, one can argue that it is attempted murder. If someone is engaged in the process and following the laws and news cycle enough to know what they are doing with intent and to attack a veteran, then they know enough to be considered more than teenage pranksters drunk off of their first acquired beer. If protesters on EITHER side are EVER let off lightly due to it simply being “a form of political protest,” then we are in for some dark, dark days, indeed.Phoenix, Arizona, (pictured) is a city that is now alerted to the flag burners who defiled a veterans house.With the attention from Fox News, KPNX-TV, the Conservative Daily Post, and others, hopefully, these fire-starters can be found. Such people often boast of their crimes, so it can be reasoned that Phoenix home dwellers have a better than average shot at this leading to an arrest. If not, then there are some very foolish people at large in Arizona who are not only putting tenants and homeowners at risk, but themselves as well.ANYONE WITH INFORMATION ABOUT THE CRIME MAY CALL THE PHOENIX POLICE AT Call 602-262-6151Share:








Trump is not done fighting to keep his promise of “great healthcare” for the American people. He has not forgotten his word.One of the many baseless accusations that are often hurled at President Donald Trump is that he is rigid; an unmovable man. This is a common thing said about many men with conviction, and while it is true on a macro level, it usually is not true on a micro one. While Trump may be utterly unmovable on his pledge to shred every word of Obamacare to confetti, he is not as planted on how it is to be done.The fact is, even the most diehard supporter of the President will declare that despite the red hat still being proudly worn, “Ryancare sucked.” Thankfully for us all, Trump is not the man portrayed by the media, but one that is open to fixing the healthcare problem in other ways, since it remains. After all, Trump had no hand in the construction of “Ryancare,” a fact that the MSM loves to purposefully overlook as they blame the President for its failure.Some say that Trump is a businessman and not a politician (a fact that his base adores), but then again, former President Barack Obama was not a doctor. That fact did not stop him from playing one while in office and giving America the blight on healthcare called “The Affordable Care Act.” Trump is taking the smarter approach and using his business mind to do what business giants do, and that is to consult those who know how to tackle a problem when one arises. This is how Dr. Rand Paul (R-KY) ended up on the president’s golf course to talk about the repeal and replacing of Obamacare. This happened in spite of the fact that Paul was one of the most vocal opponents to Ryan’s plan.AdvertisementSome in the media predicted that Trump and Paul would never golf again as they had in times prior following sour campaign words. Thankfully, that is not the case.Trump could not have chosen a better person to tee off with, since not only is Dr. Paul a PhD, but so was his father, liberty legend, Ron Paul. It is not a secret that while the President and Paul have golfed together before, things soured during the campaign with short jokes and abortion talk destroying Paul’s run. Still, it was Paul who supported Trump the loudest during the fake Russian sex news row, something that Trump likely remembered. It showed that he could count on Rand Paul to be fair in his praise or condemnation apart from any bickering that happens. Not only that, but from a business perspective, members of the Paul family are some of the most knowledgeable doctors in American politics. As such, they know what works for both care and costs. More importantly, they know what does NOT work.America’s leader had just tweeted his assurance to the people that talks about repeal/replace were going on and that those talks “will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.” He also declared that anyone who thinks that the deal is “dead” is someone who “does not know the love and strength in R Party!” In the end, even though such matters as healthcare are meant to be state’s issues FAR removed from the burdensome hand of the federal government, having the best medical minds in Congress crafting the language is vital.For that reason, even Constitutionalists can be happy that such a man as Rand Paul is getting a say in this. It can be imagined that Paul may golf his worst game ever as he pleads his case; a humorous thought when one considers how animated Rand can become. It is not often that a libertarian-leaning mind gets the President’s ear for such a long time. America needs the Dr. at his very best here.AdvertisementBudget Director Mick Mulvaney (pictured) was also on the greens with Rand Paul and Donald Trump.White House spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham said that the president talked about some policy ideas with not only Dr. Paul, but also budget director, Mick Mulvaney. This is why so many of the people who make up the Trump base are delighted with the fact that he IS a businessman. While it may be nice to allow every facelift, abortion and tummy tuck to happen on the government’s dime, it is just not practical.That kind of “be nice to everyone at any cost” mindset is why a decent man like Bernie Sanders was betrayed by the religious base of which he would count himself a member. It may sound nice to give everyone as much as they need for free, but the facts are different. Those realities say that care must happen to those that need it before they are wasted upon those that want them, or the system shall crash. We are already seeing the failing caused by the overextension of government promises with Social Security and Obamacare itself.Dr. Rand Paul (pictured) will have ideas that will make the American healthcare system much stronger. Look for states to compete, for instance, under Paul’s vision.AdvertisementPaul saw the failing of Ryancare as a “great day” for the President because it saved him seeing “his” failed healthcare plan replacing Obama’s. Replacing “awful” with “not as bad,” so to speak, is not what Dr. Paul felt was the best that America could offer. “I continue to be very optimistic that we are getting closer and closer to an agreement on replacing Obamacare,” he said.In an article that appeared Sunday in the Financial times, it is reported that Trump said “I don’t like to lose. But that wasn’t a definitive day. They are negotiating as we speak.” In other words, the battle is lost, but the war shall be won! Just as he did not win all Primary States to secure his nomination, he need not win every attempt to secure an overall victory. These are life lessons for a country who has lost her way. This is why he said also, “I didn’t want to take a vote. It was my idea. One way or the other, I promised the people great health care. We are going to have great health care in this country.” His base needn’t lose hope, his promises were made to be kept.Trump tweeted this message to his loyal fanbase who were promised “great healthcare” via repeal and replace.We have nothing etched in stone about what Trumpcare 2.0 shall be, but we do know that everyone is hearing from furious voters that Trump promised a REPEAL and that what Paul Ryan delivered did not cut it. Ryan’s bill just amended the healthcare act, something which would only delay its collapse. The people have chosen to allow the federal government tinker with healthcare, and they are demanding that it be both reasonable in cost and effective in nature. For that happen, it is important to talk to doctors, not politicians. Even a “dumb” businessman knows that.Share:








Wreckage of St. Petersburg train station after explosion of shrapnel briefcase bomb.Today one bomb went off in an underground train in St. Petersburg, Russia. It has been reported by Russia’s Anti-Terrorist Committee that 10 people have been killed and that 50 or more have been injured, some grievously. Authorities and citizens jumped into action in the smoke-filled subway station, coming to the aid of their fellow citizens.The amount of injuries indicate that this was a somewhat crowded train car, perhaps a commuter train.RATC has also confirmed that there was another bomb found on another train that did not detonate. Teams were sent in to disarm the bomb and did so successfully.AdvertisementDestruction of the train car.All 62 St. Petersburg metro stations are now closed. The city is on high alert, knowing they may have caught a break with only half of the bombs working.The train car, on its way to the Technical Institute, exploded between stations. Windows blown out, the metal doors of the train nearly blown off; the force of the bomb was extreme.It is currently being reported that the explosion was caused by a briefcase bomb.AdvertisementThere are reports that the bombs were filled with shrapnel. The means that the severity of some of the injuries could be fatal and thus the death toll could climb. One eyewitness described victims of the attack as being ‘mutilated’.CCTV has released an image of the suspected attacker. The man’s image was captured by security cameras in the St. Petersburg train station. Pictured here, the alleged attacker dons a beard and a cap.#ЭКСКЛЮЗИВПубликуем фото предполагаемого террориста, устроившего #взрыв в #метро Петербурга: https://t.co/6IYGIorlFV pic.twitter.com/6Po3RCy46f— РЕН ТВ | Новости (@rentvchannel) April 3, 2017AdvertisementThe Governor of St. Petersburg has come out and said, “Law enforcement authorities and all city services are doing everything necessary….In this difficult time we all need to support those who lost their loved ones. I ask all Peterburgers and guests of our city to be vigilant, attentive and careful.”President Vladimir Putin has also made a statement, “The causes are not clear, it’s too early. We will look at all possible causes, terrorism as well as common crime.”Putin is scheduled to be in St. Petersburg today.Putin happens to be in St. Petersburg today for a meeting with the President of Belarus. One is left to wonder whether there is a connection between Putin’s presence and the attack or if they were merely coincidence.AdvertisementThough no terrorist organization has claimed responsibility, and Russian authorities are not ruling out other criminal possibilities, this attack would fit with the trend of previous terror attacks in Russia.In 2004, male suicide bombers blew themselves up in a Moscow Metro station, killing 41 Muscovites.In 2009 there was a deadly attack on a high-speed train going through Russia. In this attack 27 people were killed. The cause of the derailment and the deaths was a homemade chemical bomb.In 2010 two women suicide bombers, sometimes known in Russia as ‘shahidka’, or ‘black widows’, attacked Moscow Metro. The results were 40 deaths and 100 injuries. These women were Muslim.Volgograd was targeted in 2013, their transportation was attacked on two consecutive days by ethnic Russians who converted to Islam. On December 29, one man attacked a train station. On December 30, another man attacked a trolleybus. Thirty-two people were killed in total and 85 more were injured.The 2016 assassination of the Russian ambassador by a Turkish national.Most recently, at the end of 2016, Russia’s ambassador to Turkey was assassinated while giving a speech at a museum in Istanbul. This attack was a lone-wolf, an off-duty police officer, who shot the ambassador in the back. The assassin called out ‘Allahu Akbar’ and screamed that the Turks should never forget what the Russians have done in Syria.Putin’s responses to these attacks have been verbally strong. He denounced, immediately, that the assassination was a terror attack.In 2013, Putin responded to the Volgograd attack with, “We will strongly and decisively continue the battle against terrorists until their total annihilation.”Putin continues to wage his battle against terrorists, both foreign and domestic, who appear to have struck again today in the heart of Russia. In the coming hours, we will find out if the culprit is the Chechens who have repeatedly attacked Russia, or if this attack has something to do with Russia’s involvement in Iraq and Syria.We can be sure, if it becomes clear that this was a terrorist attack, that Russia’s leader will signal that his country does not have tolerance for terrorism and his intentions to eradicate it from Russia’s midst. Time will tell if he is able to keep his promise this time.The rest of the world watches the events unfold today and recognizes that the tide of terrorism is not ceasing. These sorts of attacks may continue for the foreseeable future if nothing is done.Share:








Donald Trump called the dossier “fake news” and Buzzfeed “a failing pile of garbage.”Cyprus-based Russian businessman Aleksei Gubarev is suing Buzzfeed for defamation after they published an unproven 35-page dossier linking him to a supposed conspiracy theory. It claimed that Russian intelligence attacked the computers of Democratic Party leadership and blackmailed Donald Trump with lurid sex tapes. The suit alleges that Buzzfeed has done personal and financial harm to himself, his wife and his companies.At the time the complaint was filed, the dossier had been viewed 5.9 million times. Gubarev’s attorneys wrote that Gubarev “has found his personal and professional reputation in tatters” and that his wife has received harassment online.Gubarev runs a business of considerable scope. He is chairman and CEO of XBT Holdings, which owns Webzilla Inc., a Dallas based web hosting company. Gubarev operates 75,000 computer servers total worldwide. Both companies are mentioned in the dossier.AdvertisementGubarev denies all allegations contained in the dossier. He told the McClatchy DC Bureau that despite his role in the dossier no United States authorities have contacted him. With a vast global array of servers, Gubarev is highly aware and sensitive to any hacking or cyber-attacks against him.Tucker Carlson confronted Ben Smith, editor of Buzzfeed News, over his decision to publish the dossier.The dossier alleges that Gubarev’s companies, XBT Holdings and Webzilla Inc., used “botnets and porn traffic to transmit viruses, plant bugs, steal data and conduct ‘altering operations’ against the Democratic Party leadership.” The dossier also claims that Gubarev was “recruited under duress by the FSB.” The FSB is the intelligence organization that succeeded the KGB after the fall of the Soviet Union. Gubarev’s attorneys assert that these claims are wholly false.This is the same dossier that includes the now infamous “golden showers” claim. It says that while in Moscow in 2013 Donald Trump paid Russian prostitutes to urinate on a bed that Barack and Michelle Obama had slept in, supposedly as a way of expressing his deep hatred for the Obamas. The dossier claims that Russian intelligence is holding proof of this occurrence over Trump’s head, compromising his ability to act in America’s interests as President.AdvertisementThere is no proof for the validity of the material in the dossier, and the document has been widely viewed as a complete fabrication. Nonetheless, it has provided fodder for Donald Trump’s enemies to make insinuations against his character and his loyalty to the country.In March 2016, a Florida jury awarded pro-wrestler Hulk Hogan $115 million in damages. He successfully sued Gawker Media for violation of privacy after they published a sex tape that damaged his career. This court decision led Gawker to close down the same year. It later turned out that tech-giant Peter Thiel, who is now an advisor to Donald Trump, donated $10 million to help fund Hogan’s case against Gawker, which outed Thiel as a gay man in 2007. Also according to Thiel, Gawker “ruined people’s lives for no reason.”Hulk Hogan was awarded $115 million by a Florida court in a lawsuit against Gawker.Gawker and Buzzfeed are similar types of outlets, and this could be an interesting case to watch, as a successful businessman goes after this media company for publishing rumors damaging to his career. It was a Florida jury that sided with Hogan, and Gubarev’s legal team is fighting to pursue the lawsuit in Florida. Buzzfeed wants to have it proceed in New York. Gubarev’s attorneys contest that request in their latest filing, arguing that there is grounds for conducting the trial in Florida and that Buzzfeed simply wants a New York court because it will be more favorable to them.AdvertisementBuzzfeed News Editor Ben Smith, who made the decision to publish the dossier, defended his decision by saying that the public deserved to have access to this information. He argued that because many people in the media and government had seen the dossier, and certain people were referring to it as evidence, the public ought to see it too.It is an interesting argument, and it is worth keeping in mind that the obviously false nature of the document undermines the credibility of news organizations and people in government and the intelligence community who were treating it as serious. It arguably helps Donald Trump in the long run to have this absurd document exposed.On the other hand, its release has implanted the meme into the minds of committed opponents and haters of Trump that he really is compromised by the Russians. And when someone wants to stoop low in slandering the President, they can allude to this dossier. It would be absurd to think that Ben Smith did not know that releasing this document would do damage to Donald Trump, even if there are some potential upsides for Trump.There is of course no potential upside for the Russian businessman Gubarev.During a press conference Donald Trump called Buzzfeed a “failing pile of garbage.” The non-news side of Buzzfeed has produced divisive, aggressively anti-white content.AdvertisementThe dossier was put together by former British intelligence agent Christopher Steele, and given to the FBI by Sen. John McCain (R-AZ). Steele is the director of London-based Orbis Business Intelligence. Steele was an officer for MI6, the foreign intelligence agency of the British government. He has declined to be interviewed by newspapers. He was born in Saudi Arabia, and was known as a “confirmed Socialist” during his days at Cambridge University. He was recruited straight out of Cambridge into MI6 and worked as an agent in Moscow.The way the dossier came into being reveals the widespread bipartisan fear of Donald Trump winning the election. This intrigue with the dossier and the continued promotion of the Trump as Russian agent narrative are indicative of the deep institutional resistance to Donald Trump. He is a total outsider with many policy goals that go against the establishment grain, which helped him become President.Concerned parties in the Republican party during the primary process contacted the private research firm Fusion GPS to do research on Trump to look into possible connections between Trump and Russia. After Trump secured the nomination, Democrats took over the financing of the Fusion GPS opposition research, suggesting significant closeness between certain Republicans and Democrats. After the Democrats took over the operation, Steele was contacted to do research. Steele then passed on his research to both British and American intelligence.Later on, the British Ambassador to Moscow alerted John McCain to the existence of the dossier, who obtained it and passed it on to FBI director James Comey. A two-page summary was presented to then-President Barack Obama and President-elect Donald Trump in meetings with intelligence heads.John McCain played a key role in promoting the dossier within the government.The consequences of Republicans and Democrats working together to produce this dossier will continue to play out for President Trump and for Russian businessman Aleksei Gubarev. Patriots can only hope that any wrongdoers in this debacle face consequences as well.Share:








Utah governor is pleased with confirming a 120-year-old law.As early as 1862, the United States had deemed polygamy a crime. In Utah, where approximately two-thirds of the population is Mormon, plural marriages have been a felony since it became a state in 1896. Over 120 year laters, lawmakers in LDS state are creating hype over confirming the law; and practicioners are demanding their rights.In 1879, the Supreme Court upheld the anti-polygamy to be constitutional. Beginning in 1880, federal officials began prosecuting those cases. The large communities of Mormons, or Latter-day Saints (LDS), were largely left alone. In places like Utah, polygamy was common and ignored. The church claims that the problems began when Mormons began spreading out across America. Non-church members saw the multiple-partner marriages as an abomination.As they expanded, the church took a harder stance on polygamy, denying that it was still going on and trying to explain it. “The Book of Mormon identifies one reason for God to command it: to increase the number of children born in the gospel covenant in order to “raise up seed unto [the Lord]” (Jacob 2:30). Plural marriage did result in the birth of large numbers of children within faithful Latter-day Saint homes.”AdvertisementSimultaneously admitting and defending their actions, they were telling the public that it had stopped. “…monogamy was advocated in the Church both over the pulpit and through the press. On an exceptional basis, some new plural marriages were performed between 1890 and 1904, especially in Mexico and Canada, outside the jurisdiction of U.S. law; a small number of plural marriages were performed within the United States during those years. In 1904, the Church strictly prohibited new plural marriages. Today, any person who practices plural marriage cannot become or remain a member of the Church.”As the LDS church was struggling to present an acceptable and legal view to the public, polygamy was ongoing. Church members and often high-ranking leaders were accused of not only having multiple wives but taking underage brides and abuse. Women leaving the church were finally talking about their experiences.You might expect all the scandals would top the practice, or at least force it further underground. Neither happened, starting in 2010 there has even been a reality television show about polygamy called Sister Wives.AdvertisementUtah Governor Gary Herbert promoted his activities this week as he signed a bill that “keeps polygamy a felony.” Apparently the penalties have changed, becoming harsher, but that appears to be the only difference.As he makes this highly flouted but non-momentous decision, the question is being asked, is the law even being enforced? The answer is convoluted.Mormons who practice the lifestyle are open and uncompromising; they will continue despite the laws, as they always have. They and their attorneys say that if the marriages are between consenting adults, the state can’t do anything. Joe Darger, an outspoken opponent of the bill, has three wives. He dared officials to charge him with a crime.Some lawmakers seem to agree, the state doesn’t pursue polygamists who haven’t committed other fraud or abuse as well. The recent bill was actually in response to a lawsuit that occured when they did try.AdvertisementJoe Darger, center, challenged lawmakers to come after him for his polygamous relationships.The Brown family, stars of the show Sister Wives, sued Lehi, Utah city police for looking into their multi-partner relationship. The court ruled in favor of the Browns, raising many questions about polygamy.This led to the state of Utah and the courts defining the difference between polygamy and bigamy. While often used interchangeably, the law states that bigamy is a punishable crime, polygamy is not. Polygamy is “defined as three or more people living together and one or more ‘spiritual’ marriages existing among that group.”On the other hand, bigamy is the practice of one person having “multiple active marriage licenses.” The splitting of hairs in definitions would force prosecutors to prove that each polygamist has coinciding, active marriage licenses. This makes them a bigamist which is the actual felony.AdvertisementOutside of that, it is simply seen as a lifestyle choice. A man can have as many wives as he wants as long as he only has one marriage license. When Federal Judge Clark Waddoups ruled for the Browns in 2013, he was essentially saying that the bigamy laws could not be applied to polygamists.Children being exploited is one of the many issues the polygamous lifestyle can encourage.The new law confirms that the state agrees with his assessment. To be considered a bigamist, the offender now has to live with his extra spouse and claim marriage. Only one or the other was required prior to this.Even the Sound Choices Coalition, which tries to discourage polygamous marriages, supports the new bill. They issued a statement saying;“Polygamy is an antisocial, unsustainable practice that hurts many, so we are pleased that the state of Utah has taken action to demonstrate that it takes the abuses of polygamy seriously. Polygamy has enjoyed de facto decriminalization for decades, and polygamists will continue to be in no danger of prosecution unless they commit other crimes. We trust that the attorney general’s office will use this new law as it uncovers criminal activities within polygamist communities.”The disconnect in the state was apparent through all of this. Polygamists continue to insist that any investigation or prosecution impedes their rights. Lawmakers prepare to take a hard stance, but it may only be for the cameras.Is polygamy a choice or is it forced on women by an unrelenting religious community? Should it be allowed if all the people involved are adults? How hard is law enforcement working to tell the difference?All those questions remain, the bill changes little. It is neglectful to avoid the fact that the practice encourages wrongful and unlawful behavior. Religious freedom does not allow child endangerment or abuse. Utah doesn’t need to reinforce laws they have never followed in the first place. They need a serious discussion on the practice of polygamy and what it means for innocent women and children.Share:








The USDA places these traps to kill; that is exactly what they do.“The M-44 ejector device is an effective and environmentally sound wildlife damage management tool. The spring-activated device delivers a dose of cyanide powder to targeted animals. It uses a cyanide capsule that is registered as a restricted-use pesticide by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The device can be used only by trained certified applicators.”This “trap” is what Canyon Mansfield, age 14, came across while walking his dog one day. The pair was reportedly only about 350 feet from their family’s home. Canyon told reporters, “I see this little pipe that looked like a sprinkler sticking out of the ground. I go over and touch it. Then it makes a pop sound and it spews orange gas everywhere.”The orange gas that covered them was cyanide, placed in the ground by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), to kill so-called nuisance animals. Advertisement“The M-44 device is triggered when a canid (i.e. coyote or wild dog) tugs on the baited capsule holder, releasing the plunger and ejecting sodium cyanide powder into the animal’s mouth. The sodium cyanide quickly reacts with moisture in the animal’s mouth, releasing hydrogen cyanide gas. Unconsciousness, followed by death, is very quick, normally within 1 to 5 minutes after the device is triggered. Animals killed by sodium cyanide appear to show no overt signs of distress or pain.”Doing its job, the device killed a dog that day in Pocatello, Idaho, but not a wild one. The family’s 3-year-old Yellow Labrador Casey died quickly, just like the USDA says it would.“We are devastated,” mother, Theresa Mansfield, told Fox News. “My dog died in less than 2 minutes. My son was rushed to the hospital covered in cyanide.”Canyon was able to think quickly, wiping as much of the poison off as he could. It possibly saved his life. Fortunately, there was no rain that day. Otherwise the moisture-reactive cyanide might have killed the boy as well.AdvertisementIt may have just been luck that Canyon wasn’t killed along with Casey.Captain Dan Argyle of the Bannock County Sheriff’s Office said, “We’re still trying to figure out how he wasn’t affected. We think a strong wind blew it [the cyanide] downhill when the device went off — right in the dog’s direction.”The government maintains that the traps are not capable of killing a child. Captain Argyle strongly disagrees, stating that Canyon only weighs about 20 pound more than the dog. “He’s very lucky to be alive.” The teenager’s blood will continue to be checked for cyanide levels.The USDA Wildlife Service’s website claims that the traps are designed to “control coyotes, wild (feral) dogs, and red, gray, and arctic foxes.” The average weight of a coyote is between 20 and 50 pounds. AdvertisementCoincidentally, the same weight as a one-year to seven-year-old girl or a 10-month to seven-year old boy. If a younger child had been with the dog, he or she could easily have been poisoned to death.According to Captain Argyle, and the USDA website, there are supposed to be signs posted to warn people about any traps in the area. That brings to mind large, easily-seen, weatherproof warnings. Unfortunately, that is not the case.The signs that the USDA places close to the deadly traps. They are neither durable nor adequate.The signs could be easily covered by snow, washed away by rain, or torn out of the ground by wind or animals. The website also claims they do not place traps on property without permission, either from the landowner or the government.Captain Argyle said, “We did not observe any signs at the location.” Canyon’s father, Mark Mansfield, confirmed, “We didn’t know anything about it. No neighborhood notifications and our local authorities didn’t know anything about them. The sheriff deputies who went up there didn’t even know what a cyanide bomb was.”AdvertisementThe danger was increased when an inspection revealed another trap close to the Mansfield home. Apparently, both were set on February 25, “without the family’s knowledge or consent.”The device that exploded and killed a family pet.This is not the only incident. Earlier in the week, the Helfrieck family was out on a walking trail they have used for 20 years. They were approximately 50 miles from Casper, Wyoming. On the trail was Amy Helfrieck, her husband, and their 8-year-old daughter. Mrs. Helfrieck’s sister and brother-in-law were also with them.Suddently hearing her husband yelling, she turned to see him carrying their dog and running towards her. Mrs. Helfrieck, who is a nurse, attempted to open the dog’s mouth to help Abby breath. “She was having a lot of difficulty breathing and I knew at that time she was dying. What I didn’t realize was that we were exposing ourselves to a very deadly poison.”The sister’s dog Molly was also killed. The family reports there were the required signs. However, they were placed only about 5 feet away from the trap, leaving no early warning for the hikers. The Helfrieck’s daughter and a picture of Abby.These traps, very effective against pets, are used to prevent wild animals from attacking and killing livestock. The USDA states;“Coyotes, foxes, and feral dogs cause substantial damage to livestock and poultry producers, particularly those with sheep and goats. After studying a petition to ban the M-44, EPA determined that predation accounts for a significant portion of premature livestock losses. EPA found that the use of M-44s have significant benefits in reducing predation on livestock without negative long-term impact on the target predators or other nontarget species.”The two families who have lost their beloved pets would certainly disagree with that statement. Other critics argue that taxpayers should not be spending money to protect private property. The traps are unselective. They cannot distinguish between predators after livestock and those who are just hunting.A wildlife advocacy organization called Predator Defense is part of the movement to ban these devices. Brooks Fahy, the executive director, calls the traps “nothing more than landmines waiting to go off, no matter if their victim is a child, a dog or a wolf.”He further explains that, “Much of the public remains totally in the dark about the fact that these deadly devices are placed on private and public lands nationwide. M-44s are totally indiscriminate. Worse yet, they are unnecessary, as the majority of the animals killed have never preyed on livestock.”These recent incidents demonstrate the rationale behind Fahy’s words. If a rancher needs to control predators on their land, they have a right. However, traps placed on public lands are harming innocent people and animals. This method is outdated, expensive, and deadly to the wrong animals. Next time it could easily be a child.Share:








Arkansas authorities are investigating the case of a corpse stuffed inside a suitcase and abandoned in a farmer’s field.Arkansas police have been working to solve the case of a corpse stuffed inside a suitcase and abandoned in a field. Late last week the corpse was identified as Robert Brooks, an 89-year old WWII veteran from Youngstown, New York. The body wasn’t dismembered as the man was only four feet and eleven inches. Police don’t consider it a homicide at this point.David Gilbo, of the Youngstown Police Department, told the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, “He was a war hero who could have been buried at the [Arlington] National Cemetery. Instead, he ends up in a suitcase dumped in a field in Arkansas.”Gilbo said the man died of natural causes in his home likely about a month before his body was found March 5, Fox News reports. He had been living in upstate New York with his caregiver, 56-year old Virginia Colvin. She had cared for him since 2012. Colvin’s boyfriend, Michael Stivers, was also present in the home.Advertisement“Why did they decide to take the body from here, instead of calling for an ambulance, is yet to be determined,” Johnstown Police Lt. Dave Gilbo told WRGB, a CBS affiliate in Albany.Right now, the authorities think the couple did not report his death in order to keep collecting his Social Security benefits. They have checked the couple’s bank statements. If that was the case, no monies have thus far been collected.“They got caught early,” Gilbo told the Arkansas-Democrat Gazette. “We are checking their bank statements, but they didn’t have much time to collect any money if they were doing that.”Colvin told authorities that Brooks had always expressed his desire to be buried in Arkansas and that’s why they were moving him there. Family members deny the claim, saying that Brooks had briefly lived in Arkansas at one point, but was from New York. He not told his family that he wanted to be buried anywhere else. Both Colvin and Stivers have family members in the state. They drove from New York to Arkansas, some 1,300 miles, with the month-old corpse in a large blue suitcase riding in the back of blue pickup truck. On March 5, they stopped in Des Arc, Arkansas. That was when police received the emergency call, the Washington Post reports. The call described a couple selling furniture and junk from the back of a parked truck when the morbid discovery was made.Advertisement“One of the patrons of this sale went to the back of the truck and unzipped a larger blue suitcase and saw a body,” Prairie County Sheriff Rick Hickman told ABC affiliate Sky 7.The pair fled the scene, getting about 15 miles out of town. They stopped to dump the suitcase in a farmer’s field in Prairie County and then split. Police caught up with them but released Colvin because they could not find the incriminating suitcase. Stiver, however, was arrested on an outstanding warrant for not paying child support.Virginia Colvin and boyfriend Michael Stivers are charged with abusing the corpse of an 89 year-old World War II veteran.The deputies located the house where Colvin was going in Perry County and placed it under surveillance until they could get a search warrant. On March 8, the police finally connected Colvin to the incident and arrested her. Both Colvin and Stivers face felony charges of abusing a corpse. Police have finally made contact with Brooks’ son in North Carolina and obtained DNA samples from him to confirm the identity of the body.AdvertisementLonoke County Jail, where Michael Stivers is being held on a child support warrant while awaiting felony charges on abusing a corpse.New York authorities are not attempting to get the couple extradited. Abuse of a corpse is a felony offense, but in New York it only punishable by three years in prison. In Arkansas it carries a punishment of up to ten years. Brooks was a gunner in World War II, serving in a B-17 bomber’s ball turret.“It’s the most dangerous assignment in war,” Prairie County Sheriff Rick Hickman said. “The belly gunner is in a small bubble on the bottom of the plane. The enemy wants to shoot at him first. Life expectancy on that job is very short.”The authorities handling the case say that, while it is not considered a homicide at this point, it could take months to officially determine that. It will take some time to find out why the body was moved as well. “Brooks was a World War II veteran,” Gilbo said. “He deserved a lot better than being put in a suitcase.”Police are still working on getting to the bottom of the motives in the case of this veteran. Now, with his son located, arrangements can be made to have his body moved back to New York and given a proper burial. But the two in the middle of it, however, have a long road ahead of them.Share:








Tennessee Just Filed A Lawsuit Against The Federal Government Over The Federal Refugee Resettlement ProgramRefugees were a big topic of discussion during the 2016 presidential election. Democrats, like Hillary Clinton and former President Barack Obama, wanted to invite every single refugee into the country. The problem was they didn’t think about the vetting process and how important it is for American safety.These refugees need to be thoroughly vetted because of the areas that they are coming from. Several countries that these refugees are originally from are known terrorist hot spots. Terrorist groups, like ISIS, have already admitted that some of their agents are posing as refugees to get into the country to cause some major damage.Unfortunately the Democrats just don’t understand the worry that Americans have over this and continue to support bringing refugees in through a federal program. Finally, one state has had enough of the federal refugee resettlement program. The state of Tennessee has officially filed a lawsuit against the federal government over the resettlement of refugees in the state.AdvertisementThe Thomas More Law Center filed the federal lawsuit for the Tennessee General Assembly, as well as the State of Tennessee. It was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee on Monday. As stated earlier, it’s challenging the federal refugee resettlement program. What Tennessee is arguing is that it violates the state’s sovereignty under the Tenth Amendment of the Constitution.Tennessee Doesn’t Want Refugees In Their StateTo escalate this even further, President Trump is expected to hold a rally in Nashville to create public support for his agenda. That includes his revised travel ban. It suspends the federal refugee resettlement program and stops travel from six Muslim-majority countries. It’s expected to go into effect on Thursday.Back in April of 2016, the Tennessee General Assembly passed SJR 467. What it did was authorize the filing of the lawsuit. It was meant to address the federal government’s appropriation of state funds to continue this program in Tennessee. Suing the federal government is a big deal, and it only escalates when it is one of the states that are on the prosecuting side.AdvertisementOriginally in 2007, Tennessee withdrew from the federal program. However the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement went around this by designating Catholic Charities of Tennessee to force the continuation of state funds to resettle those refugees that go to the state.It’s worth pointing out that the federal government isn’t allowed to force states to support federal programs with state revenues. In other words, the federal government can’t force the states to pay for something using their own money.The late Senator Ted Kennedy addressed this. He was the chief sponsor of the Refugee Act of 1980, which was the enabling legislation, and spoke on the Senate floor prior to it being passed.“… the committee was mindful of the deep concern of many State and local agencies that Federal assistance authorized under these programs should be for a reasonable period of time – to assure that local communities will not be taxed for a program they did not initiate.”AdvertisementHowever, as most things tend to do with the government, the rules dramatically changed within a decade of the act. Originally, 100 percent of each state’s Medicaid and welfare benefits given to refugees would be reimbursed by the government. They would provide these benefits to refugees in the country for three years.States Were Supposed To Be Reimbursed For The Resettlement Of Refugees. That Stopped After 10 YearsFive years later, Congress didn’t provide sufficient funding and the costs of the federal program began falling on state governments. By ten years, the government stopped all reimbursement of state costs. As expected, it has been a giant financial burden on the states.Remember, the federal government can’t force states to support their programs using state revenues. States know this and they have started taking notice. The U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations in 2010 looked at a review of the refugee admissions program. They were taking note of the costs that were associated with education and healthcare for refugees that were passed onto the state and local governments.According to the Superintendent for Fort Wayne (IN) Community Schools, the cost of educating refugee students “regularly diverted [funds] from other programs.” It should also be noted that the Fort Wayne-Allen County Commissioner of Health testified that “[i]ncreasingly the costs of [HIV/AIDS] tests are being dropped on the laps of local and state governments.”AdvertisementThey are also footing the cost for the life-long treatment for hepatitis B discovered among the Burmese. It’s “…another significant cost the local community will be forced to bear.” The lawsuit wants to define Tennessee’s rights, considering the forced use of state funds for a program they’re not even a part of.State Senate Majority Leader Mark Norris was the one who led the passage of SJR 467. He described the suit as looking for relief. The suit “…offers a unique mechanism by which advocates may seek to remedy ongoing violations of statutory or constitutional law. Sometimes it’s cast in the nature of a friendly lawsuit to bring clarity to an otherwise cloudy situation.”The main reason for the institution of the travel ban was to get a vetting process that would make the country safer. This is necessary, especially when it was learned that 300 refugees in the United States are under FBI investigation for terrorism. These are people that pose a significant risk to the country. Why should more of them be let in?It Was Learned That 300 Refugees Were Being Investigated For Ties To TerrorismNot to mention that many migrants and refugees that come into the country lie about their age. They literally falsify information so that they can get into the country easier. When a majority of these refugees are lying to get into the country, there is something drastically wrong there.Share this article to show that Tennessee has just filed a lawsuit against the federal government. They are not a part of the federal program, yet they are still forced to use their revenues to resettle refugees in their own state. This lawsuit is going to get some answers, and it might lead to more states doing the same thing. Be sure to watch this one carefully.Share:








Students have had enoughHave you ever considered the political affiliation of college professors? Many haven’t unless they have attended college classes lately or have children in college. That is perhaps why they numbers are skewed in regards to liberal versus conservative professors.The recent election and the ensuing liberal meltdowns have turned our eyes to campuses and how they are reacting. The view has been disheartening. Colleges appear to be overwhelmingly liberal, both professors and students demonstrating their dominance.Samuel Abrams, a professor of politics at Sarah Lawrence College, decided to take a look at 25 years of survey data. The results were astonishing; the amount of liberal professors has tripled since 1989.AdvertisementThe proportion of liberal professors rose from 2-to-1 in 1989 to 6-to-1 in 2014. New England saw the largest shift, going from an abnormally high 5-1 ratio in 1989 to an overwhelming 28-1 in 2014.This leaves college students subjected to an increasing amount of rhetoric from their professors. Should politics even have a place in the college classroom? That is another issue completely.Republican Senator Mark Chelgren from Iowa is on a mission to change the discrepancies. He believes that by requiring professors to disclose their political affiliation, balance can be restored. He aims to do this with the introduction of a new bill in the Iowa government.SF 288 states that “a person shall not be hired as a professor or instructor” if that “person’s political party affiliation on the date of hire would cause the percentage of the faculty belonging to one political party to exceed by 10 percent the percentage of the faculty belonging to the other political party.”AdvertisementThe bill would only apply to “institutions governed by the Iowa Board of Regents, those being the University of Iowa, Iowa State University, and the University of Northern Iowa.”There is a rather large loop-hole though. Prospective faculty would have the choice of declaring “no party affiliation,” and thus would “not be considered in determining the political party composition of the faculty.”While this seems to defeat the purpose of the bill, Chelgren accounted for that. “The state commissioner of elections” would be obligated to “furnish, free of charge, voter registration records to the institutions of higher learning.”Iowa is similar to many states; voters are not required to disclose their party affiliation when registering. However, primary and caucus elections are only open to voters who officially identify with the party holding them. This means that to actually vote, the party of the voter must eventually be disclosed, giving more information to inquirers.AdvertisementIowa voted Republican in the 2016 election, that may indicate this bill has a chanceThe reasoning behind this bill is simple. Take a look at the actions of professors and college administrators and you get an immediate idea of the brainwashing that is occurring.Professors allowed students to miss or reschedule exams if they were feeling “traumatized” by the November elections.Riots have been breaking out on campus with alarming frequency. Not just protests but actual riots. Berkeley has been the site of many, causing millions of dollars in damages to the campuses.Students are out of controlAdvertisementCalifornia State University administrators have recently issued memos encouraging students to not cooperate with Immigration and Custom Enforcement officials. Instead they are told to call campus police and wait for legal representation.Republican students have been the targets of intimidation and violence. Students attempting to start conservative groups have been shut down. Trump supporters have been frequently attacked. Liberals allow for no dissent; their selfish minds just cannot handle conversations where they may be proven wrong.These and other incidents occurring all across the country have created a hostile environment on campuses. Colleges have become more about pushing one set of ideals on everyone rather than encouraging balanced discussions and actual learning from others’ ideas. The purpose of colleges is to educate not indoctrinate.Needless to say, there are many who are opposing this legislation in Iowa.“The Board of Regents is opposed to the bill,” spokesman Josh Lehman told The Washington Post. “We expect our universities to hire the most qualified faculty to teach our students, and we believe in diversity of thought.”Senator Herman Quirmbach told reporters, “To establish quotas by political party association in academic departments would just destroy our public universities. It’s one of the worst ideas I’ve heard in 15 years here.”Democrats in Iowa are firmly opposed to the new billRepresentative Mary Mascher cites discrimination; “We do have a Constitution and its there for a reason, and it’s to try to protect equity and to make sure that we don’t judge people on the basis of their race or religion, their creed, their political beliefs. We never ask that question when someone’s hired: Are you a Republican, Democrat, or independent, or Green Party, or socialist, or any of that. And I think that would be clearly discriminatory.”Her arguments in particular lack the element of truth. Liberals have been demonstrating a clear misunderstanding of “discrimination” these days. They continue to make assumptions and decisions based solely on political affiliation and religion more than any Republican ever could.The battle in Iowa is just beginning. With President Trump threatening federal funding withdrawl for colleges who continue to break the law, debates such as this one will be happening everywhere. Democrats cannot continue to just pretend that President Trump doesn’t exist. He is gaining traction while they lose it.Something has to change. The blatant entitlement that is being encouraged is approaching a breaking point. Citizens and lawmakers are fed up with constant disregard for law and order. Largely Republican governments are going to begin offering ultimatums; they already have in some places.It will be interesting to watch the choices being made. Liberals have spent 3 solid months protesting and eroding American strength. Their childish denials are worn out and yet they cling to them stubbornly.Too many years of watching leaders such as Obama, Pelosi, Reid, and Warren have contributed to the idea that Democrats have carte blanche. It is going to be an unpleasant day when they realize that era is over.Share:








The Department of Homeland Security and Department of Justice are cracking down on H1-B Visa fraud and abuse.The immigration problem is multi-faceted. President Trump has put a tremendous focus on illegal immigration, rightfully so, but the legal immigration system is in need of reform. One problem with legal immigration that has received a considerable amount of attention from American patriots is the H1-B visa program. This visa has nothing to do with people coming into the country to settle long term, but is used by companies to bring in laborers, and the question is why thousands of workers are being brought in on these visas every year when so many Americans need jobs.Thousands of H1-B workers come from countries such as India and Pakistan every year.As we have covered here before at Conservative Daily Post, the H1-B system is rife with fraud and abuse. The Trump administration is now making concrete moves to crack down on the problem with three recent actions.AdvertisementOn Monday, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, part of the Department of Homeland Security, issued a memo announcing “multiple measures to further deter and detect H-1B visa fraud and abuse.” The memo states that visas should continue to be available for “highly-skilled foreign nationals when there is a shortage of qualified workers in the country,” but it acknowledges that “too many American workers who are as qualified, willing, and deserving to work in these fields have been ignored or unfairly disadvantaged.” In short, the H1-B visa system will remain in place for now, but it is going to be reformed to cut down on practices that harm the American worker.The agency will begin making on-site visits to businesses that it has identified as having a high likelihood for ongoing H1-B fraud and abuse. These include businesses that lack basic publicly available information, depend on H1-B workers for a large portion of their workforce, or are requesting H1-B workers for work at off-site locations. Each of these characteristics is a red flag for possible fraud or abuse of the system.The agency will conduct “random and unannounced visits nationwide.” One can imagine that business owners who have been profiting off the abuse of the system are sweating bullets and scrambling right now. The memo notes that these on-site raids will not target legal employees in any way, only employers who could be abusing the system.The memo states that employers have an obligation to make a “good faith effort to recruit U.S. workers” before turning to foreign labor. The agency has also established an e-mail address ([email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */) for anyone to send tips on employers in need of a random inspection. The memo also states that the agency has been visiting work sites to check for fraud since 2009, so these new policies and procedures are more of an amplification of already existing protocol than an entirely new practice.AdvertisementThere is a great deal of resistance from tech companies against Trump’s campaign pledges to reduce the H1-B visa program. These companies insist that they depend on H1-B visa workers and that any reduction would hurt their business. There have been suggestions of reform, however, that would improve the system without destroying it. One such suggestion is to allow those who come in on the visas to leave the companies they start with and get higher paying jobs. As it stands now, the workers are tied to the companies that bring them in, essentially making them indentured workers who can only remain in the company if they keep the same low paying jobs.Fixing the H1-B Visa problem is of the essence of the MAGA program.The problem with allowing workers to stay in the country and find work at any company is that it becomes another yet another pathway to long term immigration and still increases competition with U.S. workers at higher wages. Competition is of course an essential part of a free economy, but an important aspect of the new “Trumpism” is that the needs of the nation as a whole sometimes come before the profit bottom line.In conjunction with the statement from the USCIS, Tom Wheeler, acting Assistant Director of the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice also issued a statement on the matter. “The Justice Department will not tolerate employers misusing the H-1B visa process to discriminate against U.S. workers,” the Director said. The Justice Department statement on its website warns “employers petitioning for H-1B visas not to discriminate against U.S. workers.”AdvertisementThe Justice Department cited the anti-discrimination provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act as prohibiting discrimination against U.S. workers in hiring or firing.Attorney General Jeff Sessions has long been one of the only high level politicians talking about problems with legal immigration. Now he is one of the most powerful men in the country.In a high-profile story of 2016, hundreds of American computer programmers at Disney were forced to train their replacements, who had been brought in to work at lower wages. This was a blatant case of discrimination against American workers purely driven by considerations of profit. One of the disadvantaged workers spoke out, saying, “They all claim to come in on this visa because they are better than Americans, yet they come in on the lowest pay scales.” Another Disney worker said, “It was so humiliating to train somebody else to take over your job. I still can’t grasp it.”This week’s announcement was not the only action by the administration on this issue. Last month, the administration suspended the issuance of expedited H1-B visas for those who pay more. The expedition process allowed workers’ visas to be approved in as short a time as 15 days, rather than a few months. The suspension will last for up to six months while the program is reviewed. The suspension will be waived for workers with special considerations such as “humanitarian reasons, an emergency situation or the prospect of severe financial loss to a company or individual.”These actions by the Trump administration should ease the concerns of supporters who were growing impatient waiting for steps to be taken to reform the H1-B visa program. However, these measures will surely not be enough for those Trump supporters who want the program to be ended entirely. There are those who would rather see every single one of these jobs go to Americans. While no doubt there are cases when it makes sense to bring in foreign labor, provisions should be made for training and placing capable Americans in high level tech jobs. Considering so many of the original great tech companies began in America, there is no reason we shouldn’t be able to dominate the tech world again in every way.Share:








Trump has announced he will pull more than $32M from a United Nations humanitarian program, because they participate in China’s forced family planning policies.Enacting a Reagan era law, the Trump administration announced they would pull more than $32 million from a UN humanitarian agency that is protecting abortion.The move was in agreement with the Mexico City Policy, which was passed in 1985. It stipulates that for an overseas humanitarian organization to receive funds from the United States government, they may not, “perform or actively promote abortion as a method of family planning.”Since the policy’s inception, various presidential administration have either rescinded or reinstated the policy, depending on their views. Among President Trump’s first acts in office was to issue a presidential memorandum on January 23, reinstating the policy.AdvertisementThe agency is the United Nations Population Fund (UNPF). They work in underdeveloped countries to help women and girls have access to safe childbirth and family planning services and to fight against inhumane treatments like female genital mutilation. But, research from the State Department shows the organization works in conjunction with the Chinese government, promoting their aggressive two-child policy. China’s mandate has been accused of causing involuntary sterilization and mandatory abortions, which both Democrats and Republicans are against.China had loosened its decades old one-child policy for a while, but in 2016, officially changed the law to two-children. This was in response to concerns about the aging population and the lack of workers to replace them.Even though the law has been altered, it doesn’t vary much. Women will still need to have a permit to have a child at all. If the pregnancy is not approved by the state, she will be subject to coerced or even forced abortion. Third children usually result in the same “mandatory abortion,” or heavy financial penalties—a figure that can amount to close to $40,000, when the average Chinese family in urban areas makes around $2,600 USD annually. That’s not to mention the cost of raising the child. Further, children conceived out of wedlock are still illegal and are forcibly aborted, even if police force has to be used.China’s family planning policies force unwed mothers to abort their children, even when the pregnancy is wanted.AdvertisementWhile the Mexico City Policy prohibits U.S. funding of abortions overseas, the Kemp-Kasten Amendment, also enacted in 1985, applies to coerced or forced abortions or involuntary sterilization. In the same way, the United States government cannot fund foreign organizations that participate in these activities.In 2002, President Bush flagged the UNFPA, under the Kemp-Kasten Amendment, for its involvement in Chinese family planning.  He withheld funding from the organization from 2002 to 2008. Obama reinstated their funds in 2009. They have received around $32 million dollars per year since then.Obama refunded the UNFPA almost immediately after taking office, after President Bush had defunded the organization for the same reasons Trump is citing.Trump announced this week that he would be cutting that funding, due to their continued involvement in China. The organization however, says that it does not support the Chinese practice of forced abortions. In a statement released Tuesday, the organization wrote that they regret the U.S. decision to withhold founding.Advertisement“This decision is based on the erroneous claim that UNFPA ‘supports, or participates in the management of, a programme of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization’ in China. UNFPA refutes this claim, as all of its work promotes the human rights of individuals and couples to make their own decisions, free of coercion or discrimination. Indeed, United Nations Member States have long described UNFPA’s work in China as a force for good,” the statement reads.The organization claims that the support of the United States government and its people has enabled them to save the lives of tens of thousands of women and girls around the world from childbirths with disabilities and preventable diseases.“With previous United States contributions, UNFPA was combatting gender-based violence and reducing the scourge of maternal deaths in the world’s most fragile settings, in areas of conflict and natural disasters,” the statement continues.Later this week, Trump will be meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago. The meeting will address diplomatic relations between the two countries and strained trade relations. Trump has already traversed into some murky water with the president in regards to their “One China Policy,” and China’s military expansion in the South China Sea.It is unclear if the subject of UNPF funding, or human rights concerns over the two-child policy will come up, but Trump has already said the meeting will not be easy.“The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits,” Trump tweeted last week.The UNPF is not the only one to lose out in the new budget. The administration has cut a third of the State Department budget, much of it from global aid and humanitarian organizations. Rumors have even circulated that the administration may be defunding the United Nations entirely. But for now, pulling out of the UNPF is going to be a difficult enough public relations battle.Share:








At Least One Democrat Is Concerned At How The Confirmation Hearing Of Judge Neil Gorsuch (Pictured) Will Affect The Future.One of the duties of the President is to appoint judges to different positions. The most famous judges that are appointed happen to go to the Supreme Court. These appointments are for life, which means that the judges stay on the bench for the rest of their lives, barring impeachment or retirement.Right now, there is a vacancy on the Supreme Court Bench due to the unfortunate death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. President Donald Trump has made his appointment in the form of Judge Neil Gorsuch. Now the President appoints potential judges, but it’s up to the Senate to confirm them.There is a 60-vote threshold that needs to be broken in order for a confirmation to go through successfully. The Republicans control 52 seats in the Senate. In other words, the Democrats have enough people to stop the confirmation if they choose. Various Democrats have spoken publicly about opposing Gorsuch, but their private opinions are much different.AdvertisementOne of the anti-Gorsuch Senators, Claire McCaskill (D-MO), was speaking to donors at a private fundraiser when she made these comments. She said that she was okay with voting against him, but worried that the strategy to deny the confirmation would backfire in the long run.The leaked audio revealed that she was sympathetic to liberals who were angry at how former President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, was treated. She also listed some reasons on why McCaskill would be okay with voting against Judge Gorsuch.Democrats Are Still Angry At How Former President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court Nominee Was Treated.Specifically, she pointed to his opinion on supporting a company that had fired a trucker for leaving his cargo following a break down of his trailer in below-freezing temperatures. She also pointed to decision he gave that had him siding with a Colorado school district over parents of an autistic child regarding education.AdvertisementWhile she had those reasons, she also pointed to the fact that just denying Gorsuch for revenge would hurt the Democrats in the long run. “There is enough in his record that gives me pause. So I am very comfortable voting against him, but I’m very uncomfortable being part of a strategy that’s going to open up the Supreme Court to a complete change.”Senator McCaskill’s worry is directly related to the “nuclear option” that was implemented by Democrats several years ago. This change allowed a simple majority to confirm appointments through the Senate rather than having a 60-vote threshold. This change was highly touted by the Democrats at the time, but now they don’t like it because Republicans are using it.As of right now, the GOP doesn’t have the necessary votes to appoint Gorsuch, as there are not enough moderate Democrats saying they will support the Judge. The GOP needs at least eight Democrats to support Gorsuch if they are going to approve him. So far, there have only been three that have said they would support him.Senator McCaskill has pondered what would happen if Gorsuch’s nomination were halted.Advertisement“Let’s assume for the purposes of this discussion that we turn down Gorsuch, that there are not eight Democrats that vote to confirm him and therefore there’s not enough to put him on the Supreme Court. What then? So they move it to 51 votes and they confirm either Gorsuch or they confirm the one after Gorsuch.”The Missouri Senator also warned about what would happen after the Gorsuch nomination. Remember, he is replacing the late Justice Scalia, who was a staunch conservative. According to McCaskill, the stakes are higher when the next Supreme Court seat is empty; especially if one of the court’s liberals is next to go.Senator McCaskill Warned About What Would Happen If The Nuclear Option Is Used.“God forbid, Ruth Bader Ginsburg dies. Or (Anthony) Kennedy retires. Or (Stephen_ Breyer has a stroke or is no longer able to serve. Then we’re not talking about Scalia for Scalia, which is what Gorsuch is, we’re talking about Scalia for somebody on the court who shares our values. And then all of a sudden the things I fought for, with scars on my back to show (for) it in this state, are in jeopardy.”According to McCaskill’s spokesman, John LaBombard, the Senator hasn’t decided yet on how she is going to vote. “This is just Claire giving an honest answer to a question, same as always. She was asked about the lay of the land with the Gorsuch nomination, and she gave her thoughts. She didn’t say how she was going to vote, because she hasn’t decided yet. But when she does, she’ll be fully candid with Missourians about what went into her decision, same as always.”AdvertisementHowever, her comments leave little to be imagined. She has already stated reasons on why she wouldn’t vote for him. Unless something changes her mind at the last second, it’s essentially guaranteed that McCaskill will not vote for the Judge.Not all Democrats have thought about what this means however. Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) is just doing whatever she can to stop something of President Trump’s from going through. She wanted to stop the Senate hearing of Gorsuch from going forward.Senator Warren (Pictured Speaking) Has Tried To Stop The Confirmation Process Before.What makes this more interesting is the fact that the Senate Democrats have already attempted to stop the nuclear option from being a viable option. Almost two weeks ago, the Democrats were having a public and private opinion. In public, they were adamantly against the Gorsuch nomination, but in private, they were looking for a deal to be made.Share this article to show that Senator McCaskill has revealed her true feelings on the stopping of a Gorsuch appointment. She hasn’t decided if she is going to vote for or against Gorsuch yet, but she is leery of the possible implications that it would hold in the future. In other words, the Democrats had better be careful, but knowing them, they aren’t going to be.Share:








Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner (pictured center) is being used to bring peace, help achieve fair trade deals, and to END ISIS for the world.During the campaign, Trump talked about peace (he may not have used the word “peace”) more than he talked about the wall, NAFTA, or even “Crooked Hilary.” Not one speech likely went by without him talking about a strong military that he would never have to use. Words like “won’t ever” and “never have to use it” are speech patterns found only in a man who is longing for peace and a break from our accepted state of perpetual warfare. Love him or hate him, if one is fair in analyzing Mr. Trump, everyone agrees that he wants for guns to be aimed at no one.Except ISIS.Donald Trump has said time and time again that he planned to put ISIS onto the dungheap of history just as soon as he adjusted the height on the White House’s desk chair. This he not only showed by keeping Obama’s planned attack in place (it was his first military act as President), but he has been working quietly – as not to tip off the enemy – on the problem of ISIS since day one. Now the Wall Street Journal is reporting that Jared Kushner is flying to Iraq and will hear a briefing on “Anti-ISIS Strategy.” Kushner is Trump’s son-in-law and also his Sr. Advisor. He arrived in Baghdad this morning with the President in what is being called “a surprise visit with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs General Joseph Dunford.” They are meeting with “U.S. and Iraqi officials,” and are set to hear briefings on the battles against ISIS.AdvertisementWhile America strives for peace, with ISIS, we have “no choice.”While getting along with the in-laws to such a degree is the envy of many men, Kushner is only 36 years old and is called by the WSJ a “newcomer to foreign policy issues.” Then again, America wanted the swamp drained, not the swamp dwellers just washed off and put back into the bog. Those with years of experience have allowed ISIS to blossom like poison ivy all over the Middle East, so perhaps a fresh set of eyes is just what the U.S. needs more than someone like John Kerry getting the job. Just the same, Kushner needs to be on his A-game because the Department of Defense is drafting up plans for the Trump administration to destroy the radical Muslim caliphate even as we speak.The “First Son-in-Law” has already been used in very sensitive talks between Israel and the Palestinians, with Trump saying, “If you can’t produce peace in the Middle East, nobody can.” Considering that the President prides himself on his judgment of character and skill, this the highest compliment imaginable. It is also a level of trust that must carry with it the weight of the very Earth itself. It is even said that he’s met “Saudi Arabia’s Deputy Crown Prince and Minister of Defense Mohammed bin Salman during his meeting with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis (James Mattis).” Therefore, his acceptance of his job’s importance seems fully understood.The media has told of Trump wanting a swift win. This has been the goal of every leader entangled in the Middle East for decades.AdvertisementAfter also being heavily relied upon for his skill in dealing with Mexico, Kushner now is clearly being used to help develop the tone of talks in the Middle East with regards to Iraq (and by proxy, Syria). Two weeks ago, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said that he was given assurances by the President that the U.S. will ramp up support for his nation’s constant struggles with terrorists. The Prime Minister was in Washington only last month and said that he felt as though Trump was ready to get quite serious about obliterating ISIS.Defense Secretary Mattis has given Trump a loose strategy for leveling the sharia terror group, but specifics needs to be detailed into the plan. The main problem that has plagued every leader who attempts to fight in the Middle East is that, like the NAZI’ Army and the Vietcong, ISIS and terrorists hide in residential areas, churches, mosques, and hospitals ON PURPOSE. That way, when an army comes to end their evil reign, they have to slaughter families, weddings, etc. to accomplish the task. At that point, each president has had to ask themselves if it is better to kill 30 innocents to stop terrorists from getting entrenched and killing 300. That decision is the heaviest for any leader to make and it is made worse in America by the media. The MSM says, basically, that if a Democrat launches such a strike, all action taken was needed. If however, a GOP president did it, it was a war crime and an act of utter evil.Though all of the proof seems to prove Trump innocent, the Democrat’s stay with the lie, even badgering Kushner.One way to offset some of this (it does not do much if ISIS is in a daycare, for instance) is to put U.S. troops on the ground, but historically, that is disastrous. One of the things that crumbled the Soviet Union was getting tied up in Afghanistan in the 1980s. Israel has been dealing with this since their birth, and they are no closer now to seeing their troops come home than they were in 1950. Still, “I think anyone who’s involved in the discussion on where we go strategically—having good situational awareness about what’s happening tactically and hear it first-hand and unfiltered, how our advisers assess the Iraqi security forces, both the opportunities and the challenges—will feed into somebody’s strategic view,”  were the words of Gen. Dunford said to those with him as they flew on a military jet.AdvertisementCertainly with all of this on Kushner’s plate, one would think that the media would lay off the “Russia got Trump elected” nonsense long enough to root for America, but they have not. Trump is not venturing into controversial grounds when he talks about killing off every last member of the rapists in ISIS. Everyone wants them destroyed for the good of humanity and God’s very creation, so it is only a topic that lends itself to conflicts between the GOP and the Democrats in terms of how it is done. Considering that Trump just talked healthcare with Rand Paul (R-KY), a man who was as hard on Ryancare as the Dem’s were, if the left would offer help in place of condemnation, the President would likely lend his ear to them, too.If the left allows him to work, it is imagined that Jared Kushner could bring peace to areas that today see great strife.This is what Donald Trump meant when he asked if this kind of fake Russian news was going to keep happening when it came time for his transition to settle and his leadership to begin. That time is here, and our President deserves our confidence as he attempts to remedy the biggest, darkest promoters of evil in modern times. ISIS is the very face of inhumanity, and if the Democrats can not get past their pink hats long enough to assist in their defeat, then perhaps we know what side many of them are on.Share:








Kim Jong-un has seen a high ranking defector leave and to warn the world of his madness.Bad news is normal news for anyone that follows the headlines. Not a day goes by that something awful is not happening somewhere. More often than not, the names “Russia,” “China,” and “North Korea” are found in those grim headlines, but rarely is it this bad. Today we were greeted with the fact that China may intervene in the NK nuclear and rhetoric onslaught on the same day that a high-profile North Korean defector has stated that Kim Jong-un really is mad enough to use nuclear weapons. Any talk of stopping NK, even with China, could lead to a launch as soon as NK sees the boats land on the shore.Let us start with China.Donald Trump has said that the U.S.A. could “totally” take out North Korea if China fails to act, but that may not be needed. Though the bold proclamation came only days before NK’s puppeteer, Chinese President Xi Jinping, is set to meet the President at his Mar-a-Lago resort in south Florida, China seems to already be engaging the idea. While trade and the man-made islands in the South China Sea will be talked about, Trump has said that, “Yes, we will talk about North Korea.” This statement was told to the Financial Times and was meant for those in Pyongyang. It could not be expected that Trump would fail to address the nation that is threatening the U.S. with nuclear weapons and who seem to have cut the strings from the Chinese marionette paddles.AdvertisementWhile Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, has already met with Xi, Trump is looking to make his personal thoughts known face to face. The President went on to say, “China has great influence over North Korea. And China will either decide to help us with North Korea, or they won’t. And if they do that will be very good for China, and if they don’t it won’t be good for anyone.” This was not said as a threat so much as a statement of fact. Trump is famous for not wanting war, but also famous for saying that nation’s that force us to act will see a war more terrible than they had ever expected. Consider that China is furious over our THADD anti-missile system sitting in South Korea. If Xi begins halting sea construction and stopping NK before the U.S. must do so, that would solve all of those problems at one time in the Orient.Sky News reports that Trump was asked what his plans are, and in true Trump fashion when dealing with such questions that require leverage, he said, “I’m not going to tell you.” He then continued,“You know, I am not the United States of the past where we tell you where we are going to hit in the Middle East,” again alluding to Obama’s failed approach to strikes there. It is also reported that the support that China gives to NK via economic and diplomatic actions is the lifeblood that sustains the reclusive nation, but Xi insists that Beijing has little say of them these days. Judging by how NK mocked China recently, unless it was staged for appearances sake, it may be a true statement. If so, with Kim Jong-un free from his leash, the world could be a very scary place.North Korea is said to be seeking nuclear weapons after seeing the U.S. topple Iraq and Libya.AdvertisementThe topic of North Korea is even trumping talks on tariffs, something that the President said could be talked about “Perhaps the next time we meet.” That may be due in part to the second major news item of the day from Asian lands: the fact that a defector from North Korea who held the status of North Korea’s deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom named Thae Yong Ho has said that Kim Jong-un would use nuclear weapons against the U.S. While absurd sounding, this is what was said by the diplomat who fled with his wife while in London, England, according to NBC News.It is said in the last 20 years, Thae Yong Ho is the highest profile defector to speak, something that makes his words of monumental importance. Those words are not uplifting, as he stated that Kim Jong-un is “desperate in maintaining his rule by relying on his [development of] nuclear weapons and ICBM.” “Desperate” men do things like Adolph Hitler did and start recruiting children and old men for battle. We are already seeing signs of extreme madness in NK with the leader killing his own uncle and shooting two separate people with battleship guns.China and the U.S. are to meet, with Pyongyang being a major topic of discussion, according to the White House.He goes on that, “Once he sees that there is any kind of sign of a tank or an imminent threat from America, then he would use his nuclear weapons with ICBM,” thus furthering the Hitler analogy. Just as Germany was allowed to burn before surrender, so it is that Kim Jong-un would incinerate his own people by exposing them to a U.S. counterstrike rather than face defeat. Yong Ho faces a life that will forever see him and his wife looking over their shoulder for North Korean assassins for fleeing once in London to South Korea.AdvertisementHe also says that, though he had no ties to NK’s weapons knowledge, the common talk among those in the know have lead him to believe that Kim Jong-un “has reached a very significant level of nuclear development.” NBC has reported that eight is the number of nuclear weapons that North Korea is thought to have, though no one knows if they can be attached to ICBM’s. There are no solid facts that disprove this notion, so the world at this point simply hopes. Many in the government feel that this milestone has already been reached and that upwards to 90% of America could be at risk of death even if NOT true.Adm. Scott Swift, commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet has said, “They have the nuclear capability — they’ve demonstrated that. And then, where they’re going with the miniaturization of that, whether they can actually weaponize a missile, that’s what’s driving the current concern.” To assume that NK would spend such vast amounts of time and capital to neglect this funding, however, seems unlikely to most analysts.The brave defector goes on to say, “If Kim Jong Un has nuclear weapons and ICBMs, he can do anything. So, I think the world should be ready to deal with this kind of person.” With South Korea only fifty miles away, plus Kim Jong-un barely in power (as those of more sane minds try to dethrone him) and as the U.S. now fully at attention, who knows how quickly nukes could come out if America attacks? This is the question put forth by Adm. James Stavridis, an NBC News analyst and dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University in Massachusetts.In North Korea, people like this are so starved that they are born deformed and in poor heath. This is due to the leadership and greed of Kim Jong-un.Thae Yong Ho also warns, “Kim Jong Un is a man who can do anything beyond the normal imagination.” He also said, “the final and the real solution to the North Korean nuclear issue is to eliminate Kim Jong Un from the post.” With all of these facts in mind, and since NK may attack with a nuclear attack as soon as any U.S. boots hit the ground there, China’s Xi may be an important ally for Trump to have.IT is said that NK is  “obsessed” with nukes ever since the backward nation saw how the U.S. meddled in Iraq and Libya. This is exactly what people such as Dr. Ron Paul warned about as “blowback” way back in 2008, oddly enough. Either way, since Thae Yong Ho leaving means that North Korea will kill, torture, imprison, and beat his family for his defection, (for THREE generations!) he deserves to be listened to. Few, if any, have even given SO MUCH just to be free and to warn the U.S.Share:








Women who came to the United States as refugees and then became naturalized citizens are emerging as critical connections to terrorism abroad.The imbalance of power between men and women within the Islamic community is usually significant. In an unusual trend, this is changing in regards to terrorist groups. In the last few years, a growing number of women have become key financial supporters of terror groups. This includes two naturalized American women that were recently sentenced to 12 years for their role in the “Group of Fifteen.” A Grand Jury would issue indictments for a total of 5 women for their financial supports of terrorist groups overseas.The “Group of Fifteen” was a code name for a worldwide network of women raising funds for terrorism. The group would include members from Sweden, Somalia, Kenya, Egypt, the Netherlands, the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Within the United States, the women lived in Minnesota, Virginia, and Washington.In a press release dated March 31, 2017, the Justice Department confirmed the sentencing of two members of the group:Advertisement“Muna Osman Jama, 36, of Reston, Virginia, and Hinda Osman Dhirane, 46, of Kent, Washington, were sentenced today to 12 years and 11 years respectively. Jama and Dhirane were found guilty of conspiracy to provide material support to al-Shabaab, a foreign terrorist organization, and providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization after a bench trial in front of U.S. District Judge Anthony J. Trenga on Oct. 25, 2016.”The FBI arrested Jama and Dhirane on July 27, 2014. Three other members of the “Group of Fifteen” were also arrested, outside of the United States.The arrest of Jama and Dhirane would disband the “Group of Fifteen.” The two were responsible for organizing the initial group and maintaining the communication efforts. As organizers, Jama and Dhirane would establish a complex series of computer chat rooms and phone lines to track on-going fundraising.A courtroom sketch artist captured the testimony of the woman accused of supporting terrorism.AdvertisementA large part of the group centered on raising money and transferring donations to splinter terrorist groups in Somalia and Kenya. These groups would claim to be a part of al-Shabaab. The efforts in Somalia would be called the “Hargeisa side.” Activities in Kenya were labeled the “Nairobi side.”Funds being sent to the “Hargeisa side” directly supported al-Shabaab military movements in the Golis Mountains of Somalia.  They would pay for a safe house to store weapons and serve as a planning base for political attacks. Funds for the “Nairobi side” supported another safe house that was also a combat hospital.Much of the evidence gathered for the case centered around both online and telephone conversations. These surveillances showed a deeper connection to the terrorist group. Both Jama and Dhirane regularly received inside information about terrorist plots.The pair was also recorded sharing some shocking opinions about terrorist attacks in real-time. During one conversation, Jama and Dhirane appeared to celebrate the bloodshed and violence at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi. The al-Shabaab killed 175 people during the attack.AdvertisementThe attack at the Westgate Mall by al-Shabaab would end in 175 dead.Dhirane would also talk to another conspirator about the Boston Marathon Bombings. She described the attack as a blessing from God and shared a laugh about the fear it garnered. Although the Boston attack was not tied directly to the al-Shabaab, they felt connected to the carnage caused by the bombings.The members of the “Group of Fifteen” did far more than just send wire transfers to fund al-Shabaab. They were tied in a much more significant way. Shockingly, this is not the first time naturalized American women in the United States have helped terrorist groups.In 2011, a judge convicted two Minnesota women of financially supporting the al-Shabaab as well. Amina Farah Ali and Hawo Mohamed Hassan faced a combination of 15 federal charges. Ali and Hassan collected money in the name of charity to fund al-Shabaab troops.Prosecutors described the Ali and Hassan crimes as:Advertisement“…the two women went door-to-door in the name of charity and held religious teleconferences to solicit donations, which they then routed to the fighters. The defendants said they believed the men were protecting their homeland from the Ethiopian army, which many saw as invaders.”The defense team, in this case, argued the women did not know about the connection to al-Shabaab. However, just as in the case of the “Group of Fifteen,” the pair received insider information about terrorist activities.Prosecutor Steven Ward described their connection to the terrorist group as:“…Ali and Hassan were in contact with key al-Shabaab leaders and getting frequent updates on the fighting. Their conversations showed they knew al-Shabaab was a terror group, sometimes celebrating casualties. In one of those calls, Ali told others to “forget about the other charities” and focus on “the jihad.” In another, she said, “Let the civilians die.”The women regularly received updates about terror attacks on local police.In an odd twist of fate, coming to the United States has changed how some Islamic women interact with the world around them. These women are assuming more leadership roles, but not in a positive way. They are working to support terrorist efforts; even as naturalized citizens, they have found joy in the pain of other Americans.It is becoming cleare that the face of terrorism is changing. We are no longer just looking for terrorists dressed in fatigues, fighting in far away places. They could also be the teenager next door, as in the case of Zakaryia Abdin, or the ladies you see in headscarves at the grocery store.When on American soil, the efforts of these terrorist supporters are not as dramatic as those fighting overseas. But they are an essential part of enabling those attacks to happen by sending financial support.Share:








Three Swedish police officers attempt to restrain Muslim migrant suspected of arson (pictured above).Cultures continue to clash as many refugees go to Europe in order to flee the violence raging through their home country. Unfortunately, many are failing to assimilate into the society of the country granting them protection. This addition to the population is causing altercations between police officers and refugees to increase in both frequency and severity. As a result, police are becoming less capable of enforcing the law. A recent example of this growing problem has been reported in Sweden. During what should have been a routine procedure, police officers ended up failing to detain a violent refugee. Despite their desperate attempts to restrain the suspect, which lasted several minutes, they failed and he was able to get away.A recently released cellphone video appears to show a Muslim refugee fighting off three female police officers at an asylum in Sweden. The video begins with the male refugee picking up scattered objects in an open courtyard. The camera then turns to the three officers watching off in the distance. The man proceeds to charge at the women, hurling debris at their car. He then lunged at one of the officers, narrowly missing her. AdvertisementA brave onlooker ran up from behind the violent suspect and managed to bring him to the ground. Two of the officers then pounced on him and attempted to restrain him with handcuffs. He struggled against both, forcing the third officer to intervene. Still, he managed to resist. A second onlooker rushed to help, grabbing the unnamed suspect by the neck. He managed to break free again and faced off against everyone. After dodging a couple of strikes, the suspect picked up nearby rocks and objects. He then started throwing them at the police car, shattering windows and denting the sides. After forcing the women to retreat, the attacker wandered off, disappearing into a nearby building.Twitter user PeterSweden shared part of the video on Twitter, sparking outrage. A full video of the encounter can be seen below (Warning, the video contains graphic content): Naturally, many clueless liberals may jump to conclusions and believe that the officers shown were harassing a poor, innocent minority. However, this particular individual was far from innocent. Apparently, they were investigating him for a series of arson attacks against the local community in the past few months. Despite being allowed safety in their country, this specific refugee decided that he only needed to obey the authority of police when he saw fit. AdvertisementAs Sweden continues to allow refugees to flood into their country, situations like this appear to become more widespread. Sweden has made headlines in the past as a result of their immigration problem. Many have spoken out against the country for allowing Muslim “no-go zones” to exist. The concern about these areas is extremely appropriate. In February, it was reported that Sweden had recently experienced a sharp rise in these areas. increasing to fifty-five. This is a direct consequence of immigration, resulting from the failure of particular newcomers to assimilate. Swedish law enforcement is becoming increasingly less capable of protecting the innocent.Police have repeatedly complained about how difficult it has been to monitor the areas. According to NRK, an officer reported that they were considering a career change, saying “we have a major crisis. Many colleagues are choosing to quit.”Swedish police.If police officers feel demoralized, or worse, if they quit, the risk only increases. Since many are already complaining about a lack of police presence, the consequences of this are extreme. It’s imperative that law enforcement officials feel like they are empowered by those they are protecting. Just like with a criminal, they should be considered innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. Unfortunately, many on the left would rather unfairly believe officers are guilty until they can prove beyond a reasonable doubt that they’re innocent. AdvertisementSome have even claimed that there are people within these “particularly vulnerable areas” allegedly enforcing Sharia Law using “morality police.” These individuals roam the streets to ensure people are behaving in accordance with the Quran.Many liberal feminists have spoken out against this creeping oppression. The widely known feminist Nalin Pekgul, known for bringing attention to the risks women living in the suburbs face, has said she’s no longer venturing into certain areas of Sweden. “In Tensta I am a known face and I had no desire to stir up trouble when I get harassed,” she says. According to her, “religious fundamentalists gained increasing space in the area and the place of women in the public sphere diminished.”Nalin Pekgul, a renowned liberal feminist in Sweden.On top of that, last year, a Norwegian film crew was attacked by a group of Swedish locals while they were trying to interview Tino Sanandaji, a Swedish economist and author. As an outspoken critic of mass migration into Sweden, he’s made many enemies. A library even refused to stock his book, calling it racist. Many of the “no-go zones” are so dangerous that some refugees are allegedly considering returning back to their war-torn countries. According to an interview with NRK, Mohammed Dame, a Somali immigrant, claimed, “it’s like a war zone. We do not know who gets shot. Bullets can hit you anywhere,” adding, “now there are more weapons than ever. There are more drugs than ever. There is more insecurity. Everyone is afraid. I dare to say the truth, there are not many who dare it.”AdvertisementDame emphasized the psychological torment many living in the area experience, saying, “People are desperate and terrified. They think of their children. They get a stomach ache every time they swing into the parking lot where they live. We are at war, with weapons and gun and drug everywhere. They have taken over the block where I lived. It can not continue this here.” He concluded, “maybe I’ll move back. I do not know. But I will not be moving around in Sweden. I want to feel safe.” Muslims protestors burn a Swedish flag.Swedish officials have formally denied the existence of any such areas. Snopes and others have corroborated their statements. According to the fact-checking website, allegations that “no-go zones” exist in Sweden are “false.” Snopes’ poorly researched conclusion relies on the testimony of a single officer in Sweden. The officer, Johannes Schultz, arrogantly states, “I don’t believe that there are ‘no-go zones.’” However, he appears to mistakenly believe that the areas of concern are areas where police officers are somehow prohibited from going into. When many raise concerns about their local community, they’re referring to areas with high levels of crime that are so dangerous, cops are reluctant to enter. Schultz dismisses the notion of “no-go zones,” suggesting it’s an overreaction. Specifically, he says, “I can understand why people feel like that. Because when something happens here in Rosengård, that’s a big thing in the media. So people that are never here, they read that.” As an example, he says “maybe one year ago, three cars burned overnight in Rosengård and the same night one car burned in a pretty good area in Malmö. I couldn’t see one line in the newspaper about the other car. The next day the big news stations were all over it here in Rosengård.”The problems in Sweden are so awful, that even President Trump has spoken out against it. During a rally, he claimed, “We’ve got to keep our country safe. You look at what’s happening in Germany. You look at what’s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden, who would believe this?”In response, many migrants appeared to prove his point by taking to the streets of Sweden and rioting. But despite the violent outburst and mockery by many on the left, Trump’s tweet was based on actual reporting by Fox News’ Tucker Carlson. After being pressed, Trump clarified that his tweet was in indeed in reference to a segment done by Carlson’s show. At a rally, he further explained, saying “Sweden. They took in large numbers [of refugees],” adding, “They’re having problems like they never thought possible.” My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2017Refusing to conform to a country’s hobbies and pastimes is possibly excusable. However, not abiding by the laws of the country is something that must not be tolerated. Other countries, including the United States, should learn from Sweden’s mistakes. Immigration must not be rushed and poorly thought through. Sweden proved that in order for the safety of those already living in the country, immigration must be gradual and controlled. Although fact-denying liberals are turning their backs to this information, determined to perpetuate ideas that have been proven failures, Trump thankfully recognizes the potential danger. Share:








High school student Evan Jimenez was assaulted by two members of the Rancho San Pedro gang, tag pictured on the right, while walking through an unincorporated area in Los Angeles County.On March 30, Evan Jimenez was walking home after a high school baseball game in San Pedro, California. Two men came from an alley in this unincorporated neighborhood and asked him what gang he was with. The fifteen-year-old replied that he wasn’t in a gang. These two men then proceeded to beat the young teen. First, they smashed him in the head with a liquor bottle. Then they attacked him with hands and feet, stomping the boy. Then, the men choked Jimenez until he was unconscious.Jimenez was found on the ground, beaten senseless, and taken to Harbor UCLA Medical Center.At the hospital, Jimenez’s trauma warranted a medically induced coma, which he has been in for three days. The doctors diagnosed Jimenez with brain swelling and fractures to his jaw and face. He is currently listed as being in stable but serious condition.AdvertisementEvan Jimenez in his hospital bed.The Jimenez family, which has been active on social media, said that in brief moments when Evan woke up, he literally kicked and punched and scratched, clearly still living in the moments of his assault.Where exactly did this assault take place? It took place in an area called La Rambla. If one searches for La Rambla on the internet, little will come up, except for the acknowledgment that it exists in L.A. County and that it does not participate in the census. This is not uncommon for Los Angeles.Los Angeles County, which is where San Pedro is located, is made up of 88 different incorporated cities. These each have their own city council, or an equivalent governing body, and they have their police forces. This already seems like a complicating factor in a variety of ways.AdvertisementHowever, it gets a worse. There are roughly 126 unincorporated areas that exist in Los Angeles County. They make up 65% of Los Angeles County. These areas have no police or government. This ambiguity means that departments don’t do crime prevention, as these areas are not their primary duty to patrol. They do investigate crimes or incidents that happen there..L.A. County Map: red signifies unincorporated areas.The Lomita Sheriff’s Department is tasked with responsibility for investigations in La Rambla. The sheriff’s deputies investigating this incident stated that they suspect the Rancho San Pedro gang. This is based on the fact that the gang has graffiti tagged many of the areas of La Rambla. The area is commonly known to be part of the gang’s territory. Considering this, and the random nature of the assault on Evan Jimenez, the sheriff’s department believes that this was part of a gang initiation.This assault brings to the forefront an issue facing Los Angeles and all major cities in the United States, which all identify as sanctuary cities; violent crime and gang activity amongst illegal aliens.AdvertisementAccording to the Department of Homeland Security, which is, for some reason, not allowed to compose a comprehensive list of the amount of illegal aliens, there are over 1 million illegal aliens in Los Angeles County. There is an estimated 3 million illegal aliens in all of California. This is based on census data – as is the approximation that 11 million illegal aliens live in the country.The clear problem is that some of these unincorporated areas, like La Rambla, are not taken into the census count. Moreover, in the areas that are counted, they assume that 100% of the illegal alien population is responding to census requests. Based on common sense, one can see that these numbers are flawed. There is no explanation at to why the DHS isn’t tasked with compiling a comprehensive list of illegal aliens’ presence and residence in the country. So, the number of 1 million is a conservative estimate.Population statistics are not only area where shady data propagates a narrative that is far from truth. In 2015, it was found that the LAPD was under-reporting violent crimes. Assault cases were reported as minor incidents. LAPD underreported 14,000 assault cases over the course of 8 years. This meant that L.A. was reporting data that indicated that the city was much safer than reality. Liberals picked up on this of course, advertising that crime was down.Never-Trumpers in L.A. where over one million illegal aliens live.Liberals and Hillary Clinton even pushed this idea during the 2016 election: that cities in the United States were safer than ever. They supported their statements by using national data, which is skewed by places like Idaho and Montana. In reality, violent crime is up in every major city. Chicago is the example that immediately comes to mind, with multiple shootings every day and a death toll that outpaces some war zones. Chicago is not the only one.AdvertisementLos Angeles Police Department reports that from 2015 to 2016 robberies are up 13%, aggravated assaults are up 10%, and homicides are up 5%. Overall violent crime was up by 10% over the last year and up 38% over two years. Now this data is disconcerting, but there is an even more fatal piece of information. LAPD estimates, as of 2007 (the most recent available data), that there are 120,000 gang members in Los Angeles. Most of these gangs are Latino and many of the members are illegal aliens living in unincorporated areas in Los Angeles County.Los Angeles is a sanctuary city and California is attempting to become a sanctuary state. This means that they will not enforce federal immigration law. L.A. will not comply with ICE or any other federal agency in regards to the deportation of illegal aliens. In fact, they will openly resist and impede deportation. The authorities in California, and the left, generally argue that these illegal aliens are being demonized, they are just like every other American, and they are being persecuted.The open resistance from California is done to protect illegal aliens and happens at the expense of American citizens like Evan Jimenez. How many American citizens have to be casualties to this policy of non-enforcement before lawmakers decide to do their jobs?Evan Jimenez has a GoFundMe where people can donate to cover the costs of his hospital bills and recovery costs.Share:








More than 100 previously deported sex offenders have been arrested at the Rio Grande Valley sector of the border since October 2016.Another story from the southern border shows yet again the truth of one of Donald Trump’s controversial claims. Quite often, when the media really goes after Trump over some statement, that’s just a sign it contains an important truth.Along the Rio Grande Valley sector of the border, during the fiscal year 2017, which began in October 2016, more than 100 previously deported sex offenders have been arrested attempting illegal re-entry into the United States from Mexico. In the same area and time period, 1,100 aliens have been arrested attempting to enter. Last Wednesday, two sex offenders were arrested at two different points in this border region on the same day.Last Wednesday, the Mobile Response Team working in Brooks County caught a Mexican national attempting to enter the United States illegally. After taking the suspect to the station, agents found the suspect had a criminal history that includes a 2007 charge for Aggravated Sexual Assault, according to a statement by Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro. He is being charged with illegal re-entry after having been previously deported for his sexual assault.AdvertisementOne hour later, Border Patrol agents near Sullivan City, Texas arrested a Guatemalan man with a criminal history that includes a charge of Aggravated Sexual Battery in 2007.Both of these arrests occurred in the Rio Grande Valley area. Below is a map showing this region, highlighted in red.The Rio Grande Valley, where the arrests took place, is just one small portion of the border.This is of course occurring all along the border, all the time.AdvertisementLook at how small the Rio Grande Valley sector is relative to the entire border. Just in that one tiny area, in a few months’ time, 100 previously deported sex offenders were caught coming from Mexico. Consider how many illegals may have eluded capture, and how many could be entering across the entire border.There are hordes of rapists and sex offenders crossing our border on a regular basis. Even after the election of Trump, when all would-be illegals know they will face stronger enforcement, confirmed criminals continue to pour in. The border is under siege. The good news is Border Patrol is hiring.This is a real sign in Arizona, one of the states most besieged by illegal aliens.It really cannot be said enough until the day that it is finally done. We need to build a wall. Furthermore, once that wall is built, we must guard it with unceasing vigilance. As the saying goes, “Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.”AdvertisementIt is actually a fact that Hispanics are raping children on a regular basis in the United States. For context, consider that this problem is rampant in certain cultures, which have not developed the same standards that we in the West have. Presumably, the majority of these crimes are taking place within their own communities in the United States, but that is no reason to tolerate it. North Carolinians for Immigration Reform and Enforcement have compiled extensive data on arrests of illegal aliens in North Carolina for indecent acts with children. Here are some samples from the collected data.In North Carolina, in January 2017, there were 19 illegal aliens arrested for 37 child sex crimes.In January, 21 illegals were arrested for 49 child sex crimes.In December 2016, 18 illegals were arrested for 48 sex crimes against children.In November 2016, 16 illegals were arrested for 82 crimes against children.AdvertisementGoing back further to December 2013, 89 individuals were arrested for 575 charges of sex crimes against children.And remember, liberals want these people to be in the country. They want to make their cities “sanctuaries” to draw these illegals to them, to protect these people, and to fight the lawful authority of the federal government to deport them.It’s obvious that the government and the big media companies are hiding the facts from the public and giving false information about immigrant crime. The media will run countless stories about how the West is guilty of “rape culture,” pointing to silly subliminal messages and faked research. Meanwhile, they promote the importation of a real rape culture from outside our borders.“When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re not sending you. They’re not sending you. They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.”With these simple words, Donald Trump set the world on fire.This is of course an excerpt from Donald Trump’s presidential campaign announcement speech. The media and establishment flipped out that someone famous would say such an outrageous thing. And of course the media proceeded to lie, to call Trump a liar or crazy, and to distort his words.The media told the public that Trump called all Mexicans rapists, which is of course not what he said. He was talking about illegal immigrants. He said a subset of those people are rapists, and another subset are presumably good people.And he actually based his claim on a factual report by Fusion showing 80% of women crossing the border get raped by the human smugglers while in transit.Everybody remembers and loves this classic.But what was so game-changing about this episode was the way Trump refused to back down even an inch. We live in a culture where celebrities regularly make mildly outrageous statements that violate some taboo. The media then comes down on them, and the offender issues a forced apology, as if they didn’t mean what they said. Trump didn’t just buck this nonsense. He made an art out of triggering the media into a frenzy and then using that energy to propel himself forward. Trump’s decades of experience with the media, his hard nosed experience in the cutthroat world of New York real estate, and his uncontrollable alpha personality make him the perfect person to destroy this culture of weak submission before the media. His remarkable resolve in the face of such bullying endeared him to millions of Americans.Share:








CAIR is confident that they will be listened to.The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has been the subject of questions and accusations regarding their link to violent groups. The increase in terror activity has meant even more attention on this organization with their sketchy history and suspect affiliations. CAIR’s new demand to President Trump has highlighted the status they believe they should be afforded.CAIR was founded in 1994 and boasts a “successful track record in its defense of civil liberties and tolerance.” Outside opponents might not be so quick to agree. It has repeatedly been shown that CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood are closely connected. As of 2015, the Brotherhood has been named a terrorist organization by the governments of Bahrain, Egypt, Russia, Syria, Saudi Arabia, and United Arab Emirates. Pressure has been building for President Trump to do the same in the United States.According to the Investigative Project on Terrorism, since 2007, CAIR has been repeatedly tied to Hamas and other terrorist activities. AdvertisementIn 2004, Yassin Aref was indicted after a year-long undercover investigation. The New York imam (Muslim holy leader) had taken part in a plan to purchase shoulder-fired missiles. In addition, he was helping to plot the assassination of the Pakistani ambassador to the United Nations. Fortunately, the whole plan was part of the sting.CAIR issued blanket, every Muslim is innocent-type statements.“All too often, these types of cases are used by those with political or religious agendas to smear Muslims and to demonize Islam. We should stick to the facts of the case and avoid generalizations and stereotypes that only serve to create societal divisions and promote anti-Muslim bigotry.”In addition, CAIR accused the government of conspiring to target Muslims, saying, “It’s a perplexing case, and the question we have is whether the government got these men to do something they otherwise wouldn’t have done.”  The only truly baffling statement is CAIR’s behavior. After Aref was convicted the group continued their defense.AdvertisementThey called the sentencing “draconian,” and “call[ed] on Congress to conduct hearings into the selective prosecution of Muslims since the 9/11 terror attacks.”Obama’s repeated concessions to groups like CAIR left Americans questioning his motives.2005 saw the case of Dr. Rafiq Sabir and CAIR rushing to his defense. Sabir and his accomplice were charged with providing support to al-Qaeda. The prosecution had video evidence of the man pledging his allegiance to the terror group. He ended up being convicted and sentenced to 25 years in prison.During his trial, the executive director of CAIR in Pembroke Pines, Florida told reporters;Advertisement“We’ve seen cases where Muslims are charged for XYZ and then cleared of the charges, so we need to make sure that all the facts are revealed. Muslims, in general, in America are still facing a lot of adversity…” CAIR has yet to make any further statements since Sabir’s conviction. In 2007, CAIR was named as a co-conspirator in a trial of five members of the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development (HLF). Serving as Hamas’ main fundraiser in the United States, HLF has even released videos celebrating terrorist attacks and showing training.Although unindicted, CAIR could not remove themselves completely from the messy details of that trial. The HLF members were standing trial for providing support to Hamas in the amount of at least $12 million.The 118-page investigation report by IPT reveals many more CAIR connections to, and condonation of, terrorist activities. Their claimed innocence appears to be little more than window dressing.AdvertisementDuring Obama’s presidency, CAIR enjoyed the perk of having his ear. His leniency, bordering on submission, to terrorist-tied organizations like CAIR, was disturbing to many. Multiple times over eight years, Obama met with top CAIR officials. He certainly wasn’t discussing their questionable loyalties, or his own.A recent demand from CAIR demonstrates how comfortable they have become with being in charge. They have demanded that Patrick Dunleavy, an instructor in the Air Force on counter-terrorism, be dismissed from his position.This is not the first time that CAIR has made, and accomplished, such bold requests. In one instance, the FBI was forced to get rid of training materials that CAIR deemed “offensive to Muslims.” However, this is the first time they organization has attempted the move with the new administration.Dunleavy is one of the military’s top instructors at the U.S. Air Force Special Operations School (USAFSOS) in Florida. His course, entitled “The Dynamics of International Terrorism,” provides “awareness and appreciation of the organization, motivation, operational capabilities and threat posed by terrorists on an international, national, and regional basis.”The program is designed for personnel with no prior anti-terrorism training. It is primarily focused on teaching measures to protect military members and their families by minimizing threats.Dunleavy is an experienced teacher. Before taking his current position he was the deputy inspector general for the New York State Department of Corrections. In that post he testified to Congress regarding the threat of Islamic radicalization in U.S. prisons.Patrick Dunleavy (left) and Stephen Emerson (right) are both anti-terrorism activists.Additionally, Dunleavy is a senior fellow at a non-profit think tank called Investigative Project on Terrorism (IPT), the same group that did the report on CAIR. Operating for decades, they “investigate the operations, funding, activities, and front groups of Islamic extremists. It is this capacity that causes problems for CAIR. It is unclear if they object to Dunleavy himself or IPT as a whole.CAIR calls the research organizations an “anti-Muslim propaganda mouthpiece.” They claim that the IPT “has made a number of false statements betraying a personal prejudice against Islam and Muslims.”Furthermore, CAIR states that the founder of IPT, Steven Emerson, has made “Islamophobic” statements about terrorist attacks. They offer little proof of their broad accusations, following standard operating procedure for them. In their view, any statement that is negative towards Muslims, is biased.Verification is not needed if a group has enough power. A reminder of their strength was included in a letter to Lieutenant General Webb about Dunleavy;“As you may recall in 2012, then Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey ordered the U.S. military to ‘scour its training material to ensure it doesn’t contain anti-Islamic content.”If the past two months are any indication, CAIR is about to get a rude awakening. President Trump has proven that he does not cave to pressure. A group with such close ties to terrorism is unlikely to encourage the president to change that stance.We hope that President Trump sends a strong statement to CAIR, one that will likely carry across the ocean to their terrorist allies; America will no longer cave to intimidation.
Share:








Susan Rice, former National Security Adviser pictured with former President Barack Obama.Throughout this past election, and continuing on through his presidency, liberals have spared no expense trying to stop President Trump. They persist, despite the fact that he has continued to prove his capabilities as President. Fortunately, there are diligent investigators stopping at nothing to reveal the questionable behavior conducted by members of the authoritarian left. They work tirelessly in order to reveal the activity that went on by the left behind-the-scenes. As information is revealed, an increasing number of concerned citizens are speaking out.After reports revealed that former National Security Adviser Susan Rice was personally responsible for the identities of U.S. persons being leaked, massive amounts of people called for an investigation and her for to testify under oath. Several of those calling for an investigation and asking her to testify have been government officials.Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) has been among the first to openly speak out against Rice and this recent revelation, calling for her to provide details about her involvement in the unmasking of U.S. citizens under oath. In a recent interview, he claimed the former official should be required to testify under oath about her involvement in the unmasking of U.S. citizens. Specifically, he said, “the fact that there could be a political figure in the Obama administration that was purposely searching a database, looking for Trump officials, I think confirms exactly what the president said when he said that the Obama administration was doing something nefarious with regard to surveillance on his transition team. And it sounds like they were.”AdvertisementSenator Rand Paul (R-Ky)Another government official making a demand for others to investigate is Scott Uehlinger, a former CIA operations officer. He called on officials to investigate what he calls “an abuse of power.” He criticized Rice after recent reports that she was at least partly responsible for revealing the identities of U.S. citizens intercepted during government surveillance. During an interview with Breitbart’s Raheem Kassam, Uehlinger stated, “I think it’s an issue which deeply concerns people like myself and other people, working-level officers in the intel community.” He added, “even though at this point, there seems to be no evidence of breaking the law, this ‘unmasking’ of people was ill-advised at best. I think it really shows that abuse of power and the fact that many people in the Obama administration were willing to violate the spirit of the laws designed to protect Americans, perhaps rather than the law itself.”Uehlinger is extremely familiar with government surveillance. He served in Azerbaijan, Tajikistan, Kosovo, and others. Officials in many of the countries that he was in used a wide variety of items to spy on what he was doing. Regarding the recent leaks, he claims he’s “been to this rodeo before, many a time.” The revelations came as no surprise to him. “I saw the storm clouds gathering several weeks ago, and everything I’ve suspected has so far come to fruition,” he said.AdvertisementScott Uehlinger, former CIA agent.During the interview, he spoke about the importance of trust between intelligence agencies and the American people, noting that it’s necessary to have if the government is expected to function effectively. Further, he suggested that intelligence agencies are currently losing the trust of the people because they appear as if they’re being used to attack political opponents. Although what Rice did may not be illegal, it has certainly caused Uehlinger to question her ethics. “[It’s] not breaking the law but playing very close to the line,” he reasoned. Even if what she did was legal, Rice still would have been criticized by the former CIA agent. During his time as an agent, the expectation for employees was to always “avoid the appearance of impropriety.” Regarding Rice’s situation, he notes, “this does not pass that smell test, definitely.”The ex-CIA official also slammed what he viewed as a double standard. Specifically, he spoke about how “the American people, average Americans like myself, are tired of seeing two sets of rules followed by the higher-ups and then the working-level people.” To Uehlinger, Rice is yet another example of this hypocrisy. “This is just part of that again. A working-level officer would have gotten into big trouble doing anything remotely like this,” he stated. “But now, we have a lot of people saying that she should just be given a pass.” Aggravated, he added, “While I understand, you know, it’s important that the Trump administration has to move forward with its domestic agenda, but these allegations demand to be further investigated.”AdvertisementHe even criticized those previously in power, saying, “The Obama administration relaxed the rule that allowed raw intelligence that was gathered by the NSA to be shared throughout the government.” But Uehlinger objected to this change, reasoning, claiming there’s no justification for doing so, citing a myriad of intelligence problems the agency is currently tasked with handling. To him, ulterior motives may be responsible. The former agent concluded, “since basically, the Obama administration has sort of loaded this with these rule changes and all to allow for leaks the fact that there is no ‘smoking gun’ of Trump administration collusion with Russia indicates that there isn’t any.” He reasons that if there actually was something substantial on Trump, it would have already been leaked given how relaxed the security protocol has become under Obama. Uehlinger spoke out after an investigation reported that Rice played a role in “unmasking” U.S. citizens. She was allegedly responsible for pushing intelligence agents to reveal the names of U.S. citizens monitored by the government. According to reports, White House lawyers found out that she repeatedly asked for the identities of specific U.S. people related to President Trump’s campaign in raw intelligence reports. Her repeated requests for the information are extremely suspicious. Although she insists that there was not any illegal or unethical activity taking place, her credibility wth regard to these matters is extremely poor. In the past, she claimed that the Benghazi attack was the result of a video on the internet and that Bo Bergdahl was brave regardless of whether or not he deserted his fellow men. She is one of many liberals caught up in a scandal. Earlier this month, former Obama administration Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia and Ukraine, Evelyn Farkas, revealed that the Obama administration was collecting information about Donald Trump and his team.Susan Rice, Obama’s former National Security Adviser.Despite desperate attempts, the authoritarian left has failed to prove any conclusive ties between the Trump administration and Russia. Instead, case after case of liberal corruption is being discovered. Rice is merely a manifestation of the problem, but she’s not the root issue. The problem with the Democratic party goes much deeper. Trump doesn’t need to just call for an investigation, but ensure that those responsible are held accountable. He also needs to push for legislation barring this behavior from happening again. This type of misconduct must not be tolerated. Share:








Black Lives Matter march boldly, but they will be doing so without as many white supporters. This they are doing by choice.One of the things that many people hoped for when President Obama was elected was a permanent easing of tensions between races. Many of those who voted for the first black President were white, something that showed that there was not the disharmony among the races that some had feared. However, something to dampen those hopes was quickly seen when it became apparent that any dissatisfaction with his policies would be purposefully misconstrued into an attack on Obama’s race. While untrue in 99% of all such reports, this worked to cause both doubt in the black community regarding whites, and cause angst in whites who felt that they no longer could critique a very liberal president.With the MSM slandering Donald Trump with every false and racist accusation that the printing press could spit out, this also worked to keep race relations on a knife’s edge, even after Obama left office. Now Black Lives Matter (BLM) is deepening the false narrative by saying that their future gatherings in Philadelphia’s chapter of the hate group will be a “black only space.” Whites, even those who wish to show support in person, will be told that they are not welcomed by the racist brood. Loyal white spouses? YOU NEED NOT APPLY. Whites are also “not allowed to be official members of the organization,” according to The Daily Wire. Perhaps is this because former NAACP head, Rachel Anne Dolezal, was not only white, but disgraced for claiming to be black, and today faces homelessness and relies on food stamps over her lie. Some whites still groveled to be let into the BLM group, even after being told to “get lost,” so to speak.AdvertisementThere will be closed meetings this coming April 15th when BLM will gather to talk over “projects and initiatives” for the rest of the year as they “meet, [sic] strategize and organize.” Children are encouraged to come and soak in the hate, but white people are shunned, “banned from the meeting,” according to the event’s Facebook Page. This means that the group is causing division even among its own liberal ranks. The actions will cause many whites who supported the cause to now question doing so in the future, not to mention cause even MORE strife between people based on skin tone over substance.Those on Twitter who noticed the prejudiced talk were quick to question the motives of Black Lives Matter Philly, but the group stuck by its decision, saying that their meetings are “black centered.” That means that, by BLM’s own words, the mere sight of a white person makes the whole meeting off center, something that if a white centered group were to say it would be rightfully condemned. It seems that America must embrace gay marriage, and businesses and landlords must obey fair hiring and practice laws, but BLM can ban whites from attending and no one says a word. Is it any wonder why so many blacks want nothing to do whatsoever with this group?The discrimination of the BLM Philly’ is on display for the entire world to behold.They did show their “tolerance” by extending the invitation to those who “identify as [sic] African disapora.” Their twitter posting said, “If you identify as a person of the African Diaspora You can attend our meetings and become a member. If not you can support us in other ways.” This open minded action simply means that those removed from Africa during the days of the Trans-Atlantic slavery trade are welcome to attend, i.e, other blacks. In essence, they just said that black people and other black people may show up for the event.AdvertisementWhen many of the more perceptive members of the thread asked about the clear violation of the teachings from the master of peaceful race relations, Martin Luther King Jr., the bigoted group slapped his memory in the face. When questioned on why MLK never did such things, BLM Philly said, “He made that choice and we have made ours. White people can support us but can not attend our meetings.” In other words, whites can send money, but they are not equal to blacks nor invited to the event. If this sounds racist and hurtful, it is!One chapter of Black Lives Matter beat a person savagely just for supporting the GOP candidate and President, Donald J. Trump.They went on to justify this cursed action by saying that “Malcolm X took our same stance.” This should cause mass amounts of alarm all throughout the internet for two reasons. For one, Malcolm X was leading an often violent movement while MLK espoused the teachings of the Prince of Peace. This may lead some to ponder if it is possible that this group could be looking to plan attacks or to bring harm upon to others, as they want as few people knowing about it as possible. While leaks were common, this tactic did work in some instances for the Black Panthers, a group that brought terror to American cities and communities in the 1960s, and has reformed again today.The other red flag in this is that Malcolm X was Islamic. Now it MUST be noted that the Nation of Islam is not ISIS, but then again, they are lead to a leader who pushes a racist agenda and is soft on radical Islamic leaders. With the left, who is in love with all things BLM, embracing radicalized Islamic leaders like Linda Sarsour, one has to wonder if this whole movement could turn violent.AdvertisementUnlike Martin Luther King, Malcolm X endorsed violence. This is quite alarming since BLM looks to him, not MLK.If these kinds of questions sound racist or phobic in some way, perhaps that is what happens when a group turns from a social justice crusade based on lies to a meeting of people who are acting now like a cult. Everyone knows that cults are notorious for parting followers with family, friends, and anyone “on the outside.” While they may not be worshiping comets or handing out Kool-Aid (yet), at what point does a logical person begin to see enough warning signs to fear that where there is smoke, a fire burns? Groups that close themselves off from everyone else are, while not always, often planning some rather disturbing actions. The legality of these actions can only be guessed at.Now that America is facing these kinds of problems in a way not seen since the Civil Rights era (when they still had a purpose), it is vital that everyone of both races separate themselves from all entanglement and affiliations with this group. Racism IS something that can go both ways, it is NOT dependent upon any perceived power or status, simply facts. Black Lives Matter Philadelphia is showing that hatred and bigotry can go both ways, and as a civil society we must snuff it out in whatever form it takes. This includes hateful groups posing as social justice warriors fighting an imaginary dragon called “white privilege.”Share:








Senator Warren speaks loudly against wage gaps, she doesn’t act.“I honestly can’t believe that we are still arguing for equal pay in 2014.” Elizabeth Warren, the well-known Democratic senator from Massachusetts, began a speech to her fellow senators with those words. Given on April 8, 2014, Warren was addressing the day designated as “Equal Pay Day.”The day was created by the National Committee on Pay Equity twenty years ago. Each year, the Census Bureau’s unadjusted gender pay gap numbers are used to “determine how far into the next year women would have to work to match annual earnings of men.”Feminists have seized the issue of equal pay with the fervor of rabid dogs. It is a favorite topic of female lawmakers because they know they can bank on women’s agreement and men’s guilt. Warren is never afraid to take advantage of any leverage possible.Advertisement“In 99.6% of all occupations, men get paid more than women…that’s not an accident, that’s discrimination.”Surely to the dismay of all liberals, last year’s report shows that women only earned 79.6% of what men earned. This put Equal Pay Day today, April 4, 2017. However, that is a slight increase over 2015. Two years ago, women were making 78.6% of men’s wages, giving them earnings of $40,742 compared to men’s $51,212.AdvertisementShe has already made her ferverent speech for this recent war on women. A new report by the Washington Free Beacon shows that Elizabeth Warren should have avoided commenting this year.Today is #EqualPayDay – and I cannot believe I have to give another speech fighting for equal pay for equal work for women.— Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) April 12, 2016AdvertisementAn analysis of Senator Warren’s staff reveals that the wage gap between her male and female employees is larger than the national average. Women on her staff only made 71 cents for every dollar made by male staffers. This makes her statement today look even worse; “In the year 2016, at a time with self-driving cars and computers that sit on your wrist, women still make only 79 cents for every dollar a man makes.”The median annual earnings shows the sharp reality of the pay received by Warren’s staff. Women working for the liberal senator made $52,750 on average. That is a shocking $20,000 less than the men earning $73,750.Using average salaries instead of a median, the pay gap spikes to just over $26,000. Senator Warren has said the wage gap is “a problem, a big problem.” Why is this egregious problem even larger in her own office?In 2016, Warren employed only one full-time female employee that made a six-figure salary. That honor went to her director of scheduling, she earned $100,624.88. In contrast, five full-time male employees hit the mark;Director of oversight and investigations – $156,000AdvertisementLegislative director – $149,458Deputy chief of staff – $119,375Massachusetts state director – $152,310Deputy state director – $113,750All these men earned more than Warren’s highest paid female staffer. There are arguments that attempt to explain the wage gap, offering contributing factors that can affect salaries. The senator does not allow for those arguments, at least in her lectures. She claims that the American workplace is “rigged against women.” In her speech, she railed against the injustice;
“Today is Equal Pay Day, and by the sound of it, you would think it’s some sort of historic holiday commemorating the anniversary of a landmark day that our country guaranteed equal pay for women. But that’s not what this is about. Not even close.”#EqualPayDay isn’t a national day of celebration. It’s a national day of embarrassment.— Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) April 12, 2016This time, Elizabeth Warren has truly made history. The last time the national wage gap was as wide as it was in her office in 2016 was in the year 1995. Warren’s office sends women more than 20 years into the past. How can she speak about a rigged system?Warren is in good, or at least famous company, though. On the list of politicians who pay women less than men, Hillary Clinton rests firmly.Clinton has been consistent. The wage gap began when she was a New York senator and continued into her position as secretary of state. In what was viewed as a liability by some on her team, the gap existed even as she ran for as presidential candidate for women of AmericaLiberal hypocrisy also clouded Obama’s statements about the unfair practice of paying men more. Women at the White House were paid less than their counterparts.Louisiana Democratic Governor, Jon Bel Edwards pays women staff less. Last month, he was the host of an “equal pay summit.” Andrew Cuomo signed two orders recently to eliminate the wage gap in his state. He should probably start with his own employees.This makes Senator Warren’s other comments, that fault lies with the GOP, comedic. “Heck, they’d rather spend their time trying to defund Planned Parenthood health clinics and cut women’s access to birth control than do anything — anything at all — to give working women a raise,” she said.Senator Warren’s office did not respond to inquiries about the wage issue. The debate over equal pay is far from over. There are too many factors to provide a simple answer. While the issue is not settled, Warren and her liberal friends should realize that their arguments would be far more convincing if they bothered to put it into practice themselves.Share:








Youth Services of Tulsa hosts sex education workshops at local schools.Liberal educators continue to encroach upon parent’s rights. An Oklahoma mother was infuriated after her daughter’s school whisked the 16-year-old to a Tulsa clinic and implanted a birth control device into her arm. Miracle Foster was duped into believing that her child was going on a fun, educational trip. She was never informed that her daughter was instead undergoing an invasive medical procedure until the girl was already home. “Had I known that this field trip was for her to get that done, I would not have allowed her to go,” Foster told KOKI-TV. “I just did not expect this…My child went on a field trip, and she came back with this in her arm.” AdvertisementPublic schools in America are abysmal. There are a few exceptions scattered throughout the country but, by and large, school districts in the U.S. are failing to give students an adequate education. Homeschooling is so impractical that families are forced to entrust their children to the government. Langston Hughes Academy for Arts & Technology, where Foster’s daughter is enrolled, hosts an annual sex education workshop for students. This year students had so many questions that administrators teamed up with Youth Services of Tulsa to organize a school trip to the clinic. Once there, Foster’s daughter was given the implant.Miracle Foster was outraged when she learned what happened to her daughter.The device lasts for three years. It’s hormonal birth control, which means that many women experience side-effects. It’s impossible for doctors to predict how every woman’s body will react. Millions of women use Norplant without problem, but nay are not so lucky. AdvertisementTitle X federal guidelines state that children as young as twelve can receive contraception without parental consent. We don’t allow minors to drink and they can’t vote. Yet they’re allowed to decide their own medical care? A twelve-year-old child cannot legally have sex with anyone. So why should he or she be allowed to take birth-control without a parent’s knowledge?After the media latched onto Foster’s story, the principal of Langston Hughes Academy released the following statement: “This was not a field trip. Youth Services of Tulsa does an annual in-service on Sex Education. They offer students an opportunity to contact them on their own for more information. The parent gave her child permission to leave the school. Under Title X, once young people are at the clinic and are of reproductive age, they can make decisions on their own without parental consent. As you can understand this situation involves a minor and we do not release information about students. Nevertheless, the student was well within their rights of Title X which is a federal guideline that provides reduced cost family planning services to persons of all reproductive age.”If the school isn’t guilty of breaking the law, it’s only a sign that our laws are too lenient. School nurses usually have to obtain parental consent to administer aspirin. Yet Youth Services of Tulsa is obviously free to perform any number of procedures on students.AdvertisementLangston Hughes Academy for Arts & Technology shipped students to a sexual education clinic.It doesn’t matter what you think about birth control; this story is about individual rights as a parent. School administrators shouldn’t be involved in a girl’s decision to go on birth control. The only opinions that she should care about, beyond her own, are her doctor’s, and yes, her parent’s. Langston Hughes Academy’s website claims that the school’s mission is to “enhance the development of at-risk students in grades 9-12 through graduation and acceptance into college or career technical institutions.”Alienating a girl from her parents hardly constitutes a good way to improve her life. Perhaps Foster had already decided that she wanted her child to get the implant. Maybe she had already made an appointment. It doesn’t matter. What the school did would still be considered despicable. Administrators and teachers took on the role of parent and guardian to Foster’s child. They had no idea what she desired for her daughter, yet that didn’t stop them from embedding a medical device into the girl’s arm. “I just feel like my rights as a parent were violated,” Foster told KOKI-TV.AdvertisementFoster believes that she should have been the one to talk to her child about birth controlHer rights were violated. Her child underwent an invasive procedure without her consent. If the girl had chosen to keep her adventure to herself rather than come clean, Foster would have had little chance of ever finding out what happened. She didn’t even get the courtesy of a nurse or doctor informing her of the potential risks that her daughter was now exposed to. Youth Services of Tulsa has been in partnership with local school districts for the past four years. Parents have complained about the group’s methods before this latest incident. It’s unlikely however that Tulsa officials will end the relationship anytime soon. The liberal grip on education is so tight that even red states are in their control.Share:








Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and other GOP members are ready to go “nuclear” over Judge Gorsuch and Democratic opposition.Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch, has faced every pointed and rudely intended question imaginable by people like Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.). They have asked him how he may rule on cases that have not yet been heard, something that other judges in his shoes have declined to comment on. This is true on both sides of the aisle. For that matter, Gorsuch is really not that conservative, as seen by his apparent stance on the “settled law” of gay marriage. Democratic opposition to the moderate Judge has lead Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) to declare that there is “no other choice” but to employ what Breitbart News calls “the nuclear option.” Simply put, that means diminishing the “60-vote filibuster threshold for a Supreme Court nominee to a simple majority.”A reporter asked, “Mitch McConnell, the leader is prepared to go nuclear here,” to which the Senator replied, “Yeah. We have no other choice. We’re not going to have a tradition of the senate where they get their judges and President Trump can’t get his.” Not only is this showing that some roads have been paved since the campaign days that saw Trump giving out Graham’s personal number to everyone but the bathroom wall, but also that there is a moral question at play here. Ruth Bader Ginsburg was President Bill Clinton’s pick, a hardline liberal who was the head of the leftist ACLU. While this fact was a malady to the health of conservative ideals, her credentials – though not her judgment – spoke boldly in her favor. Quite frankly, she was qualified, even if the right detested her.Judge Neil Gorsuch is Trump’s choice to replace Justice Scalia.AdvertisementFast forward to the presidency of George W. Bush and his pick for the Supreme Court, Harriet Miers. Here is a judge that was savaged. Nowhere to be found were the voices on the left supporting a “powerful woman.” Instead, she had her qualifications assaulted to such a degree that she decided to remove her bid for the post. When the shoe was on the other foot, her accomplishments and legal prowess meant nothing to the callous left. Now we are seeing it yet again. Obama gets to nominate those leaning left, but if a man such as Gorsuch even looks to the right as he stands in the middle, he is called a NAZI.When asked by the same reporter, “When do you see potentially a floor vote?” Graham replied, “At the end of the week. It’s sad but we are where we are.” This is again the refrain from those who stand near the Constitution, which is something noticed often when dealing with the wiles of the Democrats. What it boils down to is that the godless can be promoted, but any judge that finds a place for any God mentioned within the founding documents is to be vilified.The left and the MSM has hurled every fake accusation imaginable towards Trump and to Gorsuch.Likewise, if a judge suggests that abortions are legal, even up to the eve of the actual birth, then such a person is fit to rule on the nation’s highest court. If the same judge were to question if it is murder to cut a viable baby from its mother by suctioning the brain from it’s crushed skull, then that judge is said to be unfit due to his hatred of women. God forbid if the judge were to observe the fact that the Constitution says that abortion, like healthcare, should be an issue left to the states, something not even addressed by the Supreme Court. This, to the left, would be grounds for stoning the offending judge in question.AdvertisementTo get around these facts, an elaborate and needless dance is done with every nominee that any leader sends up for confirmation. Step one, questions about how a judge would rule if “FILL IN THE BLANK” were to happen. To that, the judge replies that there is no way to answer since facts of any case could sway an answer that may appear right today. Judges will often use this tactic so that future cases are not thought to have an outcome before all truths are gathered.Ted Cruz (R-TX) has said that Judge Gorsuch is being treated unfairly by the left in America during his confirmation.From there the dance goes onward, droning to the point where the judge is asked how he or she feels about “FILL IN THE BLANK.” This they do to try and trap the judge into saying whether or not they are pro-gun, pro-life, etc. Once this data is used, it can be manipulated by the opposing side to ruin the judge’s prospects. So, the judge replies with something like, “My personal feelings on the matter have no ruling in my interpretation of the law.” This dance goes on and on with the same cadence coming in reply to every question on every hot button topic. Both sides are so galvanized that almost no one can speak freely and there is almost NO mention of the judge’s actual qualifications.That is the saddest part! No one reads much in the paper about what any judge has done, or how their ruling affected the community and state. It is about the coat hanger, the guns, and any other agenda that the one asking the question can drum up. At the end of the day, what the average American knows about any potential Supreme Court Judge is the kind of information that they would want if they were running for President of the United States of America, not as a Justice. This one fact speaks volumes about how badly our sense of civic importance has been mired in left vs. right mindsets.AdvertisementSupreme Court Justice nominee Neil Gorsuch has faced a barrage of Trump hatred more than he has a confirmation hearing.With or without Graham’s “nuclear option,” the fact that it has come to even discussing this over someone as middle of the road with his conservative views as Gorsuch is a testimony to a flawed set of Senators. It may be time to really consider how many incumbents on either side we wish to keep in office if this is the kind of thing that America is going to have to face every time that a president chooses a Supreme Court Judge. There are more important things to the people of the U.S. than who our Supreme Court Justices have voted for, and that is basically what this amounts to.Share:








Former National Security Advisor Susan Rice is now tied to the “unmasking” scandal that rocked this country for the past week. The House Intelligence Committee has now officially gotten Susan Rice to testify.According to the WSJ, Rice is on a list of witnesses that were drawn up as part of the probe into the scandal. House Republicans and Democrats both agreed on the list of 30 witnesses.Here’s what Rand Paul said:Earlier on Tuesday, Rice said that she didn’t use the info on Trump’s associates for political reasons. She says that she didn’t leak anything about Mike Flynn.Here is the woman herself saying that she “didn’t leak nothing to nobody”:The next questions is who did the leaking. Susan Rice is going to have to answer for the unmasking scandal. Trump is going take all of these people down. Just you wait.*** SHARE the good news! Get this out there. SHARE it 500,000 times. The mainstream media doesn’t want this getting out. (h/t Zero Hedge)








Obama is in BIG trouble now. First we found out he was spying on Trump. Then we learned that Susan Rice was behind the unmaskings. Now a CIA officer has stepped forward with GROUNDBREAKING info!Uehlinger told Breitbart News,“Even though at this point, there seems to be no evidence of breaking the law, this ‘unmasking’ of people was ill-advised at best. I think it really shows that abuse of power and the fact that many people in the Obama administration were willing to violate the spirit of the laws designed to protect Americans, perhaps rather than the law itself.”This is not some minor breakthrough, either. It could be tantamount to treason. According to Mr Uehlinger, Trump needs to step away from his policies and get to the bottom of the IMMEDIATELY.“While I understand, you know, it’s important that the Trump administration has to move forward with its domestic agenda, but these allegations demand to be further investigated.”I, for one, agree with this CIA officer that Susan Rice and Obama need to be investigated and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Share this if you feel the same!








President Donald Trump has been doing a GREAT job so far. He is driving the establishment INSANE! However, there is one woman who he trusts above all others: Ivanka Trump.Ivanka has worked a ton and had to put up with a TON of crap since her dad joined politics. However, today she did an interview where she CRUSHED all the haters for good!Ivanka sat down with CBS host Gayle King. Mrs. King asked Ivanka some tough questions. Like how it feels to be called “complicit” by the leftists.Ivanka then glared into the camera and explained she is not complicit unless it means she is driven and working hard to make the world a better place!Boom! Of course, they were referring to a nasty online rumor spread by Saturday Night Live that Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner are complicit in Donald Trump’s “tyranny.”Here is the SNL clip that Ivana just DESTROYED:But Ivanka was not done there.Gayle King also brought up the fact that leftists LOVE to say Ivanka never stands up to her day. Ivanka just called it a FAKE story!Ivanka says she chooses to disagree directly and not make “public denouncements” of her father because he listens to her opinion and cares about what she thinks.Donald Trump may only have been Presidents for a few months, but Ivanka Trump is by far the BEST First Daughter America has ever had. PERIOD!Let’s show the world how Amazing she is and get this Shared out all over the place. Who here LOVES Ivanka?!








Wikileaks founder Julian Assange tweeted out a series of warnings to the liberals on Monday. He started with a tweet to explain how the American left has embraced the institutions that it once hated.JULIAN ASSANGE: US 'progressives' are celebrating neocons, FBI & CIA in their existential battle to dethrone Trump https://t.co/9OyJLwR5kI— Julian Assange (@JulianAssange) April 3, 2017Assange then linked to the amazing video by Paul Joseph Watson that explained that conservatism is the new counter-culture. Yeah. You heard that here. Conservatives are cool again.It’s cool to be patriotic again. Communists need to start running scared.Julian Assange warned that the left better come back to the middle or they will get destroyed by the right. Nobody listens to the mainstream media.Unless the left disengages from establishment capture the alt-right will destroy it:1) https://t.co/BpA18idxFw2) https://t.co/BpA18idxFw— Julian Assange (@JulianAssange) April 3, 2017SHARE this right now! Get this out there. Let the Democrats know that we the people of the United States want our rights back.Share this with a liberal that you know! Let them know that they now stand for the Deep state and not for the people of this country. Tell them to turn off CNN. Tell them to cancel their New York Times subscription. Tell them that we both bleed the same American blood and we will work together to make this country great again. (h/t The Gateway Pundit)








Independent journalist Mike Cernovich had a phone conference on air with GotNews founder, Chuck Johnson. You can watch that below. THIS IS HUGE: According to Chuck Johnson, Sean Hannity and Erik Prince were spied on by Obama.This is massive. Obama was the spy king. The liberal media won’t admit it but Obama spied on EVERYONE! Frickin’ Everyone.BREAKING NEWS! Obama administration spied on Sean Hannity and Erik Prince, per Chuck Johnson.— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 4, 2017Sean Hannity needs to know this. Get this out there! This just came out right after leftist media pointed out that Erik Prince had a secret meeting in Seychelles.Here is what Sean Hannity said about the Susan Rice issue:*** SHARE this 500,000 times!! Sean Hannity needs to know. Get this out there, patriots! (h/t The Gateway Pundit)








Susan Rice was entitled to ask that the names of Trump’s transition team members be unmasked as part of her role in the government, but when she revealed their identities, it could now be considered “espionage.”That’s what Judge Napolitano says:It’s plain and simple.“It depends on what she did with the information she unmasked,” the Fox News legal analyst told the “Fox & Friends” program, after he was asked if Rice broke any laws.Here is what he said below:“If she needs to know to whom the ambassador was speaking, in order to understand the conversation, she can do that,” said Napolitano. “Can she reveal the identity of the American for a purpose other than national security? Absolutely not.”Then Juge Napolitano took it further:If Rice had gotten the names and then passed them on to Obama by saying, “By the way, guess what Trump and Manafort were talking about last night” then that would be considered “espionage.”If this is true, then Susan Rice is going to be in big trouble and this is going to finally make steps to drain the swamp.*** SHARE this 1 million times if you think that Obama should pay for his crimes!We have to keep the energy high. We cannot let the Democrats sweep this one under the rug. Trump needs us! (h/t News Max)








Anyone who has been watching the news recently is sure to have heard all about North Korea and their nukes. They also know President Donald Trump is NOT happy about it and he and Mattis are ready to STRIKE BACK!Well, today one of America’s top Army Generals, Four-Star General Jack Keane, gave President Trump exactly what he needs…That’s right. A full out, pre-emptive strike is quickly becoming our ONLY option.Keane told the Times,“A preemptive strike against launch facilities, underground nuclear sites, artillery and rocket response forces and regime leadership targets may be the only option left on the table.”Now the Four-Star General is not necessarily happy about this. He understands how significant that attack would be and that it would most likely lead to a years-long ground war with North Korea.He was HOPING China would help but after YEARS of diplomacy, they have made it very clear they will NOT support us.“Our attempts to leverage China in the past have failed miserably. Sanctions have not worked against North Korea and I doubt more sanctions will and I don’t believe sanctions against China will work any better.”Still, President Trump will be having a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping this weekend and ask him one, final time to help out with North Korea.If you are glad we are finally dealing with the MASSIVE threat of Kim Jong Un, then don’t let the MSM stop this from getting out. It’s time to get this Shared out across the whole internet!!








LifeZette editor-in-chief Laura Ingraham went on Fox News and blasted the media for not reporting on Susan Rice. This is a major scandal.This Susan Rice is going to EXPLODE. The liberal media is literally freaking out trying not to cover it. Seriously.Watch this. It’s frickin’ embarrassing.Here is what LifeZette said: “In the wake of bombshell reports Monday indicating former national security adviser Susan Rice had “unmasked” associates of President Donald Trump, the mainstream media largely ignored the story or even flatly denied the seriousness of the revelations.”“This is such a low point for the American media,” LifeZette Editor-in-Chief Laura Ingraham said on Fox News’ “Fox & Friends” on Tuesday. “I mean, they have been pounding the Russia story for weeks — even though top officials have said they have no evidence that any Russia involvement in our election or attempt to meddle in our election had any effect. They stay on that story.”This proves that the media is going to bury this story. They are pushing the Russia fake news story over the wiretapping one for the past 24 hours. Most CNN anchors are claiming this story as “baseless” and “nonsense.”**** SHARE LAURA’S WORDS! The mainstream media doesn’t want this getting out.Thanks for reading. (h/t Lifezette)








Most Americans haven’t heard of this story yet. Former Congressman Michele Bachmann (R-MN) said that the FBI listening to President Donald Trump’s staffers talk to Russians was “worse than Watergate.”Here is the video with Michelle Bachmann below:You heard that right here:What Democrats did to Donald Trump was “worse than Watergate.”She said this to USA Radio host Rusty Humphries on Monday. Where is the media on this?? They are investigating fake Trump-Russia connections.“This is a thousand times worse than Watergate,” Bachmann told Humphries. “This is the only thing the press should be talking about for the next month.”“This is against the law. What the Obama administration did is surveil Americans citizens for political purposes to hurt the Trump campaign politically,” Bachmann said.*** SHARE MRS. BACHMANN’S WORDS! Keep the energy up. The Democrats and their media are trying to bury this story. We cannot let them. This is worse than Watergate. Do not let this drop!!Here is what Tucker Carlson said last night about this. He does a great job.Thanks for reading. (h/t Raw Story)








Tonight it has been finally made clear that Republicans are DONE Messing around.Sen Lindsey Graham said,“If we have to, we will change the rules. It looks like we’re going to have to.Yesterday the Democrats managed to reach the 41 people they needed to filibuster Gorsuch. It’s like McConnell told FOX News,“I think it is noteworthy that no Supreme Court justice has ever in the history of our country been stopped by a partisan filibuster- ever.”The only option Republicans have left is to change the rules from 60 people supporting the nominee to a simple 51-49 majority.President Trump put up Neil Gorsuch up for Supreme Court because he is PERFECT for the job. He is qualified, smart, and even won unanimous support from the Senate once before.Fine. You know what, if Democrats wanna fight dirty, then two can play at this game. I say we do what is needed to get Gorsuch in place. After that, we can do a ton more to help get our country back on track.If you wanna see Republicans fo WHATEVER it takes to guarantee Neil Gorsuch ends up on the Supreme Court, then Share this everywhere and let the world know!








Mark Cuban may look like a fool most the time, but after what he said about Trump today there is not a person in the world who will listen to him again..Now Cuban is not great at reading people. After all, his logic assumes that Donald Trump is too dumb to work with Putin. Oh yeah? Well he still beat you and Hillary!9) No chance this is a DJT led conspiracy. He isn't detail oriented, organized or big picture enough to pull off any time of conspiracy— Mark Cuban (@mcuban) April 1, 2017This tweet chain was all part of his BS conspiracy, totally made up, about how Trump REALLY won the election.Just to remind all y’all, Mark Cuban volunteered to run as both Trump’s and Hillary Clinton’s Vice President. Neither said yes.I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017Also, just a few weeks back Cuban spoke directly to Breitbart where he complimented Trump’s economic policies.See? There are 2 lessons to be learned here:So thanks, Mr. Cuban. Your rambling has once again reminded us WHY we elected Trump in the first place. Maybe Cuban’s brain doesn’t work too well…Who the hell really knows?








On Sunday, Mike Cernovich made the connection that National Security Advisor Susan Rice is the Obama administration leaker and unmasker.WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW.Here is what Mike Cernovich wrote on his Medium:“The White House Counsel’s office identified Rice as the person responsible for the unmasking after examining Rice’s document log requests. The reports Rice requested to see are kept under tightly-controlled conditions. Each person must log her name before being granted access to them.”“Upon learning of Rice’s actions, H. R. McMaster dispatched his close aide Derek Harvey to Capitol Hill to brief Chairman Nunes.”“Unmasking” is the process of identifying individuals whose communications were caught in the dragnet of intelligence gathering. While conducting investigations into terrorism and other related crimes, intelligence analysts incidentally capture conversations about parties not subject to the search warrant. The identities of individuals who are not under investigation are kept confidential, for legal and moral reasons.”John Bolton repeated Cernovich’s claims and said that if Susan Rice is going to have some real legal problems.Ain’t that the truth..@AmbJohnBolton says Susan Rice defrauded the intelligence system: “She’s got real legal problems here.” #MAGA #Dobbs @POTUS pic.twitter.com/IIqdBN5AS0— Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) April 3, 2017*** SHARE this, patriots!! We need to get this out there. The mainstream media is trying not to cover this, but the smoking gun just leaked that will ruin Obama.Thanks for reading and please help us get this out there. Please help Liberty Writers fight the mainstream media. It’s only with your help that we can even try.








When it comes to keeping the US safe, Secretary of Defense James Mattis is NOT messing around. For years we have sat by and let North Korea threaten us. Those days are over!Yesterday Mattis met with his British counterpart, Michael Fallon. The two were holding a joint Press Conference when Secretary Mattis dropped this bombshell,Mattis told his crowd,“This is a threat of both rhetoric and growing capability.”“We are working diplomatically, including with those that we might be able to enlist in this effort to get North Korea under control, but right now it appears to be going in a very reckless manner. That’s got to be stopped.”See? He is not messing around.Mattis’s message was loud and clear: Kim Jong Un has one final chance to STOP building nukes and threatening us or we WILL defeat him for good!Like he said, he is hoping for Diplomacy, but not afraid of a good fight if needed.He also sent a warning to Putin telling him to back off his political and social tampering in the world or there WILL be consequences!Are you proud to have a man like James Mattis in charge? If so, Share this out and let everyone know!During the first Korean War we used standard WW2 weapons and still had trouble stopping the Chinese but we did . Nobody knows to this day how many Chinese were lost, I know a lot of them were captured and most didn’t want to go back. Now we have the Gatling gun style machine guns that will make the Devils paint brush incredibly more red wth blood.That Korean whimp just got what he deserves. He knows if he doesn’t straighten up Mad dog will slap him into next weekvery proud of Mad Dog.  So pleased our President chose him.








Today, Donald Trump was supposed to sign some MAJOR executive orders on trade. That is NOT what ended up happening…Trump, Mike Pence, and the whole crew showed up ready for the signing. The President went to the podium, looked down, and got PI$$ED!He is sick and tired of these deals. He is not gonna simply sign any mediocre orders. Instead, he swore to take down ALL the trade cheaters out there.Trump said,Trump also ordered his staff to review all of our debts and compile a list for him of countries contributing to our deficit.If you ask me, it’s GREAT to see a president taking so much initiative in trying to get our trade and finances back on track.At the same time, he is giving the military the money they were needing and lowering our deficit.Hey, if all y’all are as proud as I am of Mr. President Trump, do him a big old favor and help Share this out.Donald J Trump is awesome. He is hard at work daily to get America great again and it’s not politics. If it’s not good for America he works to get it right. For too long many people/countries have walked all over us and “leaders” thought it wouldn’t be politically correct to stand up to it. Take the politics out of  the equation and we’ve got a real leader. I am proud that President Trump is our leader.So what did he see that made him so mad?https://youtu.be/fgsJ4y9vWXgDanny, you need to change this story. He didn’t walk out because of the terms of the agreements or what VP Pence showed him, POTUS walked out because a reporter started to ask him about Mike Flynn and his request for immunity. Clearly POTUS was making a clear statement that he wasn’t going to allow these reporters to change the celebratory mood and the agenda of the signing.Standing up for the American People good job Mr.TrumpThank you, Mr. President.  We the people are counting on you to stop this insanity.  So far you are doing a FANTASTIC job.   Love for you and your family from a grandma in Topeka, Ks.   Drain the swamp and Make America Great again.Its now that America is getting its manliness…..all lost during the past 10 years.Raise fines on those nations detering Trade BUT Not on products on the Govts alone.
Deter tourism for Trade.
Seize assets.good for you mr trump were behind you all the way it looks like your going to have to get tuff with some of thes things its clear that the dems are not going to do eneything but go against every thing you try to do and that cant be good for the country and for this reason maney of them will be voted out of office in 2018 we also have a few republicans that are on the border line of being bumped off to if the dont start going along with the program these dam fools dont think they can be voted out but they will be verry supprised come 2018 they dident think you would winn the election ether but they under estamated the silent voters we the people are tired of these people if they dont want to govern then we will replace them with some that will so keep up the good work mr president and stay tuff we appreciate youI am very proud of President Trump.Some people call it protectionism or a trade war, DJT calls it smart business, I agree.








Just minutes ago the Judge Neil Gorsuch became one MASSIVE step closer to being our next Supreme Court Justice! Donald Trump’s plan to restore America is WORKING!The Senate Judiciary Committee gets to decide on the viability of a Supreme Court Candidate. It looks to me like Judge Gorsuch fits the bill pretty nicely.Unfortunately, it looks like the nasty Democrats are STILL planning on filibustering this very qualified judge. The sad part is, a qualified Judge has NEVER been filibustered in history! This could shake our very nation to it’s core with the ramifications.This will force the Republicans to use the Nuclear option to get Gorsuch into the court.This is also not preferred since it changes the voting rules of Justices to 51-49 instead of 60-40, meaning Democrats can use it next time too!So now we need prayers and Shares. We need prayers for Neil Gorsuch to find his way into the Supreme Court and prayers for the Democrats that they find it in their hearts to NOT destroy our country and just let the Supreme Court work.








A bomb just went off on Monday in St. Petersburg Metro. There are 10 people dead currently. It looks like terrorism and Vladimir Putin has named it such so far.Here is the live video via Russia Today:Let’s say some prayers for Russia. We may have our disagreements with them but they do not deserve to get bombed by terrorism. All the St. Petersburg Metro stations have been closed and are on lockdown.Two nail bombs on St Petersburg metro kill at least 10 as Putin visits city for meeting https://t.co/NQQ7rWExxb pic.twitter.com/WrEKhz9zkH— Daily Mail Online (@MailOnline) April 3, 2017The door was blown off the train and a huge hole has been seen on the outside of the Metro train. There are reports that the bomb was laced with shrapnel.BREAKING: St. Petersburg subway press office: Explosive device was set off on a train in the Russian city.— The Associated Press (@AP) April 3, 2017This video shows a huge hole in the Metro train in St. Petersburg. This is horrible.Watch deadly blast in St Petersburg. The blast killed 10 and caused injuries.  pic.twitter.com/h7NgbLxBgo— A Anderson (@Ward4Anderson) April 3, 2017Here is another video showing the holes in the train.At least 10 killed and 30+ injured in twin blasts on Metro trains at #StPetersburg pic.twitter.com/h0bTnzshXx— REAL FRESH NEWS (@MVT_NEWS) April 3, 2017This is awful. Let’s say prayers for our Russian brothers and sisters as they deal with this attack. Let’s pray that there isn’t another. As much as Democrats love to attack Russia, we have a common enemy in terrorism.*** SHARE THIS AND SHOW THE WORLD HOW DISGUSTING TERRORISM IS!We need to wipe terrorism from the map. (h/t The Gateway Pundit)








This is a very dark day for the legendary FOX News reporter, Bill O’Reilly.The biggest suit wasThe other 4 women got a total of $6 Million from him.To make it worse, both Wendy Walsh and Andrea Tantaros have also accused O’Reilly of sexual harassment. Neither of them have gotten a payout as of this article being written.Damn, that does NOT look good.So is this the end of The O’Reilly Factor? Well, from the looks of this statement released by 21st Century FOX, probably not:Notwithstanding the fact that no current or former Fox News employee ever took advantage of the 21st Century Fox hotline to raise a concern about Bill O’Reilly, even anonymously, we have looked into these matters over the last few months and discussed them with Mr. O’Reilly. ‘While he denies the merits of these claims, Mr. O’Reilly has resolved those he regarded as his personal responsibility. ‘Mr. O’Reilly is fully committed to supporting our efforts to improve the environment for all our employees at Fox News.See? So is Bill O’Reilly guilty or is this just another attack on a conservative pundit? That’s up to a court to decide.As of now, the best we can do is help SPREAD the Truth around Facebook and not let the Leftist Media write their own version of the story…I caught a SS of Mister O’Reilly during Lindsey Graham on.
No Question the MAN gave the 666 hand sign into the camera.
FOX news is just as corrupt as the Pope and Papacy.








How are those little pink knit caps the liberal feminists wore to try to disgrace our beloved American President at his inauguration supposedly now oppressing transgenders?  Well, apparently, transgender women are feeling sad because they don’t have real female reproduction parts (because God didn’t give them those!), so they feel that they can’t be a part of the modern feminist movement!  You’re kidding me, right?   And they are even blaming President Donald Trump for their allegedly being left out of their rightful part in the feminist movement, because, after all, it was Mr. Trump who made those comments we all remember and that the Democrats tried to make such a BIG DEAL! Well, obviously it wasn’t such a big deal, because he is now our PRESIDENT!  LIKE and SHARE if you think liberals are a bunch of CRY BABY, EXCUSE MAKERS!








When it comes to being all about the law with ZERO B.S., Trey Gowdy is the absolute KING! Today, he proved it again by taking down CNN with only 2 Words.The CNN hostess, Alisyn Camerota, tried to trick Gowdy by asking him if he was investigating the Russia-election claims and Devin Nunes at the same time. She was CLEARLY implying they were tied together.That’s when Gowdy fired back with this:Gowdy schooled Camerota by telling her,Alisyn, the trip to the White House that Devin took had nothing to do with Russia. So let’s don’t conflate the trip with the investigation.”He summed it up so simple, even a liberal TV show host could understand,“What Devin went to the White House about has nothing to do with Russia, so put that in a separate track. I was ready yesterday to start interviewing witnesses, all of them.”Great job, Mr. Gowdy! You absolutely OWNED those “Fake News” makers at CNN.Maybe they should take a lesson in honesty and hard work from this man. If you love Trey Gowdy, and I know you do, then let him know and Share this everywhere!








Modern day liberals have absolutely NO SHAME! I mean sure, the hippy movement was bad, but these new ones make hippies look like nuns! Don’t believe me? Just take a look at what they are doing to Kellyanne Conway, a HERO of women.So some liberals were out browsing the web and came across THIS picture of actor Patrick Stewart in drag:Something is happening in Hollywood tonight. pic.twitter.com/hhDTqOtBx5— Patrick Stewart (@SirPatStew) April 19, 2016Now, he did this back in 2016 and meant no harm by it. However, the leftists decided “Oh, he looks kinda like Kellyanne Conway.” So what did they do with it?This is not just sad, it’s plain disrespectful.We are talking about a hard working mother of 3 who STILL found time and energy needed to become the first woman EVER to manage a winning US Presidential campaign!While SNL and Stewart have not confirmed anything, you can bet that the Leftist TROLLS are working hard to make their dreams come true.Now, there is nothing wrong with making fun of public figures if it’s done FAIRLY, but we all know SNL will not do that. That’s why we gotta fight back and protect Kellyanne Conway from their abuse.The best ways to do this are STOP watching SNL and share this to let them know this is one step TOO FAR!NEXT PAGE==>They have no shame to continue to degrade people.  They are vultures who live off of making fun of others.  We want to tell Kellyanne she is a breath of fresh air  and we appreciate the truth from her instead of the constant lies that come from the Liberals, Demo-Rats and the Shadow Government. You are nothing but disgusting good for nothings.  Why not make fun of your Heros, OVomit and Killary or Slick Willie and leave the rest of the decent people alone. These people deserve it as they sold there souls long ago.  They took there 30 pieces of Silver and they will reap what they have sown.








HBO’S Bill Maher is getting trashed by the “Real Time” panel on Friday in a debate over Islam’s role in the London terror attack.Watch this:If you didn’t hear, the terrorist rammed a truck into citizens on the Westminster Bridge right outside the house of Parliament. This attack killed four people – included one American.“This is another example where we take one group of people and we demonize them,” said Louise Mensch, a Heat Street columnist.“The guy was British-born. His name was Adrian before his converted. And partisans of Russia were out in the streets saying it was an illegal immigrant who did it, trying to turn the London people against our Muslim friends and neighbors. And you’re not going to do that.”“Let’s not pretend this has nothing to do with Islam, the religion,” Maher said. “It doesn’t,” Mensch responded. “It has nothing to do with Islam the same way Timothy McVeigh had nothing to do with Roman Catholicism.”“Every time some bomb goes off, before it goes off, somebody yells ‘Allahu Akbar!’” said Maher. “I never hear anybody go ‘Merry Christmas! This one’s for the flying nun!’ ”“When Christians do anything like this, do we ever say, ‘Christian terrorism’?” asked Yale professor Timothy Snyder.“No. But is Christian terrorism as big a problem?” asked Maher in response.We might not agree on a lot of things, but Bill Maher is right about this. When are we going to call this what it is. Islamic extremism is a problem that needs to be dealt with.*** SHARE this if you agree! We need to address the problem of Islamic terrorism immediately before the western world falls. (h/t The Hill)








A total of 88 Mexican journalists have been murdered by the cartels.  Breitbart and Hastings were the first in America, but make no mistake about it, this is coming here. It is only a matter of time until we are like Mexico in this regard.Is it any wonder that so many good people in Mexico are desperately trying to get away from this carnage?Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information. Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more








I don’t believe it is as pervasive as certain people may think, but there is a notion among some in the liberty movement that with Donald Trump in the White House the need for crisis preparedness has subsided. Because preppers and survivalists tend to lean towards the conservative side of things, the urgency for prepping almost always explodes when the Democratic party is “in power.” As they say, for example, Barack Obama was perhaps the greatest gun salesman in history with the gun industry growing over 158% during his two terms.Now with Republican dominance in Congress, Senate and White House, there is a possible temptation for conservatives to become complacent and comfortable once again. In 2017 so far, ATF background checks have dropped by at least half a million since this time last year, and gun company stocks are turning negative. There are also rumors floating around that survival food companies are suffering from a severe crunch in sales. Though I have not yet found this to be substantiated, I can verify that many preppers I deal with on a daily basis seem to have relaxed their guard.I would point out that this is not necessarily all due to Trump. The gun market is likely saturated after eight years of Obama, and one must also consider that as the U.S. economy continues to decline, surplus cash used for prep gear is going to dry up. That said, I do think it is important to examine any assumptions liberty activists might have in terms of a Trump driven “recovery.”When I began publishing my post-election analysis on what I felt was a predictable Trump win, I did find anger among some activists who decided I was being “too pessimistic,” and that I should join the movement in celebration. Being that I called a Trump presidency half a year in advance based on the premise that the globalists needed a conservative scapegoat for the next phase of the ongoing financial crisis, it was hardly a moment of celebration for me.There is a common delusion among those that invest themselves in politics that all that is needed to reverse the course of any nation or situation is a “strong leader” with ample cheerleading from the populace. In reality, social and geopolitical disasters are usually far beyond the means of any one politician to change. Economic disasters are even more irreversible. I wish I could pretend to be optimistic, but I am rather well studied in the history of these kinds of events.Conservatives are especially vulnerable to the idea of a “protector on a white horse” coming to their rescue; a God-fearing hero and statesman, a general and leader of men. But, such people do not exist. There are no supermen. There are no worldly saviors. There are only common men, with common failings, destined to face extraordinary obstacles. The great men of history are not born before hand — they are forged in the crucible of crisis. Great men are not great men until proven otherwise. To assume any political leader is a great man beforehand is foolish, to say the least.This is why blind faith in a post-Trump renaissance is misplaced. It is something that has yet to be proven, and in the meantime, there are numerous and highly visible dangers on the horizon that demand continued vigilance and preparedness. I will examine one of these primary dangers now…As I noted in my post-election analysis, the political Left has been shell shocked by the rise of Trump and their emotional response would undoubtedly be to double down and become progressively more volatile and more violent. I predicted that this would be evident as winter broke and the cold weather subsided.The first signs of this are surfacing as May Day is becoming a rally date for social justice mobs bent on disrupting any agenda the Trump administration might have for enforcing immigration laws. The largest of these protests is to be held in Los Angeles, but similar protests are planned nationwide as well.From what we have seen from previous rallies, it would not be unfair to expect rioting in May. I say this because a tone shift in the left is taking place and extreme reactions are more frequent. The following video illustrates this clearly, I think…In case you missed it, this guy just pulled an AR-15 on someone simply because they had a MAGA flag on their truck. Not only that, but he FILMED HIMSELF doing it and and apparently posted it on social media. That is how brazen and insane these people are becoming.Think of it this way — could you have even imagined something like this happening during the 2012 election? It is important not to become conditioned to such behavior as being “normal.”To be sure, this sort of thing will not be happening in certain parts of the country. In my state of Montana, the assailant would have been shot two dozen times over by our highly armed population regardless of his politics just on the self defense principle. And frankly, I am fine with that. Citizens providing security for citizens is the American way.What I do have a problem with, though, is the increasing potential for an extreme response from conservatives in the face of leftist lunacy. Meaning, I worry about martial law with conservative support, which in my view is more and more likely over the next two years.Contrary to popular belief among tough-government champions, martial law often instigates more violence than it solves. The harsher the crackdown, the more vicious the push-back; the more vicious the push-back the more totalitarianism is rationalized by authorities. It’s a terrible cycle.Preparedness in terms of self defense should be self-explanatory here. During widespread mob action the rule of law is usually the first casualty, even when martial law is instituted. You also never know when some nutcase might declare you a “Trump supporter” (whether you are one or not) as he reaches for a weapon.It is fascinating to me the level of cognitive dissonance with some liberty activists who seem to think Trump’s first term will be anything other than pure chaos. George Soros, an elitist who often funds the very groups organizing mobs to protest Trump, said it plainly:“I think Trump will fail.”“What’s more Soros predicted that the market’s Trump high will soon turn into a hangover. He called Trump unpredictable and unprepared, and said that combination will end up bad for the market.”Soros and his globalist colleagues do not need to field guesses; they ENGINEER the outcomes that they “predict.” Social unrest at this fragile time would result in the exact market instability Soros mentioned, among other problems.Look, you may believe Trump is being threatened on all sides by the so-called “deep state,” or you may believe that he has willingly surrounded himself with global elitists because he is a Trojan horse. Either way, the diagnosis for the future is not rosy. It would be naive to think that the globalists would not do everything in their power to foment calamity in the near term. It would be equally naive to believe that such an agenda could be repelled through political means.The answer, as always, is a prepared citizenry. This can act as a deterrent as much as a measure of comfort. The more prepared the public is for any eventuality, the less affected we will be by disaster. The less affected we are by disaster, the less fearful we will be when it strikes and the less likely we will be to make stupid decisions such as throwing our support behind martial law and the wholesale erasure of the constitution. The more prepared we are, the fewer options available to the establishment when attempting to lure us into poor collective decisions.Prepping means freedom in the face of uncertainty, and times have never been more uncertain. To summarize: A Trump White House calls for more caution, not less.If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here.  We greatly appreciate your patronage.You can contact Brandon Smith at:brandon@alt-market.comhttp://alt-market.com/articles/3166-with-trump-as-president-prepping-is-more-important-than-everMore great articles here: http://alt-market.com








Here’s a mystery: Has this “wealth-effect” economy that the Fed so beautifully engineered since the Financial Crisis gotten a lot riskier, scarier, and uglier in some profound ways for lower-income Americans, those making $30,000 or less a year?One of the questions that Gallup posed was this:Next, I’m going to read a list of problems facing the country. For each one, please tell me if you personally worry about this problem a great deal, a fair amount, only a little, or not at all? First, how much do you personally worry about –Then came 13 issues, including “hunger and homelessness.”Turns out, among Americans making $30,000 or less a year, 67% worry “a great deal” about hunger and homelessness! Food and shelter, two of the most basic human needs. That’s the highest percentage ever in Gallup’s data series on this question going back to 2001.It’s up from 52% in 2001/2004; up from 56% in 2007/2008; and up from 51% in 2010/2011.Median annual household income in February was $58,714, according to Sentier Research. On an inflation-adjusted basis, this was about flat with February 2016 and below February 2000. Median income means 50% make more and 50% make less. Other studies have shown that incomes have risen sharply at the upper end of the spectrum, but have fallen at the lower end, with the gap widening. Thus the median might have stagnated, but for many of those below the median, things haven’t turned out so well. And there are a lot of them!With the prices of stocks, homes, art, classic cars, commercial real estate, and the like inflated to dizzying heights after eight years of radical monetary policies, why would these folks, making $30,000 or less – worry more than ever about such basic and dreadful conditions?More on that in a moment. There are other elements in this mystery: Even among people making $30,000 to $75,000, a record 47% worry “a great deal” about hunger and homelessness, up from 40% in 2010-2011. And even among high-income Americans, the percentage, though small, has risen (chart by Gallup):Rising worries about hunger and homelessness can have a number of causes, including media coverage of those topics, or coverage of rising income and wealth inequality in America. In its survey report, Gallup points out that occasionally, when something terrible happens, such as 9/11, it might be “dominating the national consciousness,” and hunger and homelessness recede as primary concerns.We get that. But Gallup goes on:Since 2001, worry has been highest among those residing in lower-income households, likely because those with limited financial resources are more at risk of going hungry or becoming homeless. A consistent majority of lower-income adults worried about the problem before 2012, but that has only increased in the past five years.Lower-income Americans worry about basic problems, in this order:At the upper section of the spectrum, at incomes over $75,000, things look different, in that order:Lower-income Americans worry more in general than those with higher incomes. Everything is riskier and tougher for them. But nothing compares to the worries about hunger and homelessness. Gallup:On average, across the 13 issues, the percentage of lower-income adults who worry a great deal is seven percentage points higher than among middle-income Americans, and 17 points higher than among upper-income Americans.But differences in concern about hunger and homelessness far exceed those norms. In fact, the 20-point difference in worry about hunger and homelessness between lower-income and middle-income Americans is higher than for any of the other issues. Similarly, the 30-point difference in worry about hunger and homelessness between lower-income and upper-income Americans ties for the highest, along with concern about crime and violence.In the dazzling glitter and excitement of soaring asset prices that central banks around the world, and particularly the Fed, have tried so hard to engineer, it’s easy to forget that not everyone has those assets, that a lot of people can’t get “rich” just sitting on inflated assets, that they have to work long hours in measly jobs just to stay one paycheck ahead of hunger and homelessness.These Americans are paying the price for the Fed’s efforts to “heal” the housing market. The Fed has implemented elaborate strategies since 2008, among them: cutting its policy rate to near zero, embarking on QE, and bailing out banks and their richest investors, including Warren Buffett and his financial and insurance empire. In 2011, the Fed began encouraging and enabling Wall Street’s biggest private equity firms and other investors to buy up hundreds of thousands of homes out of foreclosure to push up home prices.This has led to soaring housing costs that have by far outpaced wage growth, if any. And it made it that much harder for these Americans to stay that one paycheck ahead of hunger and homelessness. There are a lot of them. They’re consumers too. And this could be why the economy, which has been ruined for them, has since then not been able to grow at a reasonable pace.And so, America becomes “Landlord Land.”http://alt-market.com/articles/3164-this-economy-is-ruined-for-many-americans More great articles here: http://alt-market.com








Andrew Kerr for Western Journalism reports, President Donald Trump issued a series of tweets Monday morning reviving questions surrounding his former Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. “Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate?”Donald John Trump was born on June 14, 1946, in Queens, New York, the fourth of five children of Frederick C. and Mary MacLeod Trump. Frederick Trump was a builder and real estate developer who specialized in constructing and operating middle-income apartments in Queens, Staten Island and Brooklyn.Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








With all the division in our government, major spying revelations for political purposes, deadlock in the senate, government shutdown being threatened, and a Gdp imbalance between the federal reserve banks we turn to economic strategist Charles Thorngren who just penned a new blog post at Noble Gold Investments entitled, “Bonds, Yield Curves, Recession Oh My!” In it he presents a detailed map, which attempts to show us how to avoid a ‘mega event’, he’s predicting for the US economy… and he has a major announcement.Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








Christian Datoc for the Daily Caller reports, During her Tuesday interview with MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell, former National Security Advisor Susan Rice for the first time admitted to unmasking “U.S. persons” included in intelligence reports.Susan Elizabeth Rice is a U.S. public servant who served as the 24th United States National Security Advisor from 2013 to 2017. She was formerly a U.S. diplomat, Brookings Institution fellow, and U.S. ambassador to the United NationsCheck out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








Former Assistant Treasury Secretary in the Reagan Administration, Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, sees trouble for the economy. Dr. Roberts explains, “This image of a strong stock market is based essentially on debt, borrowing and debt, money creation and debt.  It’s a false signal that shows prosperity, and it’s not really there. . . . So, during a period of time when there has been no interest income on peoples’ savings in the form of bonds or CDs, there has also been no growth in Social Security income.  So, the elderly, or the largest block of them, are hard pressed.  The young come out of school with student debt and no good jobs.  A large percentage can’t find sufficient employment to support an independent existence.  They can’t possibly pay off the loans.  So, wherever you look, you see a debt based system that’s running out of steam.”Dr. Roberts, who holds a PhD in economics, says this is why retail is getting killed. Dr. Roberts contends, “A lot of people blame this on internet shopping and that people don’t want to be bothered to go to a mall.  The mall experience is old and outdated, and they would rather sit in front of a computer and order online.  This is the explanation people give who don’t want to see a problem.  An alternative explanation is that people have run out of any discretionary income with which to purchase things.  When you consider mortgage payments, car payments, credit card payments and food, there’s no money left to drive consumer discretionary spending.”Dr. Roberts says the Federal Reserve basically prints money and intervenes in all markets to prop them up or, as in the case of gold and silver, hold prices down. Dr. Roberts says, “It looks like the whole system is rigged.  People don’t understand this, and you can’t find any discussion about this in the financial press or in the economic profession. . . . Since the Fed has unlimited amounts of money, it can create endless amounts of money by pushing a computer button.  They don’t have to worry about losses.  So, they can support or rig all markets.”Dr. Roberts, formerly a top editor at the Wall Street Journal, says nuclear war is the most dire problem Americans face. This comes at a time when trust between Russia and America is at all-time lows.  Dr. Roberts says, “The danger is both warning systems, ours and the Soviets (Russians).  During the period of the cold war, there were many false alarms of incoming missiles.  Both sides would see incoming missiles, and yet no one believed it, and the reason they didn’t believe it was that the governments were working together to defuse tensions.  You had Kennedy with Khrushchev.  You had Nixon who gave us SALT-1, an anti-ballistic missile treaty.  You had Carter who gave us SALT-2.  You had Reagan and Gorbachev who ended the cold war.  So, all during these periods when false information of incoming missiles came in, no one believed it, but if you have distrust between the two powers as we now have, and Putin has said on a number of occasions we can no longer trust the Americans, if you can’t trust and you get incoming missile alerts, you are much more inclined to believe it.  So, the prospect of nuclear war is more likely.  Washington and the media . . . are creating distrust among their populations with Russia with this constant anti-Russian propaganda.  With all this bogus and false allegations about Russia. . . . the chances of all this going poof are very high.”Join Greg Hunter as he goes One-on-one with Dr. Paul Craig Roberts.(There is much more in the video interview.)After the Interview:Dr. Roberts is a prolific writer on PaulCraigRoberts.org. The content and analysis is totally free.  Dr. Roberts sells nothing and has no advertising.  He runs the site only on public donations.  To donate to PaulCraigRoberts.org click here.(To Donate to USAWatchdog.com Click Here)http://usawatchdog.com/debt-based-system-running-out-of-steam-paul-craig-roberts/ Greg is the producer and creator of USAWatchdog.com. The site’s slogan is “analyzing the news to give you a clear picture of what’s really going on.” The site will keep an eye on the government, your financial interests and cut through the media spin. USAWatchdog.com is neither Democrat nor Republican, Liberal or Conservative. Before creating and producing the site, Greg spent nearly 9 years as a network and investigative correspondent. He worked for ABC News and Good Morning America for nearly 6 years. Most recently, Greg worked for CNN for shows such as Paula Zahn Now, American Morning and various CNN business shows.








If it were not for the Independent Media, Hillary Clinton would be President and the tyranny would have instantly come to the surface.The global elite are trying to make sure that the people never have a voice again.  The Independent Media is 3-6 months away from going extinct unless the people rise up, once again like they did to vote for Trump, and stop the globalists in their tracks.Here is a summary of the challenges, the dangers and what must be done to protect the only source of truth on the planet. Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information. Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more








Say what you will about Condoleezza Rice, she is intelligent, hard-working and well connected to the neocon empire.  The question is, why did she meet with Trump at the White House? Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information. Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more








The Elite Admit That Something Is Wrong With The Economy, But It’s Not Their Fault – Episode 1246a – YouTube        
Check Out The X22 Report Spotlight YouTube Channel – https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1rn…Get economic collapse news throughout the day visit http://x22report.com
Report date: 04.04.2017Trump keeps promise and donates salary to National Park Service.Ralph Lauren closing store in NY.2017 Retail bankruptcies are surging this year.The next subprime crisis is here and the corporate media doesn’t want to talk about it.Manhattan apartment prices are tumbling, over a million people left NYC since 2010.US factory order surged, not so fast most of this was based on the military.Richmond Fed Lacker was booted from the Fed because he was leaking information.Jamie Diamond says there is something wrong with the economy, but we just can’t put our finger on itAll source links to the report can be found on the x22report.com site.








Alex Jones – HD Commercial Free – Tuesday (4-4-17) Lord Monckton, Mike Cernovich, Craig Sawyer – YouTube       
ConspiracyScopeTuesday, April 4: Susan Rice Unmasks Trump Team -Calls mount for Obama administration UN Ambassador Susan Rice to testify before intelligence committees, as evidence emerges she ordered “detailed spreadsheets” kept on Trump phone calls.Trump insider Roger Stone joins the show to give his take on the spying revelations.Lord Christopher Monckton also provides updates on the UK’s Brexit move out of the EU, and journalist Mike Cernovich details how he learned about the Susan Rice story.On today’s show we’ll also check in with Millie Weaver’s ongoing investigation in Los Angeles, and also welcome ex-Navy Seal Craig Sawyer, whose organization Veterans for Child Rescue is working to expose the pedophile elite.You don’t want to miss this global transmission.http://www.infowars.com/
http://prisonplanet.tv/news/http://conspiracyscope.blogspot.com/
https://www.facebook.com/conspiracy.s…
https://www.facebook.com/ConspiracySc…
http://conspiracyscope.tumblr.com/
https://www.pinterest.com/conspiracys…Follow me on TWITTER to get all my uploads…
https://twitter.com/ConspiracyScope








FORGET  ABOUT  PELOSI  AND  SCHUMER  THESE  THREE  ARE  TRUMP’S  REAL  ENEMIESNever Mind Schumer and Pelosi…President Trump’s Real Enemies are McCain, McConnell and Ryan Politics makes strange bedfellows, and no doubt, any person who relishes longevity in a political career must be reconciled to staying extremely agile in pursuit of the right bed to jump in and out of. In a world where friends alternate roles as friends or enemies almost as quickly as changing socks, words like commitment, longevity and loyalty ultimately matter little. In their most common usage relative to the current American political scene, they are at best used as a punchline.We accept the splutterings of the cognitively impaired Nancy Pelosi, who shamelessly persists in peddling the tabloid drivel about Russian collusion with Donald Trump, even though neither the F.B.I. nor the National Security Administration to date has yet to find a scintilla of evidence in support of such intrigue.We also accept the angst of Democrats because they lost the White House and of Chuck Schumer, who becomes sullen and prone to crying fits, especially when Executive Orders designed to protect Americans at home are perceived to be a violation of the “inherent rights”of illegal aliens from Muslim countries potentially bent on destroying us. We accept these dramatics from the opposition party as a de facto component of day-to-day national politics.Yes, we expect that from the likes of the aforementioned. Is this however the real threat against Donald Trump? Closer scrutiny suggests that the President need not cross the aisle to find determined and resolute enemies. Within his own party, unscrupulous, traitorous and equally determined politicians are just as focused on derailing the nascent Trump Presidency. As vicious, calculating and motivated to undermine as any among the Democratic party, the real “Fifth Column” against Trump is embodied by three Republicans In Name Only (RINO).
 Take John McCain as a primary example. He is an idea whose time has passed, a relic, a begrudger and worst of all, a man bent on maintaining the status quo for no other reason then slaking his own over inflated ego.This is a man who passes himself off as member of the United States Senate, and then stands before an audience of Nato/European member nations stating with conviction how his own Republican President’s administration is in a state of disarray. This is a man who is the most recognizable face of the “political establishment,” a man who stood on the same stage with Barack Obama in 2008 and stated with convincing self-righteousness how the American economy was sound, even as the tidal wave of economic collapse was washing the homes, pensions, businesses and savings of millions of ordinary Americans into the sewer.It is a stroke of good fortune that McCain is now the doddering old idiot he is, because the likelihood of his running and being elected for another chance to retain power in the Senate beyond his current term is probably not too great if, in fact, he makes it to the end of his term. That at least is one silver lining in the cloud for decent and honest Americans. His Obama/Kerry formula of constant regime change apparently has never been enough, and he certainly seemed during various junctures of the Presidential campaign that Hillary Clinton’s election to the White House would have been more happily received. Why not, as Clinton would have gotten in McCain a sure fire choir boy for beating the confrontation drum against depraved and immoral Russia, with McCain simultaneously playing his now famous parody of the lyrics to the Beach Boys song “Barbra Ann”: bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb Iran…They still would have both been able to espouse their hypocritical condemnations of Putin’s Russian regime, even though Clinton previously sanctioned the sale of substantial amounts of uranium as Secretary of State to the same enemy nation while McCain, as recently as New Year’s Eve, accepted a state medal from Petro Poroshenko, The Order of the Ukraine, for bestowing legitimacy on a blatantly neo-Fascist, genocidal and loathsome political regime–a regime which is a blight and insult to civilization.Why would President Trump seek solace and support for attempting to normalize relations with Putin from such an acolyte of Neocon fanaticism as John McCain? The truth is, McCain was never a supporter of Trump nor ever will be. The best advice for Trump would be to marginalize the increasingly strident voice of McCain with respect to Russia, showing him to be out of touch with the forces that propelled Trump to victory in the general election. In this way, Trump may yet be able to forge a significant working relationship with Putin, while John McCain can continue to be a specially invited guest to neo-Nazi style rallies in Kiev.Following closely on the heals of McCain is the amorphous, colorless but extremely powerful Majority Leader of the Senate, Mitch McConnell. He is a man characterized by his closest friends as one who has spent his entire political life in the pursuit of penultimate power. Now that he has it, what will he do with it?It is a question that many of his closest observers have a ready answer for:  absolutely nothing! McConnell doesn’t stand for anything, doesn’t believe in anything and is not going to do anything, especially if it upsets the dynamic of the next election cycle. Someone with as little charisma, and as lacking in political convictions spells real problems for the Trump legislative agenda. Does McConnell have the stomach to push for the kinds of major ideological changes involved in the Trump vision for America, or is he merely concerned in self-preservation? A recent legislative initiative gives mounds of insight into this Republican establishment figure’s lack of moral and political courage.Kate Steinle, a thirty-two-year-old San Francisco woman, shot down in cold blood by an illiterate, illegal Mexican immigrant, who had been deported and illegally returned to the United States not once but six times, became the poster child for everything that is wrong with respect to the current illegal immigration debacle in the U.S.Legislation was proposed making it a Federal crime, punishable by a mandatory prison term of 5 years, for any illegal immigrant who has been deported and returned illegally to the United States a second time and caught. The Legislation passed the House, but this was not to be the case in the Senate, where rather than having a stand alone vote on the measure, McConnell included the legislation in a bill that would take away money from sanctuary cities, something that the Democrats would filibuster, ergo, no passage of Kate’s law.This was a cowardly act on the part of Mitch McConnell. The interests of an illegal alien were more important than protecting an American citizen, in this case, an American citizen with a blossoming life full of wondrous potential, cut down at her own father’s side by a drug-dealing parasite with a second grade education who didn’t belong in the country to begin with. McConnell’s office steadfastly refused to answer calls inquiring as to the rationale for his obvious and unmanly failure of leadership; it just wasn’t good politics to upset the apple cart.The big question for President Trump is whether Senate Republicans, now holding a slight majority, have the kind of leader in Mitch McConnell who will be willing and able to carry the ball far enough down field to score? This should be a great source of concern for team Trump.In line with questions about Senate loyalties to the Administration, we come finally to the House of Representatives and its dishonest and incompetent leader, Paul Ryan. Another fair day supporter of Trump during the last Presidential election cycle, Paul Ryan worked less for getting Trump elected then attempting to sabotage his campaign.Nobody will ever accuse Ryan of being a Thomas Brackett Reed. He has richly proven himself to be an incompetent legislative leader, with a penchant for ass-kissing liberals, dismissing moderates as lacking in conviction and rounding on conservatives, a reflexive action common to establishment Republicans.Take the ACHA, the alternative to OBamacare fast-tracked to failure, courtesy of those intractable Freedom Caucus conservatives…Or was it? Paul Ryan has taken tons of cash from the insurance industry, and his disingenuous attempt to downplay his inability to deliver the votes of moderate Republicans in connection to his pathetic piece of legislation was just that, pathetic.The truth is, something Speaker Ryan has a hard time with, is that those same moderates Ryan claims would never have gone along with repealing the worst aspects of Obamacare were the very same moderates who voted to repeal it sixty times. This time, when it actually mattered, they got free passes for not even having to vote, courtesy of the unprincipled and undisciplined leadership of Paul Ryan. It was a lot easier to blame those uncompromising conservatives, folks who actually believe in keeping their campaign promises to voters.In the aftermath of this stunning defeat, Ryan took to the airwaves to insist that it was the “effort” rather than the final outcome that was key, and that trying to foist a piece of legislation that enjoyed an approval rating of 17% was worthy of our eternal thanks. At another time in our country’s history, such a display would have been viewed as shameful and even cowardice; it has now taken on the trappings of sage pragmatism.It is a cruel testament to just how poorly our leaders govern the country. In the final analysis, Republicans said in 2010 that once they got the House, they would do away with ObamaCare, instead, when they got the majority, they funded it. They said give us the Senate, and we will do away with ObamaCare. When they got the Senate, they funded it. Ryan said when we get a Republican President, we will send Health Care legislation to be signed into law. Trump won, no thanks to Ryan, and what did Ryan do? Rather than pressuring a handful of moderates to honor their previous votes, he introduced a thoroughly dishonest and inferior bill that he knew could never pass, and blamed the few conservatives who did not sell out their constituents. If this is the best that Republicans can do, they are not going to be in government for long.President Trump would do well to grow eyes in the back of his head. His election has shaken an entrenched establishment of people used to having power, wielding power to achieve their own purposes and not willing to give it up. Never mind Democrats, but with respect to his own Republican party, he would do well to follow the advice of Don Vito Corleone, who advised his son Michael of the extreme importance of keeping friends close, but enemies closer. A more appropriate statement might be to have more enemies than friends, because at least you know where you stand with your enemies!http://eaglerising.com/42260/forget-about-pelosi-and-schumer-these-three-are-trumps-real-enemies/  NESARA- Restore America – Galactic News








April 5, 2017 (Tony Cartalucci – NEO) – Eleven have been killed and dozens more injured in what is an apparent terrorist attack on St. Petersburg's metro system. Western analysts are assigning possible blame for the attack on either terrorists operating from Russia's Chechnya region, or possibly terrorist groups affiliated with fronts fighting in Syria. 

Western analysts are also attempting to cement a narrative that downplays the significance of the attacks and instead attempts to leverage them politically against Moscow. A piece in the Sydney Morning Herald titled, “Fears of a Putin crackdown after terror attack on St Petersburg metro,” would attempt to claim:
So who is to blame? No one has said officially. The BBC's Frank Gardner says suspicions will centre around Chechen nationalists or an Islamic State inspired group wanting payback for Putin's airstrikes in Syria. Or it could be a combination of both. Putin has in the past justified crackdowns on civilian protests by citing the terror threat. But will he this time, and will it work? 
At least one pro-Kremlin commentator has linked the attack to the recent mass demonstrations organised by Putin's political opponent. 
Yet, in reality, the demonstrations and the terrorist groups being implicated both share a significant common denominator – both are openly long-term recipients of US-European aid, with the latter group also receiving significant material support from US-European allies in the Persian Gulf, primarily Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
US-European support for foreign-funded organizations posing as “nongovernmental organizations” (NGOs) running parallel efforts with terrorist organizations undermining Moscow's control over Chechnya have been ongoing for decades.
Beyond Chechnya, the United States' own Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) would admit in a 2012 memo (PDF) that:
If the situation unravels there is the possibility of establishing a declared or undeclared Salafist principality in eastern Syria (Hasaka and Der Zor), and this is exactly what the supporting powers to the opposition want, in order to isolate the Syrian regime, which is considered the strategic depth of the Shia expansion (Iraq and Iran). 
The DIA memo then explains exactly who this “Salafist principality's” supporters are (and who its true enemies are):
The West, Gulf countries, and Turkey support the opposition; while Russia, China, and Iran support the regime.
In essence, the “Salafist” (Islamic) “principality” (State) was a creation of the US in pursuit of its attempted regime change agenda in Syria. The current, self-proclaimed “Islamic State” is situated precisely in eastern Syria where the DIA memo claimed its state sponsors sought to place it. Its role in undermining Damascus and its allies' attempts to restore peace and order to the Syrian state is obvious.

The fact that NATO-member Turkey served as a logistical, training, and financial hub for not only the Islamic State's activities, but also other terrorist groups including Al Qaeda's regional franchise – Al Nusra – also further implicates not only possible Al Qaeda and Islamic State involvement in the recent St. Petersburg blast, but also these organizations' state sponsors – those who “support the opposition” in Syria.
Whether the United States played a direct role in the St. Petersburg blast or not is inconsequential. Without the massive state sponsorship both Washington and its European and Persian Gulf allies have provided these groups, such global-spanning mayhem would be impossible. The fact that the US seeks to undermine Russia politically, economically, and in many ways, militarily, and has recently fielded US-European-funded mobs in Russia's streets – means that it is likely not a coincidence violence is now also being employed against Russia within Russian territory.
As per US policymakers' own documented machinations – such as the 2009 Brookings Institution report, “Which Path to Persia?: Options for a New American Strategy Toward Iran” (PDF) - a militant component is prescribed as absolutely essential for the success of any street movement Washington manages to stir up against targeted states.
In the Brookings Institution document, it stated unequivocally in regards to toppling the government of Iran, that (emphasis added): 
Consequently, if the United States ever succeeds in sparking a revolt against the clerical regime, Washington may have to consider whether to provide it with some form of military support to prevent Tehran from crushing it. This requirement means that a popular revolution in Iran does not seem to fit the model of the “velvet revolutions” that occurred elsewhere. The point is that the Iranian regime may not be willing to go gently into that good night; instead, and unlike so many Eastern European regimes, it may choose to fight to the death. In those circumstances, if there is not external military assistance to the revolutionaries, they might not just fail but be massacred.   Consequently, if the United States is to pursue this policy, Washington must take this possibility into consideration. It adds some very important requirements to the list: either the policy must include ways to weaken the Iranian military or weaken the willingness of the regime’s leaders to call on the military, or else the United States must be ready to intervene to defeat it.”   
The policy document would also openly conspire to fund and arm listed terrorist organizations including the notorious Mujahedin-e Khalq (MEK). The document would state: 
The United States could work with groups like the Iraq-based National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) and its military wing, the Mujahedin-e Khalq (MEK), helping the thousands of its members who, under Saddam Husayn’s regime, were armed and had conducted guerrilla and terrorist operations against the clerical regime. Although the NCRI is supposedly disarmed today, that could quickly be changed.
It would also admit that (emphasis added):  
Despite its defenders’ claims, the MEK remains on the U.S. government list of foreign terrorist organizations. In the 1970s, the group killed three U.S. officers and three civilian contractors in Iran. During the 1979-1980 hostage crisis, the group praised the decision to take America hostages and Elaine Sciolino reported that while group leaders publicly condemned the 9/11 attacks, within the group celebrations were widespread. 
Undeniably, the group has conducted terrorist attacks—often excused by the MEK’s advocates because they are directed against the Iranian government. For example, in 1981, the group bombed the headquarters of the Islamic Republic Party, which was then the clerical leadership’s main political organization, killing an estimated 70 senior officials. More recently, the group has claimed credit for over a dozen mortar attacks, assassinations, and other assaults on Iranian civilian and military targets between 1998 and 2001. At the very least, to work more closely with the group (at least in an overt manner), Washington would need to remove it from the list of foreign terrorist organizations. 
If US policymakers have openly conspired to arm and fund known terrorist organizations guilty of murdering not only civilians in nations like Iran but also citizens of the United States itself, why would they hesitate to do likewise in Russia?
While the US poses as engaged in a battle against the so-called “Islamic State” in Syria, it has left its obvious, overt state sponsors unscathed both politically and financially.  If the bombing in St. Petersburg is linked to US-European-Persian Gulf state sponsored terrorism, it will be only the latest in a long and bloody tradition of using terrorism as a geopolitical  tool.
The US, having been frustrated in Syria and having little to no leverage at the negotiation table, is likely trying to “show” Moscow that it can still create chaos both beyond Russia's borders amongst its allies, and within Russia's borders – regardless of how well Russians have weathered such tactics in the past.
Tony Cartalucci, Bangkok-based geopolitical researcher and writer, especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”.   
Western analysts are also attempting to cement a narrative that downplays the significance of the attacks and instead attempts to leverage them politically against Moscow. A piece in the Sydney Morning Herald titled, “Fears of a Putin crackdown after terror attack on St Petersburg metro,” would attempt to claim:
So who is to blame? No one has said officially. The BBC's Frank Gardner says suspicions will centre around Chechen nationalists or an Islamic State inspired group wanting payback for Putin's airstrikes in Syria. Or it could be a combination of both. Putin has in the past justified crackdowns on civilian protests by citing the terror threat. But will he this time, and will it work? At least one pro-Kremlin commentator has linked the attack to the recent mass demonstrations organised by Putin's political opponent. Yet, in reality, the demonstrations and the terrorist groups being implicated both share a significant common denominator – both are openly long-term recipients of US-European aid, with the latter group also receiving significant material support from US-European allies in the Persian Gulf, primarily Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates (UAE).US-European support for foreign-funded organizations posing as “nongovernmental organizations” (NGOs) running parallel efforts with terrorist organizations undermining Moscow's control over Chechnya have been ongoing for decades.Beyond Chechnya, the United States' own Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) would admit in a 2012 memo (PDF) that:
If the situation unravels there is the possibility of establishing a declared or undeclared Salafist principality in eastern Syria (Hasaka and Der Zor), and this is exactly what the supporting powers to the opposition want, in order to isolate the Syrian regime, which is considered the strategic depth of the Shia expansion (Iraq and Iran). The DIA memo then explains exactly who this “Salafist principality's” supporters are (and who its true enemies are):
The West, Gulf countries, and Turkey support the opposition; while Russia, China, and Iran support the regime.In essence, the “Salafist” (Islamic) “principality” (State) was a creation of the US in pursuit of its attempted regime change agenda in Syria. The current, self-proclaimed “Islamic State” is situated precisely in eastern Syria where the DIA memo claimed its state sponsors sought to place it. Its role in undermining Damascus and its allies' attempts to restore peace and order to the Syrian state is obvious.The fact that NATO-member Turkey served as a logistical, training, and financial hub for not only the Islamic State's activities, but also other terrorist groups including Al Qaeda's regional franchise – Al Nusra – also further implicates not only possible Al Qaeda and Islamic State involvement in the recent St. Petersburg blast, but also these organizations' state sponsors – those who “support the opposition” in Syria.Whether the United States played a direct role in the St. Petersburg blast or not is inconsequential. Without the massive state sponsorship both Washington and its European and Persian Gulf allies have provided these groups, such global-spanning mayhem would be impossible. The fact that the US seeks to undermine Russia politically, economically, and in many ways, militarily, and has recently fielded US-European-funded mobs in Russia's streets – means that it is likely not a coincidence violence is now also being employed against Russia within Russian territory.As per US policymakers' own documented machinations – such as the 2009 Brookings Institution report, “Which Path to Persia?: Options for a New American Strategy Toward Iran” (PDF) - a militant component is prescribed as absolutely essential for the success of any street movement Washington manages to stir up against targeted states.In the Brookings Institution document, it stated unequivocally in regards to toppling the government of Iran, that (emphasis added): 
Consequently, if the United States ever succeeds in sparking a revolt against the clerical regime, Washington may have to consider whether to provide it with some form of military support to prevent Tehran from crushing it. This requirement means that a popular revolution in Iran does not seem to fit the model of the “velvet revolutions” that occurred elsewhere. The point is that the Iranian regime may not be willing to go gently into that good night; instead, and unlike so many Eastern European regimes, it may choose to fight to the death. In those circumstances, if there is not external military assistance to the revolutionaries, they might not just fail but be massacred.   Consequently, if the United States is to pursue this policy, Washington must take this possibility into consideration. It adds some very important requirements to the list: either the policy must include ways to weaken the Iranian military or weaken the willingness of the regime’s leaders to call on the military, or else the United States must be ready to intervene to defeat it.”   The policy document would also openly conspire to fund and arm listed terrorist organizations including the notorious Mujahedin-e Khalq (MEK). The document would state: 
The United States could work with groups like the Iraq-based National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) and its military wing, the Mujahedin-e Khalq (MEK), helping the thousands of its members who, under Saddam Husayn’s regime, were armed and had conducted guerrilla and terrorist operations against the clerical regime. Although the NCRI is supposedly disarmed today, that could quickly be changed.It would also admit that (emphasis added):  
Despite its defenders’ claims, the MEK remains on the U.S. government list of foreign terrorist organizations. In the 1970s, the group killed three U.S. officers and three civilian contractors in Iran. During the 1979-1980 hostage crisis, the group praised the decision to take America hostages and Elaine Sciolino reported that while group leaders publicly condemned the 9/11 attacks, within the group celebrations were widespread. Undeniably, the group has conducted terrorist attacks—often excused by the MEK’s advocates because they are directed against the Iranian government. For example, in 1981, the group bombed the headquarters of the Islamic Republic Party, which was then the clerical leadership’s main political organization, killing an estimated 70 senior officials. More recently, the group has claimed credit for over a dozen mortar attacks, assassinations, and other assaults on Iranian civilian and military targets between 1998 and 2001. At the very least, to work more closely with the group (at least in an overt manner), Washington would need to remove it from the list of foreign terrorist organizations. If US policymakers have openly conspired to arm and fund known terrorist organizations guilty of murdering not only civilians in nations like Iran but also citizens of the United States itself, why would they hesitate to do likewise in Russia?While the US poses as engaged in a battle against the so-called “Islamic State” in Syria, it has left its obvious, overt state sponsors unscathed both politically and financially.  If the bombing in St. Petersburg is linked to US-European-Persian Gulf state sponsored terrorism, it will be only the latest in a long and bloody tradition of using terrorism as a geopolitical  tool.The US, having been frustrated in Syria and having little to no leverage at the negotiation table, is likely trying to “show” Moscow that it can still create chaos both beyond Russia's borders amongst its allies, and within Russia's borders – regardless of how well Russians have weathered such tactics in the past.Tony Cartalucci, Bangkok-based geopolitical researcher and writer, especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”.








President Trump has enemies he could never have imagined and America has largely turned their back on Trump and he is on his own for the most part.  This is what Trump is up against and it is formidable as well as deadly.

 
Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense Show
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US

 




This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information.






 



GREAT OPPORTUNITY

Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more


  President Trump has enemies he could never have imagined and America has largely turned their back on Trump and he is on his own for the most part.  This is what Trump is up against and it is formidable as well as deadly. Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information. Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more








America TalksEmbattled Fox News anchor Bill O’Reilly is the subject of mounting sexual harassment allegations and lawsuits. In the wake of several top sponsors of his program pulling the plug on their advertising, Fox is looking to cut its ties with O’Reilly and replace him with a younger, hot property, Tomi Lahren. David Zublick breaks it down in this special report!








Good grief, they are ALL greedy & corrupt.Lacker said he further did not disclose during an internal review into the matter that the analyst had confidential information. He never revealed the information until an April 15 interview with multiple federal authorities including the FBI.“I deeply regret the role I may have played in confirming this confidential information and in its dissemination to Medley’s subscribers,” Lacker added. “In this episode, as in all of my communications with analysts, journalists and the public, it was never my intention to reveal confidential information.”Jeffrey M. Lacker is an American economist and was president of the Federal Reserve BankFromPaul BegleyFederal Reserve President Lacker Resigns Immediately Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker announced his immediate resignation Tuesday, admitting that he discussed sensitive information with an analyst regarding the Fed’s plans for economic stimulus.Lacker, 61, became president and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond on Aug. 1, 2004. He is a member of the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee. CNBC has learned that the resignation was negotiated with law enforcement officials. Lacker’s attorney told CNBC no charges will be filed.Lacker, who was not a voting member of the FOMC this year, previously said he planned to retire in October.In his letter of resignation, Lacker admitted to speaking to an analyst at Medley Global Advisors regarding the September 2012 Fed meeting. Medley publishes analysis for hedge funds and asset managers and is owned by the Financial Times. Lacker said his actions violated Fed communications policies that prohibit “providing any profit-making person or organization with a prestige advantage over its competitors.”Lacker said he was asked by an analyst about an “important nonpublic detail” regarding the Federal Open Market Committee’s policy options.“Due to the highly confidential and sensitive nature of this information, I should have declined to comment and perhaps have ended the phone call,” Lacker said. “Instead, I did not refuse or express my inability to comment and the interview continued.”In addition, Lacker said he was obligated to disclose that the analyst had confidential information, which he did not do.Medley ultimately told clients in October 2012 that the Fed would initiate another leg of its monthly bond-buying program in December. The author of the note was Regina Schleiger, who added in the note that Fed members had been up after midnight preparing for the meeting, according to the New York Times. READ MORE








With all the division in our government, major spying revelations for political purposes, deadlock in the senate, government shutdown being threatened, and a Gdp imbalance between the federal reserve banks we turn to economic strategist Charles Thorngren who just penned a new blog post at Noble Gold Investments entitled, “Bonds, Yield Curves, Recession Oh My!” In it he presents a detailed map, which attempts to show us how to avoid a ‘mega event’, he’s predicting for the US economy… and … he has a major announcement.FromThe Next News NetworkBREAKING: INSIDER PREDICTS ‘MEGA EVENT’ HEADING FOR US ECONOMY – HONEYMOON IS OVER TIME TO GET READYJL Note: The Bible refers to the last days with only gold & silver as reliable currency








Cristina Laila for the Gateway Pundit reports, Former Obama official, Evelyn Farkas has come under heavy fire for her March 2nd appearance on MSNBC where she admitted to having a lot of knowledge on the surveillance of Trump and his team. She is now in damage control mode and her nervousness is causing her to make some odd statements.If you look at Obama’s Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense that is out there, Evelyn Farkas, she made it clear that it was their goal to spread this information around, that they went around and did this. They have admitted on the record that this was their goal—to leak stuff.  And they literally—she said on the record ‘Trump’s team.’  There are serious questions out there about what happened and why and who did it. – Sean SpicerWhat do you think Farkas? She do got that crazy reptoid look her in eyes. lol Thanks for stopping by and let us know what you think in the comments section.Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








The recent terrorist events in St. Petersburg were a warning to Trump of what will come to every American state if he continues to resist the Deep State. Yes, that is correct, my best source informed me last night that his intel suggests that this whole terrorist operation in St. Petersburg was designed to serve as a warning Trump about what will come here if his administration does not stop resisting.
If St. Petersburg comes to America, America will be forced into martial law and a suspension of all rights. This article speaks to what will happen under martial law, regardless of who is President. This article also reveals the price of inaction on the part of the American people. Ask yourself a question America, “If you are going to get your backside kicked, shouldn’t you might as well go down fighting”?
The Coming Martial Law
With everything I have uncovered over the past several years, I have concluded that America will be thrust into martial law prior to fighting in WW III. Martial law is usually preceded by a false flag. There is no shortage of false flag possibilities and choosing the manner, the time and the place is a fool’s errand. However, there are a definitive 17 elements of martial law that we can analyze in order to gauge the progress America is making with regard to to being under total martial law. And it does not matter if Trump, or Obama, is President, the result is always the same.
Being aware of an unfolding state of martial law can help one adjust to changing circumstances. Many experts that I speak with firmly believe that we will not see an all-encompassing declaration of martial. Rather, the elements of martial will be imposed individually and will be referred to as “Continuity of Government”, which most likely follow a significant false flag attack.
Whether martial law is declared all at once, or in piecemeal fashion, there are 17 elements of martial law that all Americans need to be aware of. When, not if, the coordinated terror attacks occur on our soil, the following is what you can expect.

1-Mass roundup of political dissidents. These will most likely be declared as terrorists and enemies of the state and will be linked to the precipitating false flag event.
2-Dusk to dawn curfews which are designed to keep the people from congregating and planning in concert to overthrow the omnipresent tyranny.
3-Rationing of essential resources.
4-The seizing of personal assets such as food and water.  
5-Control over all food and water 
6-The prohibition of weapons of any kind including guns, knives or chemicals which can be turned into explosives. It will become a capital crime to possess a weapon of any type.
7-The confiscation of property, homes and businesses 
8-Arrests without due process (NDAA).
9-Massive “papers please” checkpoints with intrusive searches. Please note that Disney visitors now have to submit to TSA groping.
10-Forced relocation of suspected American dissidents as specified by the Civilian Inmate Labor Program and the Civilian Conscription Program.
11-Forced conscription into various labor camps and even into the military. Also medical martial law policies could be invoked in the advent of the introduction of a pathogen
12-Outlawing of free speech. Following recent terror attacks.
13-The installation of massive surveillance programs and the establishment of snitch programs which would mark the rebirth of former Secretary of DHS, Janet Napolitano, in which neighbors are encouraged to “say something, if these see something”. The NSA police state surveillance programs speak for themselves. It is highly recommended that every American see the Oliver Stone movie, Snowden. 
14-The total control or elimination of religion. The Bible is already being characterized as hate speech. Today, one who is Christian is cast as anti-gay/transgender, anti-government, etc.
15-Control of the media. Except for the total eradication of the alternative media, this has already happened. ICANN will finish the job. 
16-Executions without due process of law (NDAA).
17-Total suspension of the Constitution.

As an aside, if you want to see what this looks like, watch the TV series, Colony, from the beginning.
President Trump does not want these things to occur. However, if he is to maintain order, he many not have a choice in the near future, if he is going to protect America from ongoing false flag events.
Conclusion
I firmly believe in the accuracy of  what I was told in that the St. Petersburg bombings were a contrived warning to Trump to keep him in line for the time being. However, and regardless of Trump’s complicity in silence and inaction, this will still be America’s ultimate fate. We presently have a plethora of terrorist cells, acknowledged by FBI Director, James Comey, in every state, simply awaiting orders to spring into action. I have previously discussed the distinct possibility of a TET offensive in America. The events in Russia were merely the first salvo in the next campaign of globalist subjugation of the American people.
The bottom line is, how can Trump move his agenda forward without support from the people? What is happening to the Trump administration is our fault. Trump needed us to put constant pressure on Congress and make them afraid to do what they are presently doing to Trump, which is paralyzing his administration. This is not Trump’s fault, this is your fault and my fault.  Trump needed us to expose the criminal element of the Deep State.  We got Trump elected and have gone back to sleep.  We are defeated, and the above represents our future if we do not get back to work. And event then, this whole thing could easily descend into revolution and martial law.
How many of these 17 elements are in place, or, are being put into place? All 17 elements are at various stages of already being implemented and it commenced under Obama. The right crisis will precipitate the completion of these elements of martial law in their totality. Knowing the signs of unfolding martial law should serve as a trigger to prepare and maintain as low of a profile as possible. The more resources that you have stored, the less likely you will be to cross the line into a government facility in order to feed you family (i.e. a FEMA camp).
In summary, these 17 elements are being put into place in order to pave the way for the purge that will follow an United Nations takeover and we have nobody to blame but ourselves..
 
Please Donate to The Common Sense Show
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US

 




This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.    Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information.




The recent terrorist events in St. Petersburg were a warning to Trump of what will come to every American state if he continues to resist the Deep State. Yes, that is correct, my best source informed me last night that his intel suggests that this whole terrorist operation in St. Petersburg was designed to serve as a warning Trump about what will come here if his administration does not stop resisting.If St. Petersburg comes to America, America will be forced into martial law and a suspension of all rights. This article speaks to what will happen under martial law, regardless of who is President. This article also reveals the price of inaction on the part of the American people. Ask yourself a question America, “If you are going to get your backside kicked, shouldn’t you might as well go down fighting”?With everything I have uncovered over the past several years, I have concluded that America will be thrust into martial law prior to fighting in WW III. Martial law is usually preceded by a false flag. There is no shortage of false flag possibilities and choosing the manner, the time and the place is a fool’s errand. However, there are a definitive 17 elements of martial law that we can analyze in order to gauge the progress America is making with regard to to being under total martial law. And it does not matter if Trump, or Obama, is President, the result is always the same.Being aware of an unfolding state of martial law can help one adjust to changing circumstances. Many experts that I speak with firmly believe that we will not see an all-encompassing declaration of martial. Rather, the elements of martial will be imposed individually and will be referred to as “Continuity of Government”, which most likely follow a significant false flag attack.Whether martial law is declared all at once, or in piecemeal fashion, there are 17 elements of martial law that all Americans need to be aware of. When, not if, the coordinated terror attacks occur on our soil, the following is what you can expect.1-Mass roundup of political dissidents. These will most likely be declared as terrorists and enemies of the state and will be linked to the precipitating false flag event.2-Dusk to dawn curfews which are designed to keep the people from congregating and planning in concert to overthrow the omnipresent tyranny.3-Rationing of essential resources.4-The seizing of personal assets such as food and water.  5-Control over all food and water 6-The prohibition of weapons of any kind including guns, knives or chemicals which can be turned into explosives. It will become a capital crime to possess a weapon of any type.7-The confiscation of property, homes and businesses 8-Arrests without due process (NDAA).9-Massive “papers please” checkpoints with intrusive searches. Please note that Disney visitors now have to submit to TSA groping.10-Forced relocation of suspected American dissidents as specified by the Civilian Inmate Labor Program and the Civilian Conscription Program.11-Forced conscription into various labor camps and even into the military. Also medical martial law policies could be invoked in the advent of the introduction of a pathogen12-Outlawing of free speech. Following recent terror attacks.13-The installation of massive surveillance programs and the establishment of snitch programs which would mark the rebirth of former Secretary of DHS, Janet Napolitano, in which neighbors are encouraged to “say something, if these see something”. The NSA police state surveillance programs speak for themselves. It is highly recommended that every American see the Oliver Stone movie, Snowden. 14-The total control or elimination of religion. The Bible is already being characterized as hate speech. Today, one who is Christian is cast as anti-gay/transgender, anti-government, etc.15-Control of the media. Except for the total eradication of the alternative media, this has already happened. ICANN will finish the job. 16-Executions without due process of law (NDAA).17-Total suspension of the Constitution.As an aside, if you want to see what this looks like, watch the TV series, Colony, from the beginning.President Trump does not want these things to occur. However, if he is to maintain order, he many not have a choice in the near future, if he is going to protect America from ongoing false flag events.I firmly believe in the accuracy of  what I was told in that the St. Petersburg bombings were a contrived warning to Trump to keep him in line for the time being. However, and regardless of Trump’s complicity in silence and inaction, this will still be America’s ultimate fate. We presently have a plethora of terrorist cells, acknowledged by FBI Director, James Comey, in every state, simply awaiting orders to spring into action. I have previously discussed the distinct possibility of a TET offensive in America. The events in Russia were merely the first salvo in the next campaign of globalist subjugation of the American people.The bottom line is, how can Trump move his agenda forward without support from the people? What is happening to the Trump administration is our fault. Trump needed us to put constant pressure on Congress and make them afraid to do what they are presently doing to Trump, which is paralyzing his administration. This is not Trump’s fault, this is your fault and my fault.  Trump needed us to expose the criminal element of the Deep State.  We got Trump elected and have gone back to sleep.  We are defeated, and the above represents our future if we do not get back to work. And event then, this whole thing could easily descend into revolution and martial law.How many of these 17 elements are in place, or, are being put into place? All 17 elements are at various stages of already being implemented and it commenced under Obama. The right crisis will precipitate the completion of these elements of martial law in their totality. Knowing the signs of unfolding martial law should serve as a trigger to prepare and maintain as low of a profile as possible. The more resources that you have stored, the less likely you will be to cross the line into a government facility in order to feed you family (i.e. a FEMA camp).In summary, these 17 elements are being put into place in order to pave the way for the purge that will follow an United Nations takeover and we have nobody to blame but ourselves.. Please Donate to The Common Sense Show PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.    Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information.

















(NaturalHealth365) Believe it or not, the simple act of sitting – for long periods of time – may be hazardous to your health. The American College of Cardiology reports that sitting at a desk for more than four hours a day increases the odds of deep vein thrombosis by a frightening 48 percent.Deep vein thrombosis, or DVT, occurs when a blood clot forms in a vein located deep in the body. In a life-threatening complication, the clot may break loose and make its way to the lung, leading to a potentially fatal pulmonary embolism.Fortunately, recent research shows that you can combat DVT – safely and effectively – with the help of two natural extracts.Blood clots affect close to one million AmericansAccording to the CDC, as many as 900,000 Americans could be affected by venous thromboembolisms (blood clots) every year – with roughly 100,000 dying from them. In fact, the risks of prolonged sitting are so pronounced many are calling sitting “the new smoking.”And mainstream medicine offers few real solutions. Anticoagulant medications prescribed by conventionally-trained doctors can feature serious side effects – along with the risk of hemorrhage, or uncontrolled bleeding.But recent research shows that two natural substances, French maritime pine bark extract and nattokinase, can break down small clots before they grow – and even stop them from forming in the first place. Both can inhibit clotting, improve microcirculation in the legs, and increase the elasticity of blood vessel walls.What are the symptoms and signs of a blood clot?About half of the time, there are no apparent signs of deep vein thrombosis.When symptoms do occur, they tend to develop suddenly – and can include swelling, fatigue, tenderness and pain in the affected leg. Reddened skin, skin that is otherwise discolored, and warm skin on one or both legs can be warning signs as well.And, a previously invisible vein that suddenly becomes visible is also a red flag that may indicate a possible blood clot. If you notice any of these warning signs, call your doctor – especially if they develop suddenly.Of course, aging can make you more susceptible to blood clots – especially when living a sedentary lifestyle. Being obese, smoking cigarettes, having surgery and taking oral contraceptives can also raise your risk.French maritime pine bark extract: A powerful natural vasodilatorPine bark extract, also known as pycnogenol, is rich in beneficial polyphenols, including procyanidins and phenolic acids. With potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, pine bark extract dilates blood vessels and reduces the “stickiness” of blood platelets – making them less likely to form into clots.French maritime pine bark extract also increases the activity of an enzyme that generates beneficial nitric oxide in blood vessels. Several studies have demonstrated that pine bark extract is especially effective in preventing blood clots from forming after prolonged sitting.French maritime pine bark extract has also been shown to help reduce post-thrombotic syndrome, a common DVT complication in which blood collects in the affected leg and causes swelling, discoloration and leg ulcers.In a year-long 2011 study, French maritime pine bark extract was found to be at least as effective as compression stockings in treating post-thrombotic syndrome. Not only did no new cases occur in the participants who took pine bark extract, but leg and ankle swelling was significantly decreased when compared to the compression stockings group. Researchers concluded that pine bark extract may have significant long-term protective effects following a thrombotic event.Another plus for French maritime pine bark extract is the fact that compliance was better in the pine bark group. Researchers noted that taking the extract was not as “bothersome” to the participants as wearing the compression stockings, especially in warm weather.Nattokinase: A potent protector made from soyNattokinase is a proteolytic enzyme made from soybeans that have been fermented with a specific bacterium, Bacillus subtilis. It helps to prevent clotting by breaking down fibrin – the main protein found in clots – and also breaks down fibrinogen, the precursor to fibrin. And, it achieves this without causing side effects or undesirable bleeding.Nattokinase, combined with pine bark extract, has produced impressive results in studies.In a randomized, placebo-controlled human trial published in 2003 in Angiology, passengers on a lengthy overseas flight were given either placebo or a nattokinase and pine bark extract combination.The combination prevented each and every passenger who took it from experiencing DVTs.While there were zero DVTs in the supplement group, 5.4 percent of the passengers in the placebo group did experience DVTs. In contrast to the supplement group, passengers in the placebo group experienced a 12 percent increase in leg swelling during the flight – while supplemented passengers actually enjoyed a 15 percent reduction.The conclusion is that nattokinase and French maritime pine bark extract helped to prevent deep vein thrombosis in people who spent long periods sitting – thereby reducing the threat of sudden death from pulmonary embolism.If you are required to sit at a desk for prolonged periods of time, experts recommend getting up every hour and walking around for at least five to ten minutes to prevent blood from pooling in your legs.Naturally, if interested, we suggest you talk about nattokinase and pine bark extract supplementation with your healthcare provider. And, if they don’t know about these substances – find a doctor that understands the value of natural remedies. (it could save your life)References:http://www.lifeextension.com/Magazine/2017/1/Natural-Prevention-Of-Deep-Vein-Thrombosis/Page-01
http://www.globalhealingcenter.com/natural-health/nattokinase
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14565628https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22108473The post Avoid deadly blood clots with two natural extracts appeared first on Natural Health 365.Visit Natural Health 365 Here /








Vitamin C, B1 and Hydrocortisone Dramatically Reduce Mortality From Sepsis











By Dr. Mercola
Sepsis1 is a progressive disease process caused by an aggressive, dysfunctional immune response to an infection in the bloodstream. It starts with symptoms of infection that can progress to septic shock.
Unless treated — and the earlier the better — sepsis can result in extremely low blood pressure that is unresponsive to fluid replacement, weakening of the heart, and multiple-organ failure.
Sepsis is a common hospital-acquired infection,2,3 but common illnesses such as bronchitis, pneumonia, strep throat or kidney infection can also turn septic, as can localized infections caused by bacteria, fungi or viruses.
The condition becomes particularly problematic and deadly if the infection involves methicillin-resistant or vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA or VRSA) bacteria.
Each year, an estimated 1 million Americans get sepsis4 and up to half of them die.5,6,7 Treatment can be a challenge, and is becoming even more so as drug-resistant infections become more prevalent.
According to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, sepsis is the most expensive condition being treated in U.S. hospitals, costing more than $20 billion in 20118 and $24 billion in 2014.9
The good news is a critical care physician just may have found a way to save tens of thousands of lives and billions of dollars each year using two readily available vitamins and a steroid.
Vitamin C and Thiamin — An Inexpensive Cure for Sepsis
Vitamin C is well-known for its ability to prevent and treat infectious diseases. Previous research has shown it effectively lowers pro-inflammatory cytokines and C-reactive protein.10,11,12 Influenza,13 encephalitis and measles14 have all been successfully treated with high-dose vitamin C.
Studies have even shown vitamin C is selectively cytotoxic to cancer cells by generating hydrogen peroxide when administered intravenously (IV) in high doses. It also has a number of heart and cardiovascular benefits.
The anti-infective power of vitamin C has now been demonstrated yet again by Dr. Paul Marik, a critical care doctor at Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in East Virginia.
Last January, when faced with yet another deathly ill patient, Marik decided to try a combination of intravenous (IV) vitamin C with hydrocortisone as a last-ditch effort to save the woman’s life.15
He’d recently read a colleague’s paper on vitamin C, and he knew vitamin C acts like the steroid hydrocortisone, so on a hunch, he administered the two together. It worked. While everyone expected her to die, the woman made a remarkable overnight recovery. As reported by NBC4i News:16

“The staff couldn’t believe it, so they tried it again and again — with the same results. They added a third element, thiamine, to the IV treatment as well. Today, they have used the treatment on about 150 patients and they say the result is the same …


A researcher at Old Dominion University, John Catravas, Ph.D., … did an independent lab study that confirms the treatment’s effectiveness.”

Interestingly, Marik used a relatively small amount of vitamin C — only 1.5 grams IV. Most natural medicine physicians tend to use 25 grams or more when giving IV vitamin C, more than 20 times the dose used here. One can only wonder how much more effective a larger dose would be.
It’s All About the Right Combination of Ingredients

For the first two or three patients, only vitamin C and hydrocortisone were used. Marik then decided to add thiamine for a number of reasons. Importantly, it’s required for metabolism of some of the metabolites of vitamin C.
Research has also shown many patients with sepsis are vitamin deficient, and when thiamine is given, it reduces mortality. Septic shock patients who receive thiamine have also been shown to have a reduced risk of renal failure.
Marik’s retrospective before-after clinical study,17,18 published in the journal Chest, showed that giving patients IV vitamin C with hydrocortisone and thiamine (vitamin B1) for two days reduced mortality nearly five-fold, from 40 percent to 8.5 percent.
Of the 50 patients treated, only four died — and none of them actually died from sepsis. They died from their underlying disease.
Interestingly, further lab testing found that while neither vitamin C nor hydrocortisone alone are able to prevent cell death following exposure to toxins produced by bacteria, when given in combination, the concoction does protect the cells. Turns out Marik’s hunch had been a truly inspired one.
Other research has also shown thiamine reduces mortality from sepsis and helps protect against renal failure, which is why Marik decided to add it to his mixture.
The treatment has now become part of the hospital’s standard of care for sepsis, and will hopefully become standard of care for sepsis elsewhere as well. As noted by Marik, sepsis kills about 1,000 people each day in the U.S. — that’s like having three jumbo jets crash each day.
Sepsis kills more than breast cancer, colon cancer and AIDS combined, and here’s a treatment that is not only profoundly effective, but also has no side effects and is inexpensive, readily available and simple to administer. Patients and doctors really have nothing to lose by trying it.
Potential Contraindication
While more research is needed to validate the findings, vitamin C and thiamine (vitamin B1) administration is so safe there’s really no need to avoid it. It certainly isn’t going to make the situation worse — unless you happen to be glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficient (a genetic disorder).19
G6PD is an enzyme your red blood cells need to maintain membrane integrity. High-dose IV vitamin C is a strong pro-oxidant, and giving a pro-oxidant to a G6PD-deficient individual can cause their red blood cells to rupture, which could have disastrous consequences.
Fortunately, G6PC deficiency is relatively uncommon, and can be tested for. People of Mediterranean and African decent are at greater risk of being G6PC deficient. Worldwide, G6PD deficiency is thought to affect 400 million individuals, and in the U.S., an estimated 1 in 10 African American males have it.20
Anecdotal Evidence Suggests Near-Infrared Light May Protect Against Kidney Failure
On a side note, your risk of kidney failure — which is a very common outcome of sepsis — may be reduced or prevented by shining a near-infrared light on the area. I know, that sounds too amazing to be true, but according to Michael Hamblin, Ph.D., a photodynamic therapy researcher, the anecdotal evidence for this is quite strong.

“Kidney failure is the third leading cause of death. These are old folks who are dying from kidney failure. You can’t really give them transplants because they’re elderly. You put a near-infrared LED array where their kidneys are and it seems to work like a dream. [But] it’s hardly been studied at all,” Hamblin said. Again, the worst that could happen is nothing, as red and near-infrared light (630 to 830 nanometer range) is quite safe.

Other Health Benefits of Thiamine
Thiamine or vitamin B1,21 found in pork, dark leafy greens, wheat germ, green peas, lentils and nuts,22 is perhaps best known for its role in cellular production of energy and supporting normal neuronal activity. However, it also has a wide range of other health benefits.23 According to the Mayo Clinic, studies confirm thiamine can be helpful for a long list of diseases and disorders, including:24

Metabolic and mitochondrial disorders
Blood clots and clogged arteries
Cerebellar ataxia (movement disorder caused by neurological damage)
Coma
Kidney dysfunction

Research25 published in 2013 also found thiamine supplementation can improve cardiac function in those with heart failure. Overall, patients with heart failure tend to be deficient in thiamine, as well as other micronutrients. Thiamine deficiency has also been linked to delirium,26 thyroid fatigue and Hashimoto’s (a thyroid autoimmune disorder).27 These and other health effects may help explain why thiamine works so well (in conjunction with vitamin C and hydrocortisone) for sepsis.
For general health purposes, adult men and women need about 1.2 and 1.1 milligrams (mg) of thiamine respectively each day. Also be aware that thiamine conversion is dependent on having sufficient amounts of sulfur. Good sources of dietary sulfur include organic pastured eggs, legumes, garlic, onion, Brussel sprouts, asparagus, kale and wheat germ.
Moreover, all B vitamins, including thiamine, are produced within your gut28 provided you have a healthy gut microbiome. So, eating real food, ideally organic, along with fermented foods will provide your microbiome with important fiber and beneficial bacteria to help optimize your internal vitamin B production.
To Avoid Sepsis, Understand the Cause
With sepsis affecting more than a million Americans each year, how can you avoid becoming a statistic? First, be aware that ANY infection can lead to sepsis. While it’s typically associated with hospital-acquired infections, nearly half of all cases are in fact the result of an infection acquired outside a hospital setting.29
Part of what makes it so deadly is that people typically do not suspect it, and the longer you wait to treat it, the deadlier it gets. As noted in a special report on sepsis by Consumer Reports:30

“Whenever the body develops an infection, the immune system normally kicks in, producing chemicals to fight the infection. But sometimes — either because the triggering bacteria is unusually powerful or because the person’s immune system is already weakened by other health problems — those chemicals are set loose in the bloodstream and course through the body.


Instead of just fighting the local infection, those chemicals unleashed by the immune system cause widespread inflammation and damage tissues in the liver, kidneys, heart and other organs. Within hours, blood clots can begin to form, and damage to blood vessels causes blood pressure to drop, which in turn slows the delivery of vital nutrients to those organs already under attack. In the final stages, the heart weakens and organs begin to fail.”

According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), you’re at higher risk for sepsis if you have:

Chronic disease. A vast majority — 7 out of 10 — of people who develop sepsis have some kind of chronic health condition. Those with diabetes, lung, kidney or liver disease tend to be particularly susceptible to infection, which raises the risk.
Weakened immune system, AIDS or cancer.
Recently spent time in a hospital, nursing home or other health care facility, as exposure to infection-causing bacteria is common in these places.

Common Sense Strategies to Reduce Your Risk of Sepsis
While health care workers have a responsibility to prevent infections that could potentially turn septic and to educate patients about warning signs of sepsis, you can lower your own risk by:
Promptly treating urinary tract infections (UTIs). UTIs are the second most common type of infection in the body, sending more than 8 million people to their health care providers every year in the U.S. alone,31 and one-quarter of sepsis cases are related to urinary tract infections.
Conventional treatment typically involves antibiotics, but research shows 90 percent of UTIs can be successfully treated with D-Mannose, a naturally occurring sugar that’s closely related to glucose. To learn more, see “D-Mannose for UTI Prevention Validated in a Clinical Trial.”

•Properly clean skin wounds. About 1 in 10 sepsis cases are due to skin infections, so always take the time to properly clean and care for wounds and scrapes. Wash the wound with mild soap and water to clean out dirt and debris, then cover with a sterile bandage. Diabetics should follow good foot care to avoid dangerous foot infections.
•Avoid infections in hospitals. When visiting a health care facility, be sure to wash your own hands, and remind doctors and nurses to wash theirs (and/or change gloves) before touching you or any equipment being used on you.
If you have to undergo a colonoscopy or other testing using a flexible medical scope, remember to call and ask how they clean their scopes and what kind of cleaning solution they use. If the answer is glutaraldehyde (brand name Cidex), find another hospital or clinic — one that uses peracetic acid. This preliminary legwork will significantly decrease your risk of contracting an infection from a contaminated scope.
In the video below, Andrew Saul, Ph.D., co-author of the book, “Hospitals and Health: Your Orthomolecular Guide to a Shorter, Safer Hospital Stay,” discusses the dangers of hospital stays, the type of patient that tends to get killed the most, and how you can protect your health and life in the event you have to spend time in a hospital.
April 05, 2017 | 11,342 views
http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2017/04/05/vitamin-c-b1-hydrocortisone-reduce-sepsis-mortality.aspx?utm_source=dnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art1&utm_campaign=20170405Z2&et_cid=DM141720&et_rid=1956029126



By Dr. MercolaSepsis1 is a progressive disease process caused by an aggressive, dysfunctional immune response to an infection in the bloodstream. It starts with symptoms of infection that can progress to septic shock.Unless treated — and the earlier the better — sepsis can result in extremely low blood pressure that is unresponsive to fluid replacement, weakening of the heart, and multiple-organ failure.Sepsis is a common hospital-acquired infection,2,3 but common illnesses such as bronchitis, pneumonia, strep throat or kidney infection can also turn septic, as can localized infections caused by bacteria, fungi or viruses.The condition becomes particularly problematic and deadly if the infection involves methicillin-resistant or vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA or VRSA) bacteria.Each year, an estimated 1 million Americans get sepsis4 and up to half of them die.5,6,7 Treatment can be a challenge, and is becoming even more so as drug-resistant infections become more prevalent.According to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, sepsis is the most expensive condition being treated in U.S. hospitals, costing more than $20 billion in 20118 and $24 billion in 2014.9The good news is a critical care physician just may have found a way to save tens of thousands of lives and billions of dollars each year using two readily available vitamins and a steroid.Vitamin C and Thiamin — An Inexpensive Cure for SepsisVitamin C is well-known for its ability to prevent and treat infectious diseases. Previous research has shown it effectively lowers pro-inflammatory cytokines and C-reactive protein.10,11,12 Influenza,13 encephalitis and measles14 have all been successfully treated with high-dose vitamin C.Studies have even shown vitamin C is selectively cytotoxic to cancer cells by generating hydrogen peroxide when administered intravenously (IV) in high doses. It also has a number of heart and cardiovascular benefits.The anti-infective power of vitamin C has now been demonstrated yet again by Dr. Paul Marik, a critical care doctor at Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in East Virginia.Last January, when faced with yet another deathly ill patient, Marik decided to try a combination of intravenous (IV) vitamin C with hydrocortisone as a last-ditch effort to save the woman’s life.15He’d recently read a colleague’s paper on vitamin C, and he knew vitamin C acts like the steroid hydrocortisone, so on a hunch, he administered the two together. It worked. While everyone expected her to die, the woman made a remarkable overnight recovery. As reported by NBC4i News:16“The staff couldn’t believe it, so they tried it again and again — with the same results. They added a third element, thiamine, to the IV treatment as well. Today, they have used the treatment on about 150 patients and they say the result is the same …A researcher at Old Dominion University, John Catravas, Ph.D., … did an independent lab study that confirms the treatment’s effectiveness.”Interestingly, Marik used a relatively small amount of vitamin C — only 1.5 grams IV. Most natural medicine physicians tend to use 25 grams or more when giving IV vitamin C, more than 20 times the dose used here. One can only wonder how much more effective a larger dose would be.It’s All About the Right Combination of IngredientsFor the first two or three patients, only vitamin C and hydrocortisone were used. Marik then decided to add thiamine for a number of reasons. Importantly, it’s required for metabolism of some of the metabolites of vitamin C.Research has also shown many patients with sepsis are vitamin deficient, and when thiamine is given, it reduces mortality. Septic shock patients who receive thiamine have also been shown to have a reduced risk of renal failure.Marik’s retrospective before-after clinical study,17,18 published in the journal Chest, showed that giving patients IV vitamin C with hydrocortisone and thiamine (vitamin B1) for two days reduced mortality nearly five-fold, from 40 percent to 8.5 percent.Of the 50 patients treated, only four died — and none of them actually died from sepsis. They died from their underlying disease.Interestingly, further lab testing found that while neither vitamin C nor hydrocortisone alone are able to prevent cell death following exposure to toxins produced by bacteria, when given in combination, the concoction does protect the cells. Turns out Marik’s hunch had been a truly inspired one.Other research has also shown thiamine reduces mortality from sepsis and helps protect against renal failure, which is why Marik decided to add it to his mixture.The treatment has now become part of the hospital’s standard of care for sepsis, and will hopefully become standard of care for sepsis elsewhere as well. As noted by Marik, sepsis kills about 1,000 people each day in the U.S. — that’s like having three jumbo jets crash each day.Sepsis kills more than breast cancer, colon cancer and AIDS combined, and here’s a treatment that is not only profoundly effective, but also has no side effects and is inexpensive, readily available and simple to administer. Patients and doctors really have nothing to lose by trying it.Potential ContraindicationWhile more research is needed to validate the findings, vitamin C and thiamine (vitamin B1) administration is so safe there’s really no need to avoid it. It certainly isn’t going to make the situation worse — unless you happen to be glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficient (a genetic disorder).19G6PD is an enzyme your red blood cells need to maintain membrane integrity. High-dose IV vitamin C is a strong pro-oxidant, and giving a pro-oxidant to a G6PD-deficient individual can cause their red blood cells to rupture, which could have disastrous consequences.Fortunately, G6PC deficiency is relatively uncommon, and can be tested for. People of Mediterranean and African decent are at greater risk of being G6PC deficient. Worldwide, G6PD deficiency is thought to affect 400 million individuals, and in the U.S., an estimated 1 in 10 African American males have it.20Anecdotal Evidence Suggests Near-Infrared Light May Protect Against Kidney FailureOn a side note, your risk of kidney failure — which is a very common outcome of sepsis — may be reduced or prevented by shining a near-infrared light on the area. I know, that sounds too amazing to be true, but according to Michael Hamblin, Ph.D., a photodynamic therapy researcher, the anecdotal evidence for this is quite strong.“Kidney failure is the third leading cause of death. These are old folks who are dying from kidney failure. You can’t really give them transplants because they’re elderly. You put a near-infrared LED array where their kidneys are and it seems to work like a dream. [But] it’s hardly been studied at all,” Hamblin said. Again, the worst that could happen is nothing, as red and near-infrared light (630 to 830 nanometer range) is quite safe.Other Health Benefits of ThiamineThiamine or vitamin B1,21 found in pork, dark leafy greens, wheat germ, green peas, lentils and nuts,22 is perhaps best known for its role in cellular production of energy and supporting normal neuronal activity. However, it also has a wide range of other health benefits.23 According to the Mayo Clinic, studies confirm thiamine can be helpful for a long list of diseases and disorders, including:24Research25 published in 2013 also found thiamine supplementation can improve cardiac function in those with heart failure. Overall, patients with heart failure tend to be deficient in thiamine, as well as other micronutrients. Thiamine deficiency has also been linked to delirium,26 thyroid fatigue and Hashimoto’s (a thyroid autoimmune disorder).27 These and other health effects may help explain why thiamine works so well (in conjunction with vitamin C and hydrocortisone) for sepsis.For general health purposes, adult men and women need about 1.2 and 1.1 milligrams (mg) of thiamine respectively each day. Also be aware that thiamine conversion is dependent on having sufficient amounts of sulfur. Good sources of dietary sulfur include organic pastured eggs, legumes, garlic, onion, Brussel sprouts, asparagus, kale and wheat germ.Moreover, all B vitamins, including thiamine, are produced within your gut28 provided you have a healthy gut microbiome. So, eating real food, ideally organic, along with fermented foods will provide your microbiome with important fiber and beneficial bacteria to help optimize your internal vitamin B production.To Avoid Sepsis, Understand the CauseWith sepsis affecting more than a million Americans each year, how can you avoid becoming a statistic? First, be aware that ANY infection can lead to sepsis. While it’s typically associated with hospital-acquired infections, nearly half of all cases are in fact the result of an infection acquired outside a hospital setting.29Part of what makes it so deadly is that people typically do not suspect it, and the longer you wait to treat it, the deadlier it gets. As noted in a special report on sepsis by Consumer Reports:30“Whenever the body develops an infection, the immune system normally kicks in, producing chemicals to fight the infection. But sometimes — either because the triggering bacteria is unusually powerful or because the person’s immune system is already weakened by other health problems — those chemicals are set loose in the bloodstream and course through the body.Instead of just fighting the local infection, those chemicals unleashed by the immune system cause widespread inflammation and damage tissues in the liver, kidneys, heart and other organs. Within hours, blood clots can begin to form, and damage to blood vessels causes blood pressure to drop, which in turn slows the delivery of vital nutrients to those organs already under attack. In the final stages, the heart weakens and organs begin to fail.”According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), you’re at higher risk for sepsis if you have:Common Sense Strategies to Reduce Your Risk of SepsisWhile health care workers have a responsibility to prevent infections that could potentially turn septic and to educate patients about warning signs of sepsis, you can lower your own risk by:Promptly treating urinary tract infections (UTIs). UTIs are the second most common type of infection in the body, sending more than 8 million people to their health care providers every year in the U.S. alone,31 and one-quarter of sepsis cases are related to urinary tract infections.Conventional treatment typically involves antibiotics, but research shows 90 percent of UTIs can be successfully treated with D-Mannose, a naturally occurring sugar that’s closely related to glucose. To learn more, see “D-Mannose for UTI Prevention Validated in a Clinical Trial.”•Properly clean skin wounds. About 1 in 10 sepsis cases are due to skin infections, so always take the time to properly clean and care for wounds and scrapes. Wash the wound with mild soap and water to clean out dirt and debris, then cover with a sterile bandage. Diabetics should follow good foot care to avoid dangerous foot infections.•Avoid infections in hospitals. When visiting a health care facility, be sure to wash your own hands, and remind doctors and nurses to wash theirs (and/or change gloves) before touching you or any equipment being used on you.If you have to undergo a colonoscopy or other testing using a flexible medical scope, remember to call and ask how they clean their scopes and what kind of cleaning solution they use. If the answer is glutaraldehyde (brand name Cidex), find another hospital or clinic — one that uses peracetic acid. This preliminary legwork will significantly decrease your risk of contracting an infection from a contaminated scope.In the video below, Andrew Saul, Ph.D., co-author of the book, “Hospitals and Health: Your Orthomolecular Guide to a Shorter, Safer Hospital Stay,” discusses the dangers of hospital stays, the type of patient that tends to get killed the most, and how you can protect your health and life in the event you have to spend time in a hospital.April 05, 2017 | 11,342 viewshttp://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2017/04/05/vitamin-c-b1-hydrocortisone-reduce-sepsis-mortality.aspx?utm_source=dnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art1&utm_campaign=20170405Z2&et_cid=DM141720&et_rid=1956029126








Sponsored Linksby Family Health Freedom Network Even though most of the people are aware of the negative effects of sugar, they still consume it in large amounts. For instance, Americans consume an average of 150 Ibs of sugar per year. Besides leading to obesity, diabetes and cancer, high amounts of sugar can also cause nutrient deficiency and reduces the absorption of essential vitamins and minerals needed by the body.The consumption of too much sugar prevents the absorption of vitamin C since they both use the same transporters in order to reach the cells. In other words, increased glucose levels inhibit vitamin C from entering the cells which results in limited vitamin absorption. Furthermore, this leads to suppressed tissue regeneration and decreased immune function.
Sugar can also degrade vitamin D since it decreases the enzymes needed to synthesize this vitamin, which leads to vitamin D deficiency. Unfortunately, this condition leads to dementia, inflammation, infections, cancer and autoimmunity.The consumption of too much sugar causes high blood sugar and increases insulin levels which promote magnesium excretion by the kidneys, thus inhibiting tubular reabsorption of the mineral. Since magnesium is essential in some bodily functions like nerve regulation, bone building, etc, its deficiency will lead to severe side-effects.Moreover, entering too much sugar in your organism affects chromium absorption by excreting the essential mineral. This mineral is extremely important since it promotes blood glucose control, macronutrient metabolism and insulin binding. Chromium deficiency leads to high blood sugar levels and poor glucose tolerance.When it comes to calcium, It is vital for electrolyte balance, skeletal health and blood clotting, so excessive sugar intake can negatively affect vitamin D which can cause a ripple effect to the body’s calcium absorption. Calcium deficiency also leads to numerous adverse effects.Sweet killer: The nasty effects of high sugar intake on the bodyNowadays, people are more and more aware of the side-effects of excessive consumption of sugar. For instance, too much sugar can lead to suppressed immune function as well as to trigger hyperactivity in children. Moreover, it can lead to advanced aging, increased blood acidity and kidney damage.Besides the abovementioned, excessive consumption of sugar can also cause candida, asthma, digestive disorders, tooth decay, arthritis, depression, free radical formation, eczema, atherosclerosis, brittle tendons, etc. However, the most hazardous effects are increased liver and kidney sizes.RELATED POSTS  Let’s block ads! (Why?)Every Day is Earth Day








Sponsored Linksby Susan Patterson; The Alternative Daily The lemon was first created as a cross between a lime and a citron, and all three grow on evergreen shrubs. The Arabs introduced this small citrus fruit to the Europeans, who then brought them to Spain in the 11th century.Along with other fruits and vegetables, Christopher Columbus brought lemons with him on his second voyage to the New World in 1493, and they have been growing in Florida since the 16th century.
Besides large amounts of vitamin C, lemons also contain riboflavin, thiamin, iron, magnesium, pantothenic acid, fiber, vitamin B6, potassium, copper, calcium and folate.Here’s an interesting fact: lemons protected miners against scurvy during the California Gold Rush, and cost as much as one dollar each in 1849.
Although we may not be overly concerned about scurvy in America today, here are 27 extraordinary ways to put lemons to work in your life:1. Lemons fight free radicalsVitamin C is the most important antioxidant. This vitamin neutralizes free radicals both inside and outside of cells. Free radicals are responsible for damaging cells and cellular membranes, which lead to inflammation, chronic diseases and accelerated aging.Free radicals can also damage blood vessels and alter cholesterol so that it builds up on artery walls. Vitamin C helps prevent this buildup, and consequently helps to stop the progression of atherosclerosis and heart disease in diabetics.2. Boost immune systemWhen cold and flu season arrives, it is always a good idea to keep a bag of fresh lemons handy. The citric acid, bioflavonoids, vitamin C, calcium, pectin and limonene do a great job of boosting your immune system and keeping infections at bay.3. Protect against cancerLemons contain 22 anti-cancer compounds including limonene, an oil that has been shown to halt the growth of cancer tumors in animals. In addition, they also contain flavonol glycosides, which stop the division of cancer cells.A 2005 study published in the Journal of Nutrition found that limonoids in citrus fruits protect cells from damage that can lead to cancer. Another study published in the Journal of Agriculture and Food Chemistry stated that limonoids can inhibit tumors in the mouth and stop the growth of cancer cells once a tumor has formed.4. Balance pHLemons are considered one of the most alkalizing foods you can eat. This may seem counterintuitive, as they are acidic on their own. However, in the body, lemons are alkaline; the citric acid does not create acidity once it has been metabolized.The minerals in lemons actually help to alkalize the blood. Most people are too acidic, and lemons reduce overall acidity, drawing uric acid from the joints. This reduces the pain and inflammation which many people feel.5. Aid oxygen uptakeLemons have a purer concentration of negatively charged ions than any other fruit. Dr. Pierce J. Howard, author of “The Owners Manual for the Brain: Everyday Applications from Mind Brain Research,” says, “Negative ions increase the flow of oxygen to the brain, resulting in higher alertness, decreased drowsiness and more mental energy. They also may protect against germs in the air.” The first man to reach the top of Mount Everest, Sir Edmund Hillary, said that he attributed much of his success to lemons!Fact: One lemon tree can produce up to 600 pounds of lemons in a year. If you live in an area where you can grow a tree, you should plant one or two!6. Add fiberMost people fall far short of the 20 to 38 grams of fiber recommended daily. Without proper fiber, however, you can easily become constipated or develop hemorrhoids. Consuming adequate fiber has been shown to reduce the risk of developing health conditions such as diabetes, heart disease and diverticulitis.In fact, the American Diabetes Association includes lemons on their list of superfoods because of their high fiber content. In addition, the pectin fiber in lemons can help keep you from getting hungry and overeating.7. Boost mood and energyHave you ever gotten up on the “wrong side of the bed?” If you are often lethargic and cranky in the morning, or any time of the day, for that matter, you may want to consider munching on a lemon.Our energy comes from atoms and molecules in our food. When positively charged atoms flood the digestive tract and mingle with those that are negatively charged, a positive reaction occurs.Lemons contain more negatively charged ions than positive ions, which gives you a boost as the lemon enters your digestive tract. Just the scent alone of lemons can improve your mood and elevate your energy levels. Lemons also promote clear thinking and help reduce anxiety and depression.8. Improve digestive healthYour body works hard to digest all that you give it. Lemon juice helps flush away unwanted materials and toxins left from the digestive process. Because lemon juice is similar in atomic composition to digestive juices and saliva, it does a great job breaking down material and encouraging the liver to produce bile.9. Clear skinSometimes we forget that the key to clear and beautiful skin starts with great nutrition. Thanks to the vitamin C in lemons, these little citrus fruits can help decrease wrinkles and blemishes. Lemons help to push toxins from the body and support healthy liver function, which also keeps skin clear and supple.10. Protect against kidney stonesWhen you don’t have enough citrate in your urine, you are at an increased risk of developing kidney stones. Eating lemons on a regular basis can help raise the citrate levels in your urine. They may prevent stones from forming by coating very small stones and keeping other material from attaching to the small stones and enlarging them.11. Reduce blood pressureLemons are high in potassium, which is an important mineral that helps to keep blood vessels soft and flexible. This, in turn, helps to reduce high blood pressure. The vitamin B in lemons is also beneficial to heart health.12. Refresh cutting boardNo matter how clean you try to keep your cutting boards, it is inevitable that they will capture the odors of the foods that you cut on them. After each use, cut a lemon in half and rub the cutting board down. You can also pour some lemon juice in a small spray bottle and spritz the board after each use. Rinse well and allow the board to air dry.13. Repel insectsIf you have small children or pets you may be leery of using a chemical treatment for insects that decide to take up residence in your home. To keep ants and other insects out spray a little juice on door thresholds and windowsills.If you can see where the ants or other unwanted guests are coming from, squeeze a little juice into holes or cracks. You can also cut up small pieces of lemons outside of doors as well. To deter roaches and fleas, mix the juice of four lemons, with rinds left on, with 1/2 gallon of water and wash your floors.14. Lighten age spotsAge spots, also known as liver spots, are spots that generally appear in people over 50. They can sometimes be the result of sun exposure and are completely harmless, although some people don’t like the way they look.If you are one of those people, you can lighten these spots naturally with lemon. Simply apply some real lemon juice to the dark area (a spray bottle works well), and let it sit on the spot for about 15 minutes before rinsing off. Keep this up daily and you will see a lightening effect in no time.15. Highlight hair naturallyDo you dream of beautiful hair highlights but dread using heavy chemicals? Using lemons for lightening your hair is a wonderful way to get lovely highlights without exposing yourself to toxins. Mix 1/4 cup of lemon juice with 3/4 cup water and use this mixture to rinse your hair. After you rinse, sit in the sun until your hair dries. Repeat this once daily for up to a week until you see the desired results.16. Fight dandruffMany people are plagued with dandruff and tirelessly seek relief. Thankfully, there is a very easy way to ease dandruff using lemon juice. Massage two tablespoons of lemon juice into your scalp and rinse with water. Next, stir one teaspoon of lemon juice into a cup of water and rinse your hair with it. Repeat this until you see an improvement in your dandruff.
17. Freshen breathFor long lasting fresh breath, rinse with straight lemon juice. Rather than spitting the juice out, swallow it. Citric acid, found in lemon juice will alter the pH level in your mouth, killing the bacteria that cause breath odor. Rinse your mouth and teeth well, as long-term exposure to the acid can damage tooth enamel.18. Remove berry stainsBerries are a delicious and nutritious treat and so much fun to go pick yourself. If you find that your fingers become stained from the berries (and they will if you pick enough), you will also find that regular soap and water will not come close to removing the stains.However, pour some undiluted lemon juice on your hands, wait a few minutes, and wash with warm and soapy water. Repeat until your hands are stain-free; it shouldn’t take more than a couple of washes.19. Clean brass and chromeDoes your brass or chrome need a pick-me-up? If so, let lemons do the work for you. You can easily make a paste with lemon juice and baking soda. Just mix enough of each to make the consistency of toothpaste. Apply the mixture to your brass or chrome and let it sit for about five minutes. Wash it off with warm water, then dry and polish with a clean cloth. You can also clean your kitchen sink with this mixture. The bonus is that it smells amazingly fresh. It will work to remove mineral deposits as well.20. Clean and whiten nailsWhether you dig in the dirt a lot, have yellow stains from nail polish, or just have dull and listless nails, lemon juice is just what you need for your nail revival. Lemons contain natural bleaching power that can restore your nails to a vivid white. Fill a bowl halfway with fresh lemon juice.Place your nails in the juice for about fifteen minutes. Use a soft brush or even a toothbrush to gently scrub the yellow from your nails. Rinse your hands with lukewarm water and apply a thin coat of coconut oil. Do this daily until your nail color has been restored.21. Firm up soggy lettuceDo you hate soggy lettuce and often find yourself throwing it out? Before you do, try this: add the juice of half a lemon to a bowl of cold water and place the soggy lettuce in this bowl in the fridge for an hour. You will be amazed at what happens to your limp lettuce. Just take the leaves out of the lemon juice mixture and dry off before using in your salad.22. Aid in proper food and water absorptionA daily glass of lemon water with Himalayan salt may provide a better overall mineral balance, which promotes proper food and water absorption in your body. This allows essential nutrients to get where they need to be.23. Get rid of allergiesIt has been suggested that the combination of lemon and salt, specifically mixed into warm water, acts as a natural antihistamine for allergies. It may be the perfect alternative to those pink pills that leave you feeling drowsy.24. Exfoliate lipsIf you are suffering from dry lips, apply a bit of raw lemon juice to your lips before bedtime. In the morning you will find your lips noticeably softer. Repeat this process for several weeks to promote hydration and remove dead skin cells.25. Boost libidoThe vitamin C content and hormone-balancing properties of lemon water can help lift your mood. This might be all it takes to boost your libido, without the need for that little blue pill.26. Get rid of blackheadsLemons have both antibacterial and astringent properties that help promote the elimination of waste and excess oil on the skin. To help reduce blackheads, rub some lemon on your skin and let it set for ten minutes. Splash your face with cold water. Repeat as necessary. Do not use this treatment before spending time in the sun.27. Fight stinky armpitsLemons have properties that help them act like a natural deodorant. The citric acid kills bacteria that causes bad odors. Simply rub the juice of a fresh lemon under your arm for a practical and effective emergency deodorant. What is the difference between real lemons and bottled lemon juice?Real lemons contain about 139 percent vitamin C, while bottled juice contains 100 percent of the daily value. The calcium content in real lemons is seven percent, while in bottled juice it is three percent. In addition, some bottled lemon juice may also contain fructose and other dangerous additives. Make sure you are using the real thing — it will make a difference.RELATED POSTS  Let’s block ads! (Why?)Every Day is Earth Day








Natural Blaze.comRichard Taylor, University of OregonHumans are visual creatures. Objects we call “beautiful” or “aesthetic” are a crucial part of our humanity. Even the oldest known examples of rock and cave art served aesthetic rather than utilitarian roles. Although aesthetics is often regarded as an ill-defined vague quality, research groups like mine are using sophisticated techniques to quantify it – and its impact on the observer. We’re finding that aesthetic images can induce staggering changes to the body, including radical reductions in the observer’s stress levels. Job stress alone is estimated to cost American businesses many billions of dollars annually, so studying aesthetics holds a huge potential benefit to society.Researchers are untangling just what makes particular works of art or natural scenes visually appealing and stress-relieving – and one crucial factor is the presence of the repetitive patterns called fractals.Are fractals the key to why Pollock’s work captivates? - AP Photo/LM OteroWhen it comes to aesthetics, who better to study than famous artists? They are, after all, the visual experts. My research group took this approach with Jackson Pollock, who rose to the peak of modern art in the late 1940s by pouring paint directly from a can onto horizontal canvases laid across his studio floor. Although battles raged among Pollock scholars regarding the meaning of his splattered patterns, many agreed they had an organic, natural feel to them.My scientific curiosity was stirred when I learned that many of nature’s objects are fractal, featuring patterns that repeat at increasingly fine magnifications. For example, think of a tree. First you see the big branches growing out of the trunk. Then you see smaller versions growing out of each big branch. As you keep zooming in, finer and finer branches appear, all the way down to the smallest twigs. Other examples of nature’s fractals include clouds, rivers, coastlines and mountains.In 1999, my group used computer pattern analysis techniques to show that Pollock’s paintings are as fractal as patterns found in natural scenery. Since then, more than 10 different groups have performed various forms of fractal analysis on his paintings. Pollock’s ability to express nature’s fractal aesthetics helps explain the enduring popularity of his work.The impact of nature’s aesthetics is surprisingly powerful. In the 1980s, architects found that patients recovered more quickly from surgery when given hospital rooms with windows looking out on nature. Other studies since then have demonstrated that just looking at pictures of natural scenes can change the way a person’s autonomic nervous system responds to stress.Are fractals the secret to some soothing natural scenes?
Ronan, CC BY-NC-NDFor me, this raises the same question I’d asked of Pollock: Are fractals responsible? Collaborating with psychologists and neuroscientists, we measured people’s responses to fractals found in nature (using photos of natural scenes), art (Pollock’s paintings) and mathematics (computer generated images) and discovered a universal effect we labeled “fractal fluency.”Through exposure to nature’s fractal scenery, people’s visual systems have adapted to efficiently process fractals with ease. We found that this adaptation occurs at many stages of the visual system, from the way our eyes move to which regions of the brain get activated. This fluency puts us in a comfort zone and so we enjoy looking at fractals. Crucially, we used EEG to record the brain’s electrical activity and skin conductance techniques to show that this aesthetic experience is accompanied by stress reduction of 60 percent – a surprisingly large effect for a nonmedicinal treatment. This physiological change even accelerates post-surgical recovery rates.It’s therefore not surprising to learn that, as visual experts, artists have been embedding fractal patterns in their works through the centuries and across many cultures. Fractals can be found, for example, in Roman, Egyptian, Aztec, Incan and Mayan works. My favorite examples of fractal art from more recent times include da Vinci’s Turbulence (1500), Hokusai’s Great Wave (1830), M.C. Escher’s Circle Series (1950s) and, of course, Pollock’s poured paintings.Although prevalent in art, the fractal repetition of patterns represents an artistic challenge. For instance, many people have attempted to fake Pollock’s fractals and failed. Indeed, our fractal analysis has helped identify fake Pollocks in high-profile cases. Recent studies by others show that fractal analysis can help distinguish real from fake Pollocks with a 93 percent success rate.How artists create their fractals fuels the nature-versus-nurture debate in art: To what extent is aesthetics determined by automatic unconscious mechanisms inherent in the artist’s biology, as opposed to their intellectual and cultural concerns? In Pollock’s case, his fractal aesthetics resulted from an intriguing mixture of both. His fractal patterns originated from his body motions (specifically an automatic process related to balance known to be fractal). But he spent 10 years consciously refining his pouring technique to increase the visual complexity of these fractal patterns.The Rorschach inkblot test relies on what you read in to the image.
Hermann RorschachPollock’s motivation for continually increasing the complexity of his fractal patterns became apparent recently when I studied the fractal properties of Rorschach inkblots. These abstract blots are famous because people see imaginary forms (figures and animals) in them. I explained this process in terms of the fractal fluency effect, which enhances people’s pattern recognition processes. The low complexity fractal inkblots made this process trigger-happy, fooling observers into seeing images that aren’t there.Pollock disliked the idea that viewers of his paintings were distracted by such imaginary figures, which he called “extra cargo.” He intuitively increased the complexity of his works to prevent this phenomenon.Pollock’s abstract expressionist colleague, Willem De Kooning, also painted fractals. When he was diagnosed with dementia, some art scholars called for his retirement amid concerns that that it would reduce the nurture component of his work. Yet, although they predicted a deterioration in his paintings, his later works conveyed a peacefulness missing from his earlier pieces. Recently, the fractal complexity of his paintings was shown to drop steadily as he slipped into dementia. The study focused on seven artists with different neurological conditions and highlighted the potential of using art works as a new tool for studying these diseases. To me, the most inspiring message is that, when fighting these diseases, artists can still create beautiful artworks.READ MORE“Blazing a path to natural health and wellness. Get natural health news, remedies and tips at naturalblaze.com”








In nearly all cultures, myths and legends can serve as cautionary tales, keeping one foot in practical reality and the other in the realm of the supernatural… and it’s no surprise that the most effective cautionary tales are also the scariest.The ancient lore of the indigenous peoples of North America are as varied and far-reaching as the continent itself, and unless you’re well-versed in native lore, you might not realize how many of those tales are populated by horrifying spirits, ghosts, witches, demons and monsters… and since we’re in the scare business, we’re going to share the most nightmarish ones with you.Many of the frightening creatures listed below span multiple tribes — and in some cases, hundreds of generations. So if you investigate their origins further, you’ll see they have many different names and traits, depending on where their tales are told.Camazotz: The Death BatThis ferocious creature originates with the ancient Mayans, who depicted him as a powerful god-monster from the hellish domain of Xibalba, where he presides over swarms of bloodthirsty vampire bats. Though powerful enough to destroy entire civilizations, Camazotz made a treaty with human beings to bring them fire… but in exchange, he demanded human sacrifices.In other words, there are evil forces lurking everywhere… so you’d better do your homework!
Image Credit: iStock/kanishkaChenoo: The Ice GiantThough some tales describe the Chenoo as a Bigfoot-like creature, the original legend from the Wabanaki people tells that he was once a human, but at some point committed a horrible crime, for which the gods cursed him and turned his heart to ice. His frozen spirit was then trapped within the body of a lumbering, troll-like monster, who devours any human he can get his hands on.Kanontsistonties: The Flying HeadsIroquois myths include some nightmarish tales, but the Flying Heads are the creepiest by a long shot. There are many stories about these evil creatures, most of which portray them as a kind of vampire, and they vary in size from tiny to humongous. The most familiar story involves one of the beasts attacking a woman who was roasting chestnuts; the creature accidentally ingested a hot coal from the fire, which burned it to ashes. Mishipeshu: The Water-PantherThe story of the Water-Panther spans multiple tribes, including Cree, Algonquin, Ojibwe, and Shawnee. It’s usually described as a giant dragon-like feline, and the most common element is the monster’s aquatic habitat; it lurks in lakes and rivers, waiting for humans to come close to the water, then pulls them under and drowns them.
Image Credit: iStock/frentushaYee Naaldlooshii: The SkinwalkerKnown mainly to Navajo folklore, the Skinwalker is essentially the North American equivalent of the werewolf. In most tales, the creature is a magical or cursed human being — usually a shaman who takes part in a heretical ceremony designed to summon evil forces, so that he may take on the characteristics of an animal. That animal can take many forms, including wolves, bears and birds.Skudakumooch: The Ghost-WitchOne of the scariest figures in Passamaquoddy and Micmac mythology, the Ghost-Witch is often said to be born from the dead body of a shaman who practiced black magic; the demonic entity then emerges each night with murder on its mind. They can be killed with fire, but beware if approaching one: simply making eye contact or hearing the witch’s voice can bring a diabolical curse down on the unwary.Tah-tah-kle’-ah: The Owl-WomenFrom the Yakama tribe come tales of five supernatural women who resemble giant owls, dwelling in caves by day and flying out at night to prey on all manner of creatures — including humans. In fact, they are said to prefer the taste of children. Legend has it they can hunt humans by mimicking their language.Teihiihan: The Little CannibalsAmong the most dreaded figures in Cheyenne and Arapaho legends (and more), these savage humanoids may be child-sized, but they’re incredibly strong, and often attack in large numbers. According to some myths, the Teihiihan were fearsome warriors in a previous life, resurrected as dwarves after dying in battle.Uktena: The Horned SerpentCherokee legends prominently feature this dragon-like behemoth, which is believed to have originated as a human, taking the serpentine shape to seek vengeance on those who wronged them. Much like the dragons of European myth, there are stories of men proving their bravery by confronting one of the powerful beasts, who are also lightning-fast and can devour a person in one bite.Wendigo: The Evil That DevoursArguably the most powerful and deadly creature in North American folklore, the Wendigo appears in many tribal legends, but the best-known description comes from communities surrounding the Great Lakes region. Many of the legends are cautionary tales enforcing taboos against cannibalism, by claiming that any human who eats another’s flesh will be transformed into a creature of pure evil — a form of Manitou cursed with insatiable appetite.SOURCECheck out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy








A previously unknown Egyptian pyramid dating back about 3,700 years has been discovered by archaeologists near an ancient burial site in Southern Cairo.
The location of the pyramid is to the north of the so-called Bent Pyramid, which was built by King Sneferu in about 2,600 BC.The newly found pyramid dates back to the 13th Dynasty, according to Egypt’s Ahram website, and is located within the Dahshur Necropolis – an area along the west bank of the Nile constructed for the burial of royal family members, reports RT.King Sneferu’s Bent Pyramid is regarded as one of the first attempts at building an above ground burial monument in Egypt.Thanks http://ufosightingshotspot.blogspot.com/Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








The anomalies of the halo model of dark matter have begun to accumulate rapidly. The problems of the halo model are discussed in detail in the blog “Dark matter crisis” of Prof. Pavel Kroupa and Marcel S. Pawlowski (see this). MOND is the most well-known competitor of the halo model for dark matter but has its own problems. TGD is less known alternative for the halo model. In the following brief comments about Zwicky paradox (see this) implying that neither cold nor warm dark matter particles in the usual sense (different from that in TGD based model) can play a significant role in cosmology.The standard/concordance model of dark matter relies on two hypothesis formulated originally by Zwicky assuming that a) GRT is correct in all scales and b) all matter is created during Big Bang. Zwicky formulated two hypothesis (for references see the article) leading to the halo model of dark matter and also to Zwicky paradox.From these observations one ends up with a computer model allowing to simulate the formation of galaxies (for a detailed discussion see this). The basic elements of the model are collisions of galaxies possibly leading to a fusion and formation of tidal galaxies. The model assumes a statistical distribution of dark matter lumps defining the halos of the dwarf galaxies formed in the process.The model predicts a lot of dark matter dominated dwarf galaxies formed around the dark matter lumps: velocity spectrum should approach constant. There are also tidal dwarf galaxies formed from collision debris of other galaxies. Unless also now condensation around a dark matter lump is involved, these should not contain dark matter and velocity spectrum for tidal dwarfs should be declining. It turns out that tidal dwarfs alone are able to explain the observed dwarf galaxies, which are typically elliptic. Furthermore, there is no empirical manner to distinguish between tidal dwarfs and other dwarfs.Do the elliptic galaxies contain dark matter? What does one know about the rotation curves of elliptic galaxies? There is an article “The rotation curves of elliptic galaxies” of J. Binney published around 1979 about the determination of the rotation curves of elliptic galaxies giving also some applications (see this). The velocity curves are declining as if no dark matter were present. Therefore dark matter would not be present in dwarf galaxies so that the prediction of the halo model would be wrong.Could this finding be also a problem for MOND? Assuming that the laws governing gravitation are modified for small accelerations, shouldn’t elliptic and spiral galaxies have similar velocity curves?What about TGD?For a summary of earlier postings see Latest progress in TGD.Articles and other material related to TGD.








From a Japanese Atlantis to a giant cannibal shark, this video takes a look at the top 5 unesolved ocean mysteries. Due to the fact that the oceans on this planet are some of the most unexplored places on Earth, they are shrouded in mystery. We know more about the surface of the moon than the bottom of the ocean.More at - http://www.paranormalelite.com/2017/04/top-5-ocean-mysteries.html








It has been an exciting time for exoplanet research of late! Back in February, the world was astounded when astronomers from the European Southern Observatory (ESO) announced the  discovery of seven planets in the TRAPPIST-1 system, all of which were comparable in size to Earth, and three of which were found to orbit within the star’s habitable zone.And now, a team of international astronomers has announced the discovery of an extra-solar body that is similar to another terrestrial planet in our own Solar System. It’s known as Kepler-1649b, a planet that appears to be similar in size and density to Earth and is located in a star system just 219 light-years away. But in terms of its atmosphere, this planet appears to be decidedly more “Venus-like” (i.e. insanely hot!)The team’s study, titled “Kepler-1649b: An Exo-Venus in the Solar Neighborhood“, was recently published in The Astronomical Journal. Led by Isabel Angelo – of the SETI Institute, NASA Ames Research Center, and UC Berkley – the team included researchers also from SETI and Ames, as well as the NASA Exoplanet Science Institute (NExScl), the Exoplanet Research Institute (iREx), the Center for Astrophysics Research, and other research institutions.Diagram comparing the Solar System to Kepler 69 and its system of exoplanets. Credit: NASA Ames/JPL-CaltechNeedless to say, this discovery is a significant one, and the implications of it go beyond exoplanet research. For some time, astronomers have wondered how – given their similar sizes, densities, and the fact that they both orbit within the Sun’s habitable zone – that Earth could develop conditions favorable to life while Venus would become so hostile. As such, having a “Venus-like” planet that is close enough to study presents some exciting opportunities.In the past, the Kepler mission has located several extra-solar planets that were similar in some ways to Venus. For instance, a few years ago, astronomers detected a Super-Earth – Kepler-69b, which appeared to measure 2.24 times the diameter of Earth – that was in a Venus-like orbit around its host the star. And then there was GJ 1132b, a Venus-like exoplanet candidate that is about 1.5 times the mass of Earth, and located just 39 light-years away.In addition, dozens of smaller planet candidates have been discovered that astronomers think could have atmospheres similar to that of Venus. But in the case of Kepler-1649b, the team behind the discovery were able to determine that the planet had a sub-Earth radius (similar in size to Venus) and receives a similar amount of light (aka. incident flux) from its star as Venus does from Earth.However, they also noted that the planet also differs from Venus in a few key ways – not the least of which are its orbital period and the type of star it orbits. As Dr. Angelo told Universe Today via email:“The planet is similar to Venus in terms of it’s size and the amount of light it receives from it’s host star. This means it could potentially have surface temperatures similar to Venus as well. It differs from Venus because it orbits a star that is much smaller, cooler, and redder than our sun. It completes its orbit in just 9 days, which places it close to its host star and subjects it to potential factors that Venus does not experience, including exposure to magnetic radiation and tidal locking. Also, since it orbits a cooler star, it receives more lower-energy radiation from its host star than Earth receives from the Sun.”Artist’s impression of Venus’ atmosphere. For decades, astronomers have sought to determine what evolutionary factors led to Venus becoming such a hostile world. Credit and ©: ESA/J. WhatmoreIn other words, while the planet appears to receive a comparable amount of light/heat from its host star, it is also subject to far more low-energy radiation. And as a potentially tidally-locked planet, the surface’s exposure to this radiation would be entirely disproportionate. And last, its proximity to its star means it would be subject to greater tidal forces than Venus – all of which has drastic implications for the planet’s geological activity and seasonal variations.Despite these differences, Kepler-1649b remains the most Venus-like planet discovered to date. Looking to the future, it is hoped that next-generations instruments – like the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS), the James Webb Telescope and the Gaia spacecraft – will allow for more detailed studies. From these, astronomers hope to more accurately determine the size and distance of the planet, as well as the temperature of its host star.This information will, in turn, help us learn a great deal more about what goes into making a planet “habitable”. As Angelo explained:“Understanding how hotter planets develop thick, Venus-like atmospheres that make then inhabitable will be important in constraining our definition of a ‘habitable zone’. This may become possible in the future when we develop instruments sensitive enough to determine chemical compositions of planet atmospheres (around cool stars) using a method called ‘transit spectroscopy’, which looks at the light from the host star that has passed through the planet’s atmosphere during transit.”The development of such instruments will be especially useful given joust how many exoplanets are being detected around neighboring red dwarf stars. Given that they account for roughly 85% of stars in the Milky Way, knowing whether or not they can have habitable planets will certainly be of interest!Further Reading: The Astronomical JournalThe post Venus 2.0 Discovered In Our Own Back Yard appeared first on Universe Today.








Sponsored Linksby Organic & Healthy What do you think the biggest issues the world faces today are? Most people would say matters of bias and privilege, right? Well what if you could go somewhere where those weren’t problems?The truth is, you can. This utopia has existed for 50 years, even; it’s called Auroville, and is located in Southern India.The brainchild of Mirra Alfansa, Auroville is a universally welcoming place, regardless of nationality, culture, religion, or language.Instead, it celebrates what we all are: Citizens of earth.Alfansa created a charter by which the city runs, and no nation can claim property of the place. Instead, it belongs to the world.There is no authority, legal or political, nor a person of power, that the inhabitants need to respect. There are no written laws either.Instead, there is only one supreme universal truth by which the city runs; citizens work toward harmony, love, and acceptance, and prioritize education and research.As a result, the functioning of the town is organized in a very modern and environmental friendly way. They have implemented systems of wastewater treatment, as well as systems of ground water depletion.Auroville uses eco-friendly methods for production of organic food, as well as technologically advanced methods for making the poor soil fertile. Over time, the town has become self-sufficient when it comes to food production and drinking water.Begining from the seventies, they have started a process of forestation, and today the city is settled within a belt of forests and fields, making it one of the cleanest places on earth.Even crazier, Aurovillians use no money – they have a whole economy functioning on principles of sharing, giving, and exchanging.There is a distribution center in the city where both citizens and strangers can get a meal, but mainly, people produce what they need and exchange items with neighbors, without any aspirations of earning from the barter economy.As a result of the cosmopolitan spirit embedded in the city, today it is inhabited with representatives from more than 50 nations.It is protected under the authority of UNESCO, which in a way secures its future existence. The town has no restrictions – everyone is welcomes to come and to find his own peace.We just might have to consider moving!RELATED POSTS  Let’s block ads! (Why?)Every Day is Earth Day








Required listening for our current time and circumstances. A most profound and relevant talk of the late Terence McKenna,A one of its kind remastered lecture, with improved sound quality, and breathtaking scenery. Be sure to take part, by liking, sharing, commenting, spreading the wisdom of Terence McKenna.“Dark as the hour may appear, in reality we exist in a dimension of greater opportunity, greater freedom, greater possibility than has ever been. The challenge then is to not drop the ball”For full talk, with questions and answers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMPam…
https://archive.org/details/Psychedel… Philosophers stone – selected views from the boat http://philosophers-stone.co.uk








The darkest secrets of The Vatican are now out! The most sensitive, conclusive evidence and revolutionary disclosures have been brought to light. The files The Pope does not want you to see are now complied for convenient and widespread access in this electronic book release making viral the information!The content contained in this book unveils EVERYTHING!►How to navigate the electronic book: At the bottom of the book you will see icons and arrows. These icons are buttons that help navigate the book including: sharing, download, reading left to right (turning the page) and many additional features of the electronic book.►Tip for viewing videos: by clicking the link listed below the video, you can directly view the information instantly (no loading time). Please be patient as The Book loads. Clicking the Left and Right arrows enables you to flip from one page to the next throughout the book.(Adobe Flash Player must already be installed on your web browser to view the electronic book. If case you have any issues viewing, here is the direct link to the book: https://tinyurl.com/zackubo)Please Note: be4thefire.com is now offline! (the website has been censored due to the bombshell information as such is contained in this electronic book). It is highly recommend to share, protect and download this information before it is permanently banned from public access. In case you missed it,  here is the extensive release of They Are Not Going to Be Able to Hide This: Vatican’s Secrets Busted Wide Open.►Notice the insignia above the year ‘1827’ on these archived documents? To learn more about this seal of The Holy See view the complete breakdown of the Papal Regalia.For more wild revelations and hidden truths brought to light, we welcome you to visit: KEYS TO THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN   Recent Headlines:








Sponsored Linksby stewart; stewartbitkoff.com Circumstances have overtaken man. His old languages are not sufficient to describe what is happening, and what is about to happen. To think in terms of a millennium or such tame concepts as ‘the eleventh hour’ is ridiculous. Better that he should realize that he is in an era which might be more accurately described as the ‘eighth day of the week.” Idries ShahFor the spiritual traveler, we are living in a complex and unique age; one of tremendous upheaval and great opportunity to solve problems. Turn on the television set and listen to the reports coming in from all across the world: religious wars, effects of global warming, famine, new strains of disease, drug wars, over weight children, advances in technology and people beginning to work together to solve problems of housing, job loss, and keeping their family together. This combination of factors has been called the ‘eighth day of the week’ and the beginning of a new era; clearly, until many of these problems are resolved, if that is possible, the amount of unsettledness, fear, anxiety and personal worry for many will continue to grow. 
For increasing numbers of people, the personal balancing factor to this stress and chaos, is spiritual development. It must be added to the mix and used with our other capacities to find solutions. Higher knowledge will not replace common sense, experience, hard work, or economic imperative. That is not its function. It is an added capacity which integrates and works alongside others.The present discussion will examine some basic thoughts about being spiritual; and how spiritual capacity can help the traveler deal with this period of chaos and change.What Does It Mean To Be Spiritual?What does the term spiritual mean? Spiritual is not an easy word to define, because there is an experiential aspect to it, with many levels and dimensions. Sort of like love, which is a sublime experience and occurs in many forms; poets and song writers proclaim its virtues and sorrows, yet, no matter how fine the words, they are only an approximation.Typical definitions include phrases such as: spiritual means of the spirit. This type of definition: defines itself using the same word, yet, surprisingly is reasonably accurate. Spiritual does mean of the spirit.For the spiritual traveler, the soul is comprised of a spiritual energy fabric; this spiritual energy fabric is the source of life and powers our body, 5 senses, emotions and consciousness. To the soul, there is a higher and lower aspect which corresponds to different parts of our functioning (physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual); to further complicate, in some discussions soul/spirit are used interchangeably.Characteristics of a Spiritual PersonAnother way to help define spiritual is to examine personality traits of spiritual people. These characteristics help us get a better understanding of what it means to be spiritual in daily life, however, there are problems here as well; while these traits are accurate, also, they can be said to exist in non-spiritual people:While the spiritual traveler acknowledges problems in definition and realizes they are seeking an illusive essence, there is another part of the consciousness that offers: ‘do not worry- you will know it, when you find it.’ Like love- spiritual defines itself and by adding this capacity to your life, you life will be fuller, more complete and you will be better able to face life’s ups and downs.Routine Change or the End?Through increased information that is available via television and the internet, the average person viewing the unrest in our world cannot help but wonder: what is going on? Conversely, scientists and philosophers tell us, chaos and order are simply opposite ends of a continuum. Both are natural to life and necessary to the physical order. And so the spiritual traveler wonders: is this era simply a routine period of unrest- soon to be followed by a period of relative calm?Consider the following themes and ideas, and how each contributes to our fear and growing anxiety level. Each of which can be found either in your religious/spiritual belief system or on your local television programs, nightly and weekly.Understanding Emotion: Love and FearBy nature, we are emotional and our reactions to life, through multiple feelings contribute to a richer, full experience. When something happens in daily life that is painful we all have a reaction to it. We are multi-level beings and our emotions bring us both great joy and sadness. That is the way we are hardwired and for good health, must honor our feelings.One model, suggests that all emotions arise from the 2 basic feelings of love and fear. According to Frank Sant’Agata, all emotions can be traced back to these primary feelings.“Love and fear are the only emotions we as human entities are able to express. All the others are just sub-categorical emotions. For example, on love’s side there is joy, peacefulness, happiness, forgiveness, and a host of others. On the other hand, fear reflects: hate, depression, guilt, inadequacy, discontentment, prejudice, anger, attack, and so on.Love and fear can not coexist. Where one is, the other can’t be also. The one will leave immediately, should the other enter its presence. If you find yourself in a situation where you are experiencing great joy, and are suddenly overtaken by fear, the joy is gone! But it works the other way too: If you are terrorized, frightened, or otherwise threatened in any way, all you need to do is turn to the love within and the fears disappears.”Next time you are watching TV Talk Shows and the Host is trying to convince you of something, evaluate their presentation using the following criteria: is this a manipulation of the fear and reward stick. Do as I say- good things will happen; if not, bad things will happen. Most often, the media, politicians, some forms of religion, and corporations continually use this manipulation. Unless you see the manipulation- it is very difficult to understand and disarm, particularly, when you are up against a formidable societal power structure.From a spiritual standpoint, we want to become masters of our emotions, so we can temporarily get beyond them. When we are emotionally charged, most often, the quiet, spiritual part of ourselves will not come forward. It will not operate under these conditions.Daily Practices to Counter FearOK, so now that you have me totally paranoid, and frightened about the end of the world, what am I supposed to do about all of this? Here are a few suggestions, from my personal tool box on life, to help you conquer your fear reaction, and more easily access that quiet part of yourself which is more peaceful and serene.ConclusionsAnd the more we practice controlling our consciousness and awareness, and seeing the fear/reward manipulation about us, the easier it will become to think more tranquil thoughts. Then, one day we will experience what lies beyond emotions; and the higher consciousness will emerge.Often for many events in life, we cannot control harmful outcomes; when something painful or chaotic occurs, we must feel and honor the pain. Yet, experience teaches with a little hard work, we can limit fear and worry about potentials; all of us must learn to separate out what is a possibility, and learn to use the tools in our personal tool box to move past potentials and reach happier, more tranquil states.In 1969, it was during a BBC interview that Mrs. Beryl Worth, when questioned about her positive personal adjustment, to a recent potentially fatal diagnosis of cancer, answered in the following way.‘I think it was St. Ignatius who was sweeping the corridor and his novices came and said to him, ‘If the world, if you knew the world were going to come to an end in 10 minutes, what would you do? And he said, ‘Go on sweeping the corridor.” And that is just what I’m going to do.”In every moment, life is ending and beginning; life is joy and pain, chaos and peace. With every moment, after we have experienced what we need to experience; we must learn and remember to go on doing our work, and ‘continue sweeping the corridor.’ReferencesIdries Shah, Knowing How To Know, The Octagon Press,London, 1998, p. 152.This quote appears online at Frank Sant’Agata, On Love and Fear, http://timelessmiracles.com/LightGuide/love.htm, and accessed3/22/09.Interview with Mrs. Beryl Worth shortly before her death. BBC transcript “I’ll go on sweeping the corridor’ June 1969. Appearing in and compiled by: Cecil, Rieu, and Wade, The King’s Son, The Octagon Press: The Institute for Cultural Research, 1981, p. 162.* * *Also by Dr. Bitkoff, which you can purchase via Amazon: Sufism for Western Seekers.For more information, or to contact the author, you may complete the secure contact form on this blog.RELATED POSTS  Let’s block ads! (Why?)Every Day is Earth Day








Source ThisBlewMyMind.com&amp;lt;a rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; href=&quot;/r2/?url=http://www.thisblewmymind.com/old-mans-advice-on-grief-is-priceless/#H7zEkUkhttruBIXX.01&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;Check out more contributions by&amp;amp;nbsp;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;a rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; href=&quot;/contributor/pages/106/013/stories.html&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot;&amp;gt;Jeffery Pritchett&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt;&amp;amp;nbsp;ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy &amp;lt;p style=&quot;text-align:center&quot;&amp;gt;~~~~~&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style=&quot;font-size:18px&quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;strong&amp;gt;Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it&rsquo;s high time you switched over to&amp;lt;/strong&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;a rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; href=&quot;https://seen.life/frontpage&quot;&amp;gt;Seen.life&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt;. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.&amp;lt;a rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; href=&quot;https://seen.life/frontpage&quot;&amp;gt;Firearm&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt; friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules. &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;amp;nbsp;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;amp;nbsp;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; &amp;lt;p&amp;gt;&amp;amp;nbsp;&amp;lt;/p&amp;gt;








Oh. My. Word.Just take a look at that brownie.I had started a Pinterest board for Easter and as the months passed I'd see something that I thought would be delicious on our Easter table and I'd I pin it and kind of forget about it except when I saw these brownies I didn't forget about them. As with most recipe that I haven't made before, I like to do a trial run with them to make sure the recipe is good. Nothing worse than trying a new recipe out on a group of people and finding out it's a flop.These are not flops! A chocolaty brownie topped with a creamy layer with a hint of Irish cream, then topped with Irish cream ganache. My word, it was amazing. I had to give most of it them away so we wouldn't keep them all and eat them!These will definitely be on our Easter table!Irish Cream BrowniesRecipe by Spend With PenniesPRINTABLE RECIPE1 Boxed Fudge Brownie Mix 9×13 size, plus box indicated ingredients or your favorite homemade browniesFor the Frosting¾ cup unsalted butter (12 tablespoons), softened⅓ cup Baileys Irish Cream3 cups powdered sugar For the Ganache¾ cup semi­sweet chocolate chips2 tablespoons heavy cream½ cup Baileys Irish CreamPrepare brownies according to package directions. Cool completely. I found a great organic brownie mix at the store, or you could use your favorite brownie recipe.For the Frosting:Beat butter on medium speed until fluffy. Add in Baileys and mix well. Add powdered sugar a little at a time until completely incorporated. Beat until soft and fluffy. Spread over brownies and refrigerate while making the ganache.For the ganache:Combine Baileys and heavy cream in a sauce pan over medium high heat. Put the chocolate chips in a large glass measuring cup (at least 2 cups). Bring the cream just to a boil and immediately poor over chocolate chips. Let sit 5 minutes without stirring. Don't touch it! Once the 5 minutes are up whisk until smooth and creamy and spread over frosted brownies. Chill until ganache sets.








We eat a lot of chicken in this house.   We quite like it, and its quite affordable. I really like the dark meat mmost of all, but I tend to cook breasts most of the time because they are healthier.  It can be rather tasteless sometimes and has a tendancy to dry out more than the rest, especially if overcooked.   A good chicken breast, however,  is rather like a canvas waiting to be painted upon . . .  I prefer my chicken breasts with parts of the bone still attached, which helps to keep them moist I think, but the other day I decided I was going to try brining them in a simple salt and water brine, only for a short time . . . just to see if it made a difference and . . . guess what?It worked beautifully . . . these chicken breasts were deliciously moist and tender.  I covered them with a tasty herbed crumb and baked them in a mix of chicken stock and butter until the juices ran clear . . .

Then I turned those pan juices into a delicious gravy which was absolutely wonderful spooned over mounds of mashed potatoes, and of course with that tender flavourful chicken.  It was quite a delicious meal actually.  I will do this again!  It's amazing what a little salt bath can do. Note – You won't need to season your chicken with any salt as it will have absorbed some of the salt from the bath.





*Country Baked Chicken*
Serves 4 
Printable Recipe  Serves 4








When the pot of pasta begins to boil and froth, place a wooden spoon across the top of the kettle to prevent the liquid from boiling over. I do not know why this works (or where I first heard this tip) but it does.It used to be that once the water boiled, I’d have to lift the kettle off the heat until the burner cooled, but the wooden-spoon trick makes it so I can leave the kettle alone, just turning the heat down when the water boils too fast. The water froths around the spoon, but it doesn’t spill over.Anybody else use this trick? Am I batty for thinking it works? Anyone have an explanation?This same time, years previous: the quotidian (4.4.16), red raspberry pie, sun days, working lunches, cup cheese, spinach cheese crepes. Jennifer Jo lives with her husband John and their four children on five acres in rural Virginia where she (kinda-sorta-maybe) homeschools the kids, gardens, bakes, and reads. You can find more of her musings and lots of recipes at her web-log mamasminutia.blogspot.com.








Roger Higgins explains how to make mini greenhouses for sowing seeds.

Roger Higgins explains how to make mini greenhouses for sowing seeds.Meet Roger Higgins from Roger’s Backyard Nursery in Cranesville, Pa.  Every one of those plastic jugs next to Roger contains seeds.  Some are perennial seeds, some might be Dogwood Seeds, maybe some Japanese maple seeds.Some of the jugs are milk jugs, the bigger jugs are kitty litter jugs.  If you look closely Roger has each jug numbered and he has a record in the house of what’s in each jug.  Pretty organized right?Roger Higgins and Duston McGroarty discuss growing seeds in the rain.In our recent trip to Roger’s nursery Duston and I shot several videos that day with Roger.  It was raining and at times pretty much pouring.  Duston was shooting the videos with an I-pad and we didn’t want the device to get soaked so Roger went in and got Duston this cute umbrella.  To protect the device of course!  Roger and I got soaked, I was taking stills with my phone and it got soaked.  But we had a good time as you’ll see in the videos as I post them.And we captured a lot of great information.Roger will tell you that he is a machinist by trade and knew little about growing plants until he found http://www.mikesbackyardnursery.com/.  But I have to tell you, Roger has been an awesome student and he has the coolest backyard nursery ever, and he sells a lot of plants out of his backyard in the rural community of Cranesville, Pa.  And he’s a nice guy!Be sure to watch the video as Roger and I discuss how he grows these seeds and he explains how he makes these little greenhouses out of plastic jugs.  Roger is an innovator and he found a way to improve upon a method that has been around for a long time.In the video you can see how wet we are!Thanks Roger for allowing us to invade your backyard and tell Venice that a little rain won’t hurt her.  She stayed in the house!  However, I’ll bet during plant selling season she gets plenty wet on rainy days while she tends to selling plants when Roger is at work.Great people both of them!  Love having them as Members.For those of you who love to see the donkeys, I’ve created a page just for you, “The Donkey Chronicles”.Questions, comments, mean things to say?  Post them below and I’ll respond.








Paws for reflection: Polar bear captured ‘praying’ next to cross (Photos) | 31 March 2017 | Polar bears aren’t known for being particularly religious but this one seems to have a spiritual side. Photographs taken in Canada show a bear seeming to pray next to a large cross.Wesleyville photographer Jessica Andrews, who describes herself as “a huge animal lover,” noticed a bear on an island in a cove behind her house on Wednesday.She rushed outside to capture the bear, and managed to take more than 200 photos as she watched it play in the snow for almost two hours.  “I was amazed when I saw it,” Andrews told RT. “It was my first time seeing one and it was such a beautiful animal!”The bear was “roughly 200 yards away,” Andrews said, but she wasn’t afraid as she watched it playing in the snow, swimming and even ‘praying’.Andrews captured the polar bear sitting next to a large cross, staring up at it with its front paws appearing to be clasped together, as if it was deep in prayer.“I didn’t notice it when I was taking them, but when I started to go through to edit them, oh my God, I was like, ’Holy crap, he’s praying,” she told the Toronto Sun.Another photograph shows the bear standing on its back legs with one front paw resting against the cross, facing the direction of the camera. “It was almost like he was staring right at me,” she said.All images are © Ocean View Photography / FacebookSOURCEWe are a multi-partisan activist group established to expose and resist US imperialism, corpora-terrorism, and the New World Order








You’re heard the expression “as difficult as herding cats”.That’s because unlike dogs, cats notoriously are resistant to being trained.For those who say it is well-nigh impossible to train a cat, here are two cats who have been trained to ring a bell to get a morsel of tasty treat.It’s actually the very clever cats who Pavlov-trained humans to give them a treat every time a bell rings!Continue reading →








I’ve learned that…
no matter what happens, life goes on and tomorrow is a new day.I’ve learned that…
making a “living” is not the same as making a “life”.I’ve learned that…
I do get second chances.  From God, from others.  And for that, I am extremely blessed.I’ve learned that…
even when I’ve had pains, I don’t have to be one.I’ve learned that…
people won’t always appreciate, respect, care for or trust me, but that shouldn’t change the way I treat them because if it does, then I’m stooping to their level.I’ve learned that…
the best company I can keep is just me and God.I’ve learned that…
letting go of someone who has constantly manipulated my heart and caused me hurt and grief, is one of the most freeing things I could ever do.I’ve learned that…
every day is an opportunity to give to others what you have received, and to love on them.  A hug, a cup of coffee, a smile, a compliment.  It doesn’t have to be anything extravagant.  After all, it’s the little things in life that matter the most.I’ve learned that…
people will forget what I said and what I did, but they will never forget how I made them feel.I’ve learned that…
sleep really is necessary and if I’m not getting the rest my body needs, my brain will start working in weird ways and stuff will get messy.I’ve learned that…
goals are essential, dreams are a must, and striving forward towards them is all about discipline and determination.I’ve learned that…
it doesn’t matter when I reach a goal, but that I did it to the best of my ability and with the best intentions.I’ve learned that…
money isn’t everything.  I need it to survive, but I don’t need it to live.I’ve learned that…
I’d rather be broke and tired with a night full of memories, than rich and well-rested yet lonely.I’ve learned that…
memories are made without even realizing they’re being made.  So live life well, minute by minute, cuz I never know what I’ll remember or not.I’ve learned that…
just because I love someone with everything I have in me doesn’t mean they will return that love.  But this doesn’t mean that I should be afraid of ever loving again.I’ve learned that…
people don’t have control over the way I react or how I allow them to affect me.  If there’s tension or drama, stay clear of it.  If I’m in the middle of it, don’t let it get to me.  Rise above it.  Be mature. Stay calm.I’ve learned that…
regardless of the relationship I have with my parents, I will always miss being away from them and they will always be there for me when I need them.  More importantly too, they will always love me.I’ve learned that…
God and family really are everything.  Other people may come and go but these two are forever, so I need to invest in those relationships because whenever I hit rock bottom, they will be all I have.I’ve learned that…
nothing will ruin my life more than thinking I should have my life together already.I’ve learned that…
I still have a lot to learn.—P.S. I meant to post this on my birthday, which was Saturday, April 1, but I was partying all weekend so heyyyy.








Mark Barousse took his youngest daughter fishing and look what she got!  He said that they had so much fun yesterday.  She is a cutie and a smile to boot!  Congratulations to this little angler in our great and wonderful and wild Mississippi outdoors!
  A mother, stepmother, grandmother and great grandmother who was taught deer hunting by my second husband, Bob, in my mid-forties. I’m still hunting today and loving it!








Some recent headlines belie common sense. Women wearing hijabs as a symbol of feminism in the U.S., when the hijab could be considered a symbol of oppression and domestic violence against women around the world and women protesting health rights when in reality they are demanding the right to kill their babies in the womb.We see protesters and rioters violently beating people, smashing cars, and burning buildings, saying they are protesting fascism; cities are fighting to give sanctuary to criminals because they are in America illegally; Democrats are saying they have never heard so many lies about a president, but they are the ones telling the lies…we could go on.These are signs that our Republic is under attack.Never before have I seen such vitriol directed at a president. We are witnessing history being made, and not in a good way. Since World War II nearly every U.S. president (I think Reagan was the exception) has supported a globalist worldview for America. From the Cold War to Vietnam to skirmishes along the way to the current threads of crisis in the Middle East, America has supported a worldview of spreading democracy as a way to achieve world peace.Opening  up trade with China, Japan, Korea, and promoting trade with Russia and others was supposed to keep the peace, while enriching not only business but also ways of life. For nearly the last 100 years, this globalist vision has been set in place.The globalist vision also has been established and institutionalized throughout the government. It is anchored in the State Department, the Defense Department, the Departments of Agriculture, Interior, Education, and even in the Department of Justice. This globalist vision appears to be a stronghold in the CIA, the FBI, Homeland Security, and other secret intelligence gathering agencies such as the National Security Agency.The Democratic Party and much of the Republican Party have embraced globalism to the point of advocating an unspoken form of communism. Donald Trump’s “America First” mantra has exposed just how deep the globalist socialist roots have become in our society and government.The mere threat of populism, of rejecting and tearing down the construct of socialist globalism that has become so imbedded in America’s governmental lexicon, that it has brought the fury of the puppeteers and their puppets against all things that disagree with the globalist agenda.Normal, common sense, God-fearing, hard working, family-oriented people who can see the folly of this system are labeled racists, bigots, misogynists, and a whole bunch of other phobias. In short, the Constitutional Republic is under threat. The American way of life is under attack. It is so close to being overthrown. We need to pray and act.Romans 13:12 says, “The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armor of light.”As it is written, “Now it is high time to awake out of sleep.”Have a blessed and powerful day!Bill Wilson
www.dailyjot.comhttp://www.raptureready.com/2017/04/04/republic-under-threat/More great articles here: http://www.raptureready.com








by Frida BerriganAnti-Trump protesters in Chicago hold signs calling on Trump to release his taxes if he wants the public to pay theirs. (Twitter / @JoshuaMellin)There have always been fights about taxes — stretching back to the crates of over-taxed tea tossed into the Boston Harbor and a thoughtful man’s night in jail for refusing to pay taxes in the slave-holding state of Massachusetts. This country’s long history of tax resistance stretches from the American Revolution to the religious non-cooperation of groups like the Mennonites and the Quakers to the movement to abolish slavery to resistance to every war fought in the 20th century. Following in the footsteps of this history and the example of Henry David Thoreau, there have always been a principled few who refuse to pay all or part of their federal taxes as an expression of their pacifism, or as a way of opposing specific policies. And there have always been demonstrations on April 15.In my experience, these tax day actions are motley affairs. Handfuls of activists gather at post offices and IRS outposts around the country, where they try to engage stressed-out tax procrastinators with dense tracks about the atrocities our tax dollars are funding in the warzone du jour. There are always copies of the War Resisters League’s eye-catching pie chart, which shows the huge portion of federal tax money allocated to the military. In New York City, we have deployed a cumbersome Penny Poll and handed out rolls of pennies to passersby, asking them to put the coins in different tubes to show how they really want their tax dollars spent.But now that a tax scofflaw has his feet up on the big desk in the Oval Office, tax resistance is taking a turn towards the mainstream. Luminaries like Gloria Steinem and Mia Farrow are calling for tax resistance in response to Trump’s threats to Planned Parenthood and his plans to build the border wall. One new initiative, TaxStrike100.com, encourages people to withhold $100 for 100 days as an act of nonviolent civil disobedience against the Trump administration and the GOP. Meanwhile, a robust coalition of major liberal organizations like MoveOn.org and the Working Families Party are calling for a Tax March in Washington, D.C. on April 15. The plan is to march from the Lincoln Memorial — past the White House, the Washington Monument, the Trump Hotel and the IRS headquarters — to the U.S. Capitol. There are even satellite marches and demonstrations scheduled in well over 60 cities around the country.Tax resistance, it seems, is having a moment. But amid the hashtags, tweets and boldface names, there is NWTRCC — the National War Tax Resistance Coordinating Committee. Despite having an unwieldy acronym and what the Guardian calls a “rudimentary” website, NWTRCC has been steadily and steadfastly supporting war tax resisters since 1982 — connecting them to one another, promoting the tactic as a form of conscientious objection, and educating people about how to do it as publicly or as quietly as they choose.Spectrum of resistanceTax resistance can be full-on noncooperation, a symbolic gesture or anything in between. There are people who live off the money grid as a way of resisting. There are those who make more than the taxable income and publicly declare their resistance each year by sending letters to the IRS, outlining exactly how much money they are withholding and the organizations and causes they are redirecting their resources to instead. There are even those who are intentionally poor, living at or below the taxable line, as a way of not cooperating with paying for war, and seeing their time as more valuable than their salaries.In our household, we feel good about paying taxes — just not the half that goes to war. We think of ourselves as low-risk tax resisters. But a friend recently pointed out that we are no-risk tax resisters, and it turns out she is right. In a household of five, where both adults work part time, it is not all that hard to be below the taxable level. We both work some and have time to share responsibility for the kids, the chores and contribute to our community. It usually works out that we pay state and city taxes, which largely go to things we support like roads, schools and affordable healthcare. And when we open the paper to read the bad news about war — the latest being those U.S. airstrikes responsible for killing as many as 200 civilians around Mosul last week — we at least know that the munition wasn’t bought with our labor or complicity. It isn’t much, but it feels like something — especially as we await President Trump’s proposed budget.War tax workshopsAs tax day approached this year, we saw an opportunity to gather our friends and share information about war tax resistance. If we were really thinking, we would have done it in November — that way people could have made concrete changes affecting their 2016 taxes. But we were too scattered to be strategic and, like most people, didn’t start thinking about taxes until March anyway. Most of the people we invited were parents of small kids — who giggled and played with Legos upstairs while we talked. Most of us also owned houses and had jobs. We asked them: Is war tax resistance a good thing to do in response to Trump? Is it a practical way of voicing opposition and creating alternatives? Or is it madness for homeowners and parents?More than a dozen friends spent a Sunday evening eating soup and bread and learning from a longtime war tax resister named Mary Regan, who shared her own story of not paying taxes since the early 1980s. She lives in Boston and is part of NWTRCC. Mary described her decision to be a tax resister as a kind of conscientious objection to the way resources are allocated for war making and war preparations. While earning a living in different scenarios — full-time, part time, self-employed, part of organizations large and small — over the last several decades, Mary has withheld half of her “tax bill” as an act of resistance.Rather than sending it to the IRS, she sends it directly to initiatives and causes close to her heart. One that stood out was the Prison Birth Project, which organized recently to pass a bill ending the practice of shackling women who give birth while incarcerated.Mary then asked us: “What do you want your taxes to fund?” Among the responses were education, renewable energy research, a functional infrastructure for our cities and rural areas, fair and affordable housing, a strong social safety net, national park protection, paid parental leave, universal kindergarten, sex education programs that teach about women’s pleasure and war reparations. In short, we did with our imaginations what Mary has been doing with her check book and tax resistance for decades.It was a fun exercise, and we got excited and inspired hearing what others wanted. At the same time, however, it was also a sobering reminder of how out of step federal spending is with our citizen priorities.Too much paying for warMore than half of discretionary spending (i.e. what the president and Congress decide on each year) goes to the military in one form or another. For 2015, that number was $598 billion. Non-discretionary spending is mostly taken up by Social Security and Medicare, components of the federal budget that are not decided on annually. Since the beginning of the war on terror, military spending has been split between spending on systems and personnel and spending on military action. During the George W. Bush years, that spending came to Congress as emergency supplemental requests every few months. For most of the Obama administration, the cost of military action in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere were Overseas Contingency Operations. Trump is also asking for separate spending for military operations in the sum of $65 billion for 2017. While his administration has denied a “loosening” of the rules of engagement in Iraq, Syria and other countries where the U.S. military is active, Chris Woods of Airwars told the New York Times that civilian casualties are on the rise: up from 465 in December to 1,058 in March so far.To fund a $54 billion increase in military spending, Trump is planning to put Meals on Wheels up on blocks and pull the handwoven, idiosyncratic rug out from under the National Endowment for the Arts. But that is not all — he also wants to bleed the Environmental Protection Agency by about a third, cut the State Department’s budget by 28 percent, and shear Health and Human Services by almost 18 percent. Then he wants to completely zero out the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the Legal Services Corporation and dozens of other initiatives.All these cuts add up to a gross, huge increase in military spending. His $54 billion increase represents a 10 percent bonus to a Pentagon that has been feasting royally for decades. Even before this increase, the United States spends as much as the next 13 nations combined, according to the International Institute for Strategic Studies. Meanwhile, the Department of Homeland Security will also see a boost, with an additional $2.8 billion for border officers and a down payment on Trump’s “beautiful wall,” which is estimated to cost upwards of $25 billion to be constructed.Dreaming the alternative and resisting the realityOne benefit of war tax resistance is that it allows for creativity and imagination around how else we want to see our resources being spent. It doesn’t have to be this way. This country has the money. It’s just that we are just spending it all wrong. For a graphic depiction of what the United States has lost as a result of overspending on the military for decades, check out the American Society of Civil Engineers’ dynamic website on the State of the American Infrastructure (spoiler alert: We got a D+). In area after area, the United States is billions of dollars behind in investing in critical infrastructure repairs, upgrades and replacements. Here’s just a short list of what’s needed: $7 billion in solid waste investment, $150 billion for clean water infrastructure, $836 billion for highway system upgrades and $38 billion for school facilities.The complete list goes on and on, and we see the crumbling of this great nation every time we get in our cars, get on our bikes or even go for a walk. It is a depressing document to click through, but it is also an inspiring virtual roadmap for rebuilding the United States — one that would put millions of people to work and improve every single person’s life.As long as we are in the realm of dreaming, let’s dream alongside Lindsay Koshgarian from the National Priorities Project. She crunched the numbers for how else we could spend $54 billion — the amount President Trump wants to add to the already huge military budget. For that same money, we could resettle 2.7 million refugees, create nearly one million infrastructure jobs, pay the salaries of half our nation’s elementary school teachers, send 1.6 million students to college for a free four-year degree, or insure 15 million adults through Medicaid.Tax resistance — in all its forms — does matter. As former U.S. Secretary of State Alexander Haig famously quipped during the Reagan administration, “Let them march all they want, as long as they continue to pay their taxes.” His derisive words — aimed at the millions of people opposed to the Vietnam War — still resonate. Can we march against government policies and pay for them at the same time? When we reorganize our lives to stop paying — or to pay less — the ripples of change matter too. They result in more time, more mutual aid and more community building. Tax resistance is an act that grows in power as more people join in. There is risk involved, but there is also strength in numbers. What’s more: Trump wants to cut the IRS budget along with everything else, so there will be fewer resources for tax enforcement in the coming years.So, as Tax Day rolls around again, we are excited to be sharing information about war tax resistance with our friends and neighbors. It is one more tool in the tool box, one more way to connect to one another and be creative, one more way to resist, one more way to be conscientiously opposed to Trump’s objectionable policies.People-powered news and analysis








How to Boost Your Brand’s Awareness & Online Visibility Learn the best ways to boost your brand’s awareness online to increase your website’s visibility, drive traffic and conversions.
The best way to improve your online visibility, drive traffic to your website and increase your conversion rate is to boost your brand’s awareness. This means embarking on a search engine marketing campaign that can take your company to the next level.We are therefore looking at the different options available to improve your online exposure. 1. Social Media
The likes of Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, LinkedIn and Instagram have the potential to boost your brand exponentially – and the best thing is that it is absolutely free to use. You can, therefore, utilize each platform to build your brand and reach a new audience successfully.Building up a social media presence will take time and hard work. To succeed on any of these platforms, you must develop effective marketing campaigns that are creative and engaging, which will allow you to stand apart from your rivals.You must also aim to post several times a day if you want to regularly engage with your audience and attract a large social media following, which could drive significant traffic to your website. It is also important to respond to as many comments as possible on your social media pages as soon as possible.Your response time is critical in online customer service.In a study published on Convince & Convert research found that;Among respondents to The Social Habit who have ever attempted to contact a brand, product, or company through social media for customer support, 32% expect a response within 30 minutes.Further, 42% expect a response within 60 minutes.  2. PR Campaigns
Editorial pieces offer the credibility and professionalism that can complement a brand, which can also encourage customers to trust in your company. Press coverage is essentially a free form of advertising. To utilize the benefits of the media, it is important to come up with a newsworthy angle, which will ensure you are promoted in the local and national news, online publications, print, radio and TV. If you are unsure where to start, don’t know who to contact or what angle to use, you always have the option to contact a company like Berbay that specialize in legal public relations. A professional PR company can, therefore, provide the visibility your company needs to improve brand awareness and drive sales.If you’re looking to bootstrap your PR campaigns to help boost your brand’s awareness online then you may want to check out these leading DIY press release distribution sites.  3. Content Marketing
Content marketing may be old news to you by now, but if you haven’t realize the power of high-quality copy to boost your brand’s awareness – it’s not too late.There is a multitude of benefits to content marketing, as it has the potential to improve your website’s organic search traffic, generate additional leads, promote products and establish the company as an industry leader. You must, therefore, work with a talented blogger who can help write engaging content in your brand’s tone of voice.Here are some interesting stats from Hubspot that indicate the true value of publishing content to boost your brand’s awareness online.  4. Video Marketing
Video marketing is already becoming one of the most successful marketing tools.Did you know that 65% of your audience are visual learners? One of the most powerful methods you can use for video marketing is to educate your audience.Facebook Live reportedly experiences 8 billion daily views, rivalling YouTube’s rate of 5 billion views per day. It, therefore, goes without saying that the online audience enjoys watching videos online, so it could become a valuable promotional tool for your brand – and you could also embed the video content into your website and blogs to improve engagement.To considerably boost your brand’s awareness, you must take the time to understand the customer to identify how they interact with brands both on and offline. By doing so, you can encourage trust and awareness of your business, which will help to drive sales and create a large following.  Dove has always been one of my favorite companies for examples of successful video marketing campaigns. Look at the way the Dove uses this “like a girl” video to empower their audience. I love how they take an infamous derogatory insult to grab your attention and then brilliantly redefine what it means to do anything “like a girl”.If you’re looking to boost your brand’s awareness online, these 4 methods are a sure fire way to do it. I think the key take away is to take the time to understand your customer in order to be successful in crafting the right content to share on these marketing channels.The post How to Boost Your Brand’s Awareness & Online Visibility appeared first on Graphic Web Design & Brand Marketing Company Medford OR. by Chris London of Pixel Productions Inc. The Everything Design Company








By Onan Coca and Jeff DunetzDespite the MSM’s blindness to the Trump Administration’s successes, business leaders and American citizens see the president’s strategies of easing regulations and cutting taxes as lighting a fire under an economy that has been stagnant since for the past eight plus years. And while he hasn’t gotten to the taxes part the fact that the President has already kept many of his campaign promises including eliminating unnecessary business killing regulation. The dropping of the regulations has already created an optimism that has begun to spur hiring. For the second straight month it is reflected in the jobs numbers.Over the President’s first 2+ months in office he has methodically gone about undoing many of President Obama Executive Orders and administrative actions. He has been unraveling regulations, cutting spending, and promoting a positive business environment even as he’s been pushing the GOP-led legislature to begin the hard work of cutting taxes, regulations, and spending at the legislative level. Most recently was the elimination of Obama’s Clean Power Plan which besides hurting the coal industry was seen as depressing any industry that uses electricity.All of that hard work and all of the good will that President Trump is building in the business community is paying off. For the second month in a row the American job market exploded with new jobs.Moody’s chief economist Mark Zandi cheered the news:“Job growth is off to a strong start in 2017. The gains are broad-based but most notable in the goods producing side of the economy including construction, manufacturing and mining.”From CNBC:The year’s fast start for job creation showed no signs of letting up in March as private payrolls saw another big boost, according to a report Wednesday.Companies added 263,000 jobs for the month, ADP and Moody’s Analytics said. That was well above the 185,000 expected from economists surveyed by Reuters and also better than the 245,000 reported for February…In addition to the big gain on the headline number, the month also continued a trend away from services-oriented positions dominating job creation. Goods-producing firms contributed 82,000 to the total, as construction led the way with 49,000 new jobs.The news about another spectacular month of jobs growth immediately had an impact on the stock market as well, driving stock prices up, up, up.U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday after solid private employment data underscored the strength of the economy, boosting financial stocks and helping calm investor jitters over President Donald Trump’s ability to deliver on his policy plans…The S&P 500 financial sector rose 0.84 percent, leading the seven gainers among the 11 major S&P sectors. The financial index’s gains were led by banks, which start reporting first-quarter results next week.At 9:57 a.m. ET the Dow Jones industrial average was up 147.68 points, or 0.71 percent, at 20,836.92, the S&P 500 was up 13.1 points, or 0.56 percent, at 2,373.26 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 25.80 points, or 0.44 percent, at 5,924.41.This coming Friday the labor department will release it’s jobs numbers.There is only one negative. The president promised there would be so much winning that we would get sick and tired of all the winning. But if I were to be perfectly honest, there’s not even a twinge…no feeling of being sick and tired of all of the Trump winning. I’m not accusing the president of lying, maybe it’s something in my DNA. What President Trump has gotten done in ten short weeks, most of it without a full cabinet, is astounding. He is certainly winning at a record pace ..but I am sad to say, I don’t think I’ll ever be sick and tired of all the winning. But as I am sure that this president will hit the American people with much more winning…we will see if the winning gets boring.Parts of this post was originally seen at Constitution.comThe post ADP Reports February Jobs Numbers WAY UP (Love The Trump Winning!) appeared first on The Lid.








A. Trevor ThrallThe Bashar Assad regime’s most recent chemical weapons attack in Idlib province killed dozens of people and injured many more. It was a cynical and desperate move by a regime that has lost all legitimacy in the eyes of the world. But the attack was also our first opportunity to see what the Trump administration would do in response to such a situation. The answer, as it turned out, was nothing. As strange as it may sound, that is the right answer in this case.President Donald Trump and his team are already getting plenty of heat from political leaders and pundits in Washington for their lack of follow up. Over time they can expect increasing pressure to act. Many Americans, like people all around the world, are shocked and horrified and they will expect the president to do something about it. Obama drew fire from both the left and right for his inaction in the wake of the massive 2013 sarin attack near Damascus that killed more than 1,000 people. The Trump administration is making a smart foreign policy decision not to intervene in Syria after the recent chemical attack.But Trump may find himself facing even greater expectations thanks to his vocal criticism of President Barack Obama’s handling of Syria throughout his presidential campaign. And on Tuesday the administration doubled down, with White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer laying the blame for the most recent attack on Obama, arguing “President Obama said in 2012 that he would establish a ‘red line’ against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing.”This is not to say that doing nothing is always the right course. Sometimes the United States can and should act, as it often does in response to earthquakes, tsunamis and other natural disasters. And it is certainly true that the United States has at times failed to act when it could have prevented grievous harms. President Bill Clinton, for example, referred to the failure to intervene in the Rwandan genocide as one of his greatest regrets. But many problems—like the civil war in Syria—are beyond America’s ability to solve. Obama didn’t eschew intervention out of a lack of empathy. He chose not to intervene because he had learned hard lessons from Afghanistan and Iraq. He knew that even by putting thousands of American soldiers at risk and at great financial cost, he simply could not promise that the United States would be able to stop the fighting and put Syria back together again. And so today, despite the Trump administration’s desire to find a solution for Syria that does not include getting rid of Assad, it has acknowledged publicly that it cannot see one. Both Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Nikki Haley, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, have made clear in recent statements that the United States will no longer make ousting Assad a central tenet of its Syria policy. As Sean Spicer told reporters at the White House, “There is not a fundamental option of regime change as there has been in the past.”As the Trump administration comes to appreciate these dynamics in the case of Syria it should apply the same logic to other problem areas, especially in places such as North Korea, Yemen and the South China Sea, where U.S. actions have often done more harm than good of late.At least since 9/11, the United States has suffered from a serious tendency to act before it is obvious that action is the right strategy. The interventions in Afghanistan and Iraq might have seemed urgently necessary in 2001 and 2003, but viewed in hindsight it is clear that knowing when not to act is critical to making sound foreign policy. The same logic and prudence must be applied today to hotspots around the world. Though unsatisfying to the public, doing nothing is far better than taking a precipitous action that risks entangling American and Russian forces in Syria, or worse, one that ends in a war with China over Taiwan or a nuclear exchange with North Korea. Unfortunately, explaining the decision to do nothing is never easy, especially in the face of tragedies like Syria or the rampant fears stoked by acts of terrorism at home and abroad. Nuance and logic provide cold comfort when people are dying. As a result, doing nothing is also politically quite challenging. Obama’s policy of not intervening in Syria may have looked like inaction to most people from the outside, but there is no question that it took an immense effort politically. The upshot is that the Trump administration’s current approach to Syria is exactly the right one. The administration should continue to denounce the attack on moral grounds and call on the Russians and Iranians to exert pressure on Assad to prevent future attacks. There is little hope that words alone will do much good, but avoiding further entanglement in a no-win situation is itself an important, if invisible, victory for U.S. foreign policy. Trevor Thrall is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute’s Institute’s Defense and Foreign Policy Department and associate professor at George Mason University’s Schar School of Policy and Government.








This should have rightly been titled, “Petty Trump Threatens Media President Pettily.”And please, no arguments about how tough guys always whine like 14-year old girls at slumber parties.They don’t.The Hill is reporting on an email delivered to CNN’s president, Jeff Zucker last year, after the story of then-candidate Trump’s comments about grabbing women in their privates was released.A CNN panelist pressed the issue of the tape to Trump during a debate, and he apparently didn’t take kindly to it.In the full email, reportedly delivered by Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks, Trump accused Zucker of disloyalty and alluded to further retribution:“Jeff — Too bad you (CNN) couldn’t be honest with how well I did in the debate. The dumbest thing I ever did was get you the job at CNN — you are the most disloyal person. Just remember, I always seem to find a way to get even. Best wishes, Donald J. Trump.”The word is Trump spoke up for Zucker in 2012, recommending him for the position.And, whether his word held any weight and helped get Zucker the job or not (CNN disputes that it did), the fact remains that Trump is a thin-skinned, petty, little man, and he apparently will take this attitude with any media source that attempts to do their jobs.At what point do we admit this is a president who would prefer propaganda over truth?The post Trump Threatens To “Get Even” Against CNN President appeared first on RedState.

















Flowers and candles outside the French Embassy in Moscow in memory of the victims of the terrorist act in Nice. (RIA Novosti)
Flowers and candles outside the French Embassy in Moscow in memory of the victims of the terrorist act in Nice. (RIA Novosti)








Previously, we have seen how the colonial government of Carolina enacted legislation to discourage miscegenation among the lower classes of White servants and Indian and Black slaves. And we’ve seen how the government sought to prevent free Blacks from living in the colony and weakening the evolving racial caste system. These acts were largely successful and the number of free Blacks was kept to no more than 1% of the total African population and the mulattoes tended to be absorbed back into the larger Black population rather than becoming an independent social caste. This served to protect the White minority of the colony and preserve their racial purity.Racial consciousness among Whites continued to grow slowly throughout the early 1700s as Carolinians increasingly turned to rice cultivation and imported more slaves directly from Africa (whereas previously most had come from Barbados). Dr. Peter Wood in his book Black Majority: Negroes in Colonial South Carolina from 1670 through the Stono Rebellion (1974) states that “in the face of a distinct majority of blacks, the apprehensions felt by white colonists gradually deepened. Concern stemmed first from a simple awareness of numbers, but it spread out to encompass a variety of ambiguities concerning the identity of the colony and the tenuous position of the Europeans who were ostensibly its masters.” Wood points out that, much like today, “Not even straightforward population awareness came easily.” This reminds one of the mentality of most Whites today in Europe and North America – they somehow seem able to diminish in their minds the danger posed by alien populations in their midst. But Wood notes that gradually awareness grew as the plantation system took root. And as it did, “The diminishing white fraction of the populace, which controlled the colony’s government and economy ever more securely with time, bound the Africans increasingly tightly to their servile status.”Another aspect of the developing consciousness among Carolinians was a new appreciation for White men as the defenders of the colony. Previously, some Black slaves had been part of the militia. But Wood writes that increasingly there, arose from the tendency to measure white male adults against the entire black population.” He states:This statistic took on increasing importance for European colonists as they felt themselves physically threatened by the number of Africans, and numerous population estimates after 1720, contrasting men on the muster rolls with all adults and children in the slave quarters, reflect the emerging concept of white manhood opposing a preponderant race. This explains why Von Reck stated in 1734 that “There are five Negroes to one White.” It also helps make understandable (although not correct) the assertion of a European in 1737 that “In Charleston and that neighborhood there are calculated to be always 20 blacks … to one white man,” as well as the claim of another visitor five years later that “the heathen slaves are so numerous here that it is estimated that there are fifteen for every white man.”Even after framing the disproportion in its starkest form, white colonists faced the added realization that the slave population was being augmented annually while their own numbers scarcely rose. Indeed, an Anglican minister noted in 1725, “we have some reason to believe that we rather decrease than increase in the small number of Christian white inhabitants.” He went on to explain candidly, “As matters stand with us we make use of a wile for our present security to make the Indians and negros [sic] a check upon each other lest by their vastly superior numbers we should be crushed by one or the other.” Slaves, who had generally been taken as an asset in the thinly settled proprietary colony, were now viewed in part by whites as a liability.Indeed, in 1720, it was declared that the colony was in “great disorder” and that the “whole Province was lately in danger of being massacred by their Own Slaves, who are too numerous in proportion to ye White Men there.” We have yet to explore this, but the colony provided incentives during this time to bring in more colonists (including Germans to help settle places such as Orangeburg, SC) and offset the growing Black population.Taken as a whole, the early 1700s represented a time in which the colony was coming into its own as the plantation society its Barbadian founders had intended for it to be. As this occurred, the demographics of the colony shifted as more Africans were required to work the rice plantations along the rivers of the Lowcountry. This resulted in a growing sense of racial consciousness among the Whites of the colony as they sought to outlaw miscegenation and banish free Blacks. During this time White men were appreciated as never before since the colony depended upon their strength of arms for its survival.It is easy to see how these trends contributed to the sense of racial consciousness commonly found among Southerners. Some of this consciousness has survived even into the current age. In future posts we will continue to look at how racial consciousness developed in Carolina and how these trends contributed to development of the Southern world-view.Click here for part IClick here for part II








Many technicians and strategists Financial Sense has spoken with recently have indicated we’re now in the final phase of the bull market. What does this mean for our investments, and what should we watch going forward? This time on… Read more at Source Link Below








For Cars, Movies and Cool… it’s Fireball Tim!Get my new BIG BOOK of WACKY STATES on Amazon! Teaching KIDS & GRANDKIDS all about the USA!Delaware is a state located in the Mid-Atlantic and/or Northeastern regions of the United States.[a] It is bordered to the south and west by Maryland, to the northeast by New Jersey, and to the north by Pennsylvania. The state takes its name from Thomas West, 3rd Baron De La Warr, an English nobleman and Virginia‘s first colonial governor.[10]Delaware occupies the northeastern portion of the Delmarva Peninsula and is the second smallest, the sixth least populous, but the sixth most densely populated of the 50 United States. Delaware is divided into three counties, the lowest number of counties of any state. From north to south, the three counties are New Castle, Kent, and Sussex. While the southern two counties have historically been predominantly agricultural, New Castle County has been more industrialized.Before its coastline was explored by Europeans in the 16th century, Delaware was inhabited by several groups of Native Americans, including the Lenape in the north and Nanticoke in the south. It was initially colonized by Dutch traders at Zwaanendael, near the present town of Lewes, in 1631.[11] Delaware was one of the 13 colonies participating in the American Revolution. On December 7, 1787, Delaware became the first state to ratify the Constitution of the United States, and has since promoted itself as “The First State”.[The post Today’s WACKY STATE is DELAWARE! appeared first on Fireball Malibu Vlog. Join Fireball for the Daily Cool!








FIRE President and CEO Greg Lukianoff told the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice yesterday about the most alarming First Amendment violations we see in our work defending campus liberties and provided guidance on how Congress can help rectify them.In case you missed it, you can watch Greg’s testimony during the hearing, “First Amendment Protections on Public College and University Campuses,” here:His full written statement is also published — complete with visual aids — over at The Huffington Post. Greg’s testimony focused on the threats posed by pervasive speech codes like “free speech zone” policies, federal government overreach in Title IX enforcement, and more. He urged the committee to demand accountability from public colleges and universities in their respective states and to pass legislation like the Campus Free Expression (CAFE) Act, the New Voices Act, and the Campus Anti-Harassment Act — all of which would further codify campus speech protections.FIRE’s president and CEO was one of four notable witnesses invited to weigh in before the subcommittee. Also testifying at the hearing were Vanderbilt law professor and Newseum Institute First Amendment Center Ombudsman David Hudson, First Liberty Institute Senior Counsel & Director of Strategic Affairs Ken Klukowski, and Ethics and Public Policy Center Senior Fellow Stanley Kurtz.The full hearing, which runs just under two hours, can be viewed here:And if you’re interested in helping FIRE promote student rights through legislative action, please let us know at fire@thefire.org.The post FIRE asks House Judiciary Committee to strengthen protections for campus free speech appeared first on FIRE.








. With baseball season underway and NBA and NHL playoffs approaching, it’s a wonderful time of the year to be a sports fan. The weather is getting nicer and you will want to be out and about after being confined to your homes (depending on your climate) for the past few months. With all that great sports action and the need to be away from your television, something has to give. Or does it? . CBS Sports has a solution for you so you will be able to hit the golf course, soak up the sun at the beach or whatever you desire while staying staying up to date on the latest sports news and scores. Simply download their Sports App to stay on top of your favorite teams and/or sports. . The Nba app is perfect if you are looking to see if the Golden State Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers are on another crash course to meet in the NBA Finals. You can follow along to monitor Russell Westbrook’s historic season. No matter what your interest is, the CBS Sports app is perfect for your needs. . There is something special about the start of the baseball season. The Chicago Cubs lifted their curse last year. Will they repeat? Will the Cleveland Indians take it to end their drought? With so many day games played throughout the course of the season, the CBS Sports app is perfect to stay on top of the busy schedule while you are at work or on the go. . CBS Sports App features: ★ Every major sport: MLB Baseball, NBA Basketball, NHL Hockey, MLS Soccer, Golf, Tennis, NASCAR, NCAA and more! ★ Fastest news, scores and stats – you’ll see the difference when you know the latest big plays and the final scores before your friends with the CBS Sports App ★ Your team’s news in a custom feed packed with real-time info from dedicated insiders ★ Watch sports directly on your device ★ Hand-picked, personalized news alerts for every must-know story ★ Watch sports & games LIVE! Watch sports events and analysis all year long – SEC football, NCAA basketball, PGA TOUR, CBS Sports Network and original Fantasy Sports & News shows ★ Listen to live streaming radio, including Jim Rome, Doug Gottlieb, Tiki and Tierney & more ★ Play games for cash prizes throughout the year with King of the Streak, Pick 4 Fantasy Golf and Bracket Challenge. Plus, compete in your own football and March MadnessⓇ groups with Office Pool Manager and Bracket Manager. . Plus, everything else you need to be in the know: ★ Scores, news, standings, stats, tweets and more for every major sport from high school to the pros: Football (NFL, NCAA), Basketball (NBA, NCAA), Baseball (MLB, NCAA), Hockey (NHL), Soccer (All Major Leagues), Golf, Tennis, Auto Racing (NASCAR, Formula 1) & more ★ Exclusive access to CBS Sports coverage of the NFL Draft, March Madness, the Masters, the NBA Draft & more ★ Live original studio shows like Fantasy Football Today, SEC Today, Pro Football and College Football Rundown. . Download the app on iTunes or Google Play today. Fantasy football, baseball, and basketball analysis








Earlier today we shared several stories involving Lhotse, the next-door neighbor of Everest. In this video, you’ll go up the mountain to get a look at the surrounding region from must below the summit, including the view back down the approach to the top, and images of Everest itself. As you look across to the tallest mountain on the planet, you’ll also see the ridge that connects the two… [[ This is a content summary only. Visit my website for full links, other content, and more! ]]
    
 The Adventure Blog News, commentary, and insights on adventures, and adventurers, from around the globe. Now, proudly associated with JPFreek Adventure Magazine








Just sayin








New incentives have reignited foreign investment into the exciting Vaca Muerta shale play in Argentina and Canadian junior Madalena Energy Inc  (CVE:MVN) is likely to be a big beneficiary. President Mauricio Macri has done much to improve the business climate, including in January this year, natural gas pricing incentives for production from new wells. A new deal with unions has also reduced labour costs.  Big players pumping in cash….
 It all means big players like Argentine energy group  YPF, Total, Shell (LON:RDSB), Chevron,  Dow and Pan American Energy, (PAE), plan to invest a combined US$5 billion this year alone in the Vaca Muerta shale play (VM), increasing to around US$15 billion per year starting in 2018. As an example, on March 30 this year,  YPF, Total, PAE and Wintershall announced a US$500 million investment to develop the Aguada Pichana block. Total will operate the east block and will invest US$300 million, while PAE will operate the west block and invest US$200 million. This is nearby to Madalena’s blocks in the Vaca Muerta. To give a  cost cutting example, energy group YPF has slashed its average horizontal well cost at its Loma Campana block by around half to US$8.2 million in Q4/16 from US$16.6 million in 2014, notes analyst Bill Newman at Mackie Research. He reckons this all bodes well for Madalena, which is trading far below  its closest VM shale peer – Andes Energia Andes has a similar production and land base to Madalena yet is much more leveraged with a market capitalization of around $345 million versus Madalena’s $85 million, he notes.  Madalena partner re-enters the VM play..
 Last month, Madalena’s partner PAE re-entered the Vaca Muerta and kicked of drilling at the Coiron Amargo Sur Este shale block, in which Madalena holds a 35% working interest. This is due to be a 1,500 metre horizontal well at a depth of around 3,200 metres, which will then be stimulated with up to 19 stages of hydraulic fracs.  As part of the farm out deal inked this year,  PAE will fund 100% of the cost of the two well program up to the first US$16 million which is a net benefit to MVN’s of US$5.6mln. Madalena received total cash of US$10 million from PAE and Madalena transferred a 55% interest and operatorship in CASE to PAE. MVN retained a 35% interest in the CASE block as well as its 35% interest in the Coirón Amargo Norte block- the other region of the Coirón Amargo block. Madalena shares are currently changing hands at $0.15. Story by ProactiveInvestors








“Debt Based System Running Out of Steam”
By Greg Hunter’s USAWatchdog.com

“Former Assistant Treasury Secretary in the Reagan Administration, Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, sees trouble for the economy. Dr. Roberts explains, “This image of a strong stock market is based essentially on debt, borrowing and debt, money creation and debt. It’s a false signal that shows prosperity, and it’s not really there. So, during a period of time when there has been no interest income on peoples’ savings in the form of bonds or CDs, there has also been no growth in Social Security income. So, the elderly, or the largest block of them, are hard pressed. The young come out of school with student debt and no good jobs. A large percentage can’t find sufficient employment to support an independent existence. They can’t possibly pay off the loans. So, wherever you look, you see a debt based system that’s running out of steam.”

Dr. Roberts, who holds a PhD in economics, says this is why retail is getting killed. Dr. Roberts contends, “A lot of people blame this on internet shopping and that people don’t want to be bothered to go to a mall. The mall experience is old and outdated, and they would rather sit in front of a computer and order online. This is the explanation people give who don’t want to see a problem. An alternative explanation is that people have run out of any discretionary income with which to purchase things. When you consider mortgage payments, car payments, credit card payments and food, there’s no money left to drive consumer discretionary spending.”

Dr. Roberts says the Federal Reserve basically prints money and intervenes in all markets to prop them up or, as in the case of gold and silver, hold prices down. Dr. Roberts says, “It looks like the whole system is rigged.  People don’t understand this, and you can’t find any discussion about this in the financial press or in the economic profession. Since the Fed has unlimited amounts of money, it can create endless amounts of money by pushing a computer button. They don’t have to worry about losses. So, they can support or rig all markets.”

Dr. Roberts, formerly a top editor at the Wall Street Journal, says nuclear war is the most dire problem Americans face. This comes at a time when trust between Russia and America is at all-time lows. Dr. Roberts says, “The danger is both warning systems, ours and the Soviets (Russians). During the period of the cold war, there were many false alarms of incoming missiles. Both sides would see incoming missiles, and yet no one believed it, and the reason they didn’t believe it was that the governments were working together to defuse tensions. You had Kennedy with Khrushchev. You had Nixon who gave us SALT-1, an anti-ballistic missile treaty. You had Carter who gave us SALT-2. You had Reagan and Gorbachev who ended the cold war. So, all during these periods when false information of incoming missiles came in, no one believed it, but if you have distrust between the two powers as we now have, and Putin has said on a number of occasions we can no longer trust the Americans, if you can’t trust and you get incoming missile alerts, you are much more inclined to believe it.  So, the prospect of nuclear war is more likely.  Washington and the media are creating distrust among their populations with Russia with this constant anti-Russian propaganda.  With all this bogus and false allegations about Russia the chances of all this going poof are very high.” (There is much more in the video interview.)

“Join Greg Hunter as he goes One-on-one with Dr. Paul Craig Roberts.”
- http://usawatchdog.com/
p.p1 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 13.0px Geneva} p.p2 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 13.0px Geneva; min-height: 17.0px}








Rick Nash, Mats Zuccarello, and Jesper Fast are confirmed to be out of the lineup tonight. All three missed practice yesterday for maintenance days. By skipping today, they are guaranteed five off days before the final two games of the season next weekend. The lines for tonight’s game are going to be a little bit […]The post Zuccarello, Nash, Fast confirmed out tonight appeared first on Blue Seat Blogs.








Authored by Mike Shedlock via MishTalk.com,The debate over productivity rages on. Some believe productivity is understated. Others believe it is overstated.Janet Yellen believes a lack of strong productivity gains may be responsible for tepid wage gains.Financial Times writer Edward Luce is confused, as are many others. Luce discusses The Mystery of Weak US Productivity.Osborne on ProductivityIn 2105, then UK chancellor George Osborne made boosting UK Productivity a Priority.“Let me be clear: improving the productivity of our country is the route to raising standards of living for everyone in this country,” he said. “Our future prosperity depends on it.”Greenspan on ProductivityIn an Interview with Gold Investor Alan Greenspan blamed the aging of baby boomers.We have been through a protracted period of stagnant productivity growth, particularly in the developed world, driven largely by the aging of the ‘baby boom’ generation. Social benefits (entitlements in the US) are crowding out gross domestic savings, the primary source for funding investment, dollar for dollar. The decline in gross domestic savings as a share of GDP has suppressed gross non-residential capital investment.Output per hour has been growing at approximately 1⁄2% annually in the US and other developed countries over the past five years, compared with an earlier growth rate closer to 2%. That is a huge difference, which is reflected proportionately in the gross domestic product and in people’s standard of living.As productivity growth slows down, the whole economic system slows down. That has provoked despair and a consequent rise in economic populism from Brexit to Trump. Populism is not a philosophy or a concept, like socialism or capitalism, for example. Rather it is a cry of pain, where people are saying: Do something. Help!Yellen on ProductivityOn May 22, 2015, Janet Yellen pointed a finger at the recession while also blaming low productivity for lack of wage growth in her Outlook for the Economy.I have mentioned the tepid pace of wage gains in recent years, and while I do take this as evidence of slack in the labor market, it also may be a reflection of relatively weak productivity growth.Economists debate how optimistic to be about our nation’s productivity prospects. Some argue that the decade starting in the mid-1990s was exceptional, with unusually large advances in information technologies, and that the more recent period provides a better guide to the future. Others are more optimistic, suggesting that recent technological innovation remains as impressive as ever, and that history shows it may take some years to fully reap the economic benefits of such innovations.7 I do not know who is right, but I do believe that, as a nation, we should be pursuing policies to support longer-run growth in productivity.It also is possible that a portion of the relatively weak productivity growth we have seen recently may be the result of the recession itself.G7 Productivity 1975-2015Chart from the Resolution Foundation.Myth #1 ShatteredYellen blamed the recession and lack of productivity for poor earnings growth. Greenspan blamed the aging of baby boomers.Given real earnings have been nearly flat since 1979 while real output is up 94.9%, those theories are obviously faulty.Doesn’t the Fed bother to test their theories against actual data? You have the answer.The Fed is puzzled over rising income inequality. It ought to look in the mirror. Its bubble-blowing tactics and insistence on 2% inflation in a technological price-deflationary world are to blame.Myth #2 Shattered Economists and writers are puzzled by the decline in productivity. I can explain in a series of charts.The decline in overall productivity is tied to a slowdown in manufacturing productivity. This too should not be hard to figure out.Despite all the talk of burger robots, trucking robots, Amazon robots etc, productivity enhancements in the service sector are very slowWhy the Slowdown in Manufacturing?In the first quarter of 1979, there were 17.465 million manufacturing employees. The index of real output was 69.789.In the fourth quarter of 2016, there were 12.235 million manufacturing employees, a decline of 5.23 million jobs. Meanwhile, the index of real output jumped to 86% 129.665.The law of diminishing returns is in play. Robots are not going to eliminate every job.Profit WarningManufacturing shipments are down vs the index of aggregate wages. This is a strong profit warning.Productivity Overstated or Understated?Many believe productivity is understated. They cite cell phones and other technological advances.That’s actually a reason to believe productivity is declining. People are tied to their phones for work. How many hours do people spend on the phone while on vacation, on weekends, or on their days off answering corporate emails?There are no numbers on the above, nor are there any numbers on the hours that supervisors at McDonald’s, Target, Macys etc, put in. Given performance pressures on big box retailers, pressures to work more than 40 hours while getting paid for 40 hours must be intense.Myth-Shattering ConclusionsThose who are baffled by productivity never bothered to put their theories to rudimentary tests.Nonetheless, Greenspan is correct on some things, especially social benefits crowding out genuine investment. Thus, those proposing some sort of guaranteed minimum living wage are totally off base.Entitlements are already a massive problem, let’s not make them worse.  Massive handouts have never solved any economic problems, and never will.Missing DataUnfortunately, there is no data prior to 1979 for my Myth #1 chart.It is quite possible, if not highly likely, the productivity mess that appears to have started in 1979 has its actual roots in 1971 when Nixon closed the gold window.Regardless, the above charts show the secular stagnation theory of Larry Summers and Brad DeLong is highly suspect.Secular Stagnation ThesisBrad DeLong discusses Larry Summers’ “secular stagnation thesis” in Three, Four… Many Secular Stagnations!DeLong list 17 reasons and his number one reason is “High income inequality, which boosts savings too much because the rich can’t think of other things they’d rather do with their money.”Pin the Tail on the DonkeyAt no point does either DeLong or Summers pin the tail on this donkey. Neither can, because income inequality is a symptom of the problem.That problem started the moment Nixon closed the gold window. The event is now described as “Nixon Shock”.Indeed it was. Unencumbered by a need to redeem gold, credit exploded.Credit Market Before and After Gold Window ClosedGold Window SynopsisAttacking SymptomsInstead of attacking the symptoms of the problem, as Summers and DeLong do, let’s be honest about the real problem. Let’s also be honest about the alleged scourge of deflation.My Challenge to Keynesians “Prove Rising Prices Provide an Overall Economic Benefit” has gone unanswered.There is no answer because history and logic both show that concerns over consumer price deflation are seriously misplaced.The BIS did a study and found routine deflation was not any problem at all.“Deflation may actually boost output. Lower prices increase real incomes and wealth. And they may also make export goods more competitive,” stated the BIS study.For a discussion of the BIS study, please see Historical Perspective on CPI Deflations: How Damaging are They?The final irony in this ridiculous mix is central bank policies stimulate massive wealth inequality fueled by soaring stock prices.Grasping Reality With Both HandsDelong’s blog is entitled “Grasping Reality With Both Hands“. It would behoove, Delong, Summers, and Ben Bernanke to do just that.A good starting point is “why” income inequality is rising as opposed to investigating ridiculous wealth-transfer schemes and government stimulus projects in a fool’s mission to fix a problem that Summers, DeLong, Bernanke, Krugman, and Yellen all fail to understand.Finally, it would be a good idea to consider what happens when service sector productivity picks up (and it will, led by driverless trucks).Here’s a hint for Yellen: Millions of workers will be displaced and demand for jobs will pick up. Wages pressures will be to the downside, the opposite of what Yellen believes.








In what may be the most dramatic shake-up at the White House since Mike Flynn resigned in February, moments ago Bloomberg reported that President Trump has reorganized his National Security Council on Wednesday, removing his chief strategist, Stephen Bannon and stripping him of his security clearance as well as downgrading the role of his Homeland Security Adviser, Tom Bossert, while elevating national intelligence director, Dan Coats, and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford, who will again be “regular attendees” of the NSC’s principals committee. The WSJ adds that “the decision to boot Bannon was made by Trump’s new national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster.”Bannon said in a statement: “Susan Rice operationalized the NSC during the last administration. I was put on to ensure that it was de-operationalized. General McMaster has returned the NSC to its proper function.”Additionally, the Joint Chiefs chairman and intelligence director are having their roles on the principals committee restored, the report said.Bloomberg adds that Susan Rice’s successor, National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, was given responsibility for setting the agenda for meetings of the NSC or the Homeland Security Council, and was authorized to delegate that authority to Bossert, at his discretion, according to the filing. A White House official said that Bannon was placed on the committee in part to monitor Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael Flynn, and never attended a meeting. He’s no longer needed with McMaster in charge of the council, the official said.The memorandum also makes the director of the Central Intelligence Agency a permanent member of the principals committee and restores the chairman of the U.S. military’s Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Director of National Intelligence as permanent members after they were initially downgraded from that status.As a reminder, back in January, in the first of many unexpected shakeups, Bannon was elevated to a position on the NSC principals committee. The move drew criticism from some members of Congress and Washington’s foreign policy establishment.It was not immediately clear if the shake up is indicative of a major split between Trump and his right hand man and chief ideological advisor, or if Bannon was simply seen as irrelevant in his current post. The filing showing Bannon’s demotion is below:








Submitted by OilPriceMexico’s oil and gas regulator said last week that the country’s proved hydrocarbon reserves will drop by 10.6 percent in 2017. This forecast, coupled with the lower oil production that state company Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) reported for yet another year in 2016, is painting a rather bleak picture of Mexico’s reserves.Without resumption in investments and more drilling, and if no significant finds occur, Mexico will be running out of reserves within 9 years, according to an official from the National Hydrocarbons Commission.However, the energy reform that ended Pemex’s monopoly and allowed foreign companies to invest in Mexico’s oil exploration and production is expected to start yielding results by the end of this decade. The deepwater bidding round last December attracted major international oil companies, and Mexico awarded blocks to consortia including Chevron, Exxon, Statoil, BP, Total, and China Offshore Oil Corporation.In addition, the analysts are now largely calling the end of the downturn and expect deepwater investment to pick up in coming years.Mexico’s National Hydrocarbons Commission said last week that as of January 1, 2017, the country’s proved oil and gas reserves are estimated at 9.16 billion barrels of oil equivalent, down by 10.6 percent from the 10.243 billion boe as of the beginning of 2016. Proved oil reserves were down 7.9 percent to 7.037 billion barrels from 7.641 billion barrels estimated as of 2016.In its 2016 results release, Pemex reported crude oil production of 2.154 million bpd last year, down by 5 percent over 2015, mostly due to natural declines of a number of producing fields.According to the EIA, Mexico’s crude oil production has been steadily dropping since 2005 as a result of natural production declines from Cantarell and other large offshore fields.Surely, the oil price slump has not helped Mexico’s output either, and has complicated the energy reform that the country started implementing in 2013.But now, steadier prices and new projects involving international oil companies are expected to start offsetting declines after 2020, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA).Projected crude oil production bottoms out at under 2 million bpd towards 2020 and then rises as the reform efforts bear fruit, new projects – notably deepwater developments – start operation and higher oil prices improve profitability, the IEA said in its Mexico Energy Outlook last year.Mexico is already seeing its first international offshore drilling success, after Italy’s oil major Eni said last month that the first well drilled by an international oil major in Mexico since the 2013 reform “indicates a meaningful upside to the original estimates”.A Rystad Energy analysis from last month compares the potential of the Brazilian and Mexican E&P markets to attract foreign investment. According to Kjetil Solbraekke, Head of Rio Office at Rystad Energy, currently planned exploration activity in Mexico and Brazil point to increased capex in both countries, and “numbers indicate that Mexico can reach the same level of investments as Brazil in 15 years.”In addition, Rystad Energy says that “there are reasons to believe that the exploration play types are fairly similar in Mexico as they are in the U.S. There is also reason to believe that the discoveries might be in the same range as in the U.S. and more or less of similar productivity.”Potential discoveries aside, the deepwater drilling industry is emerging leaner and more cost-competitive from the oil price slump, according to a Wood Mackenzie report from last week. Global deepwater project costs have dropped by 20 percent since 2014, WoodMac has estimated. The energy consultancy reckons that “the playing field between tight oil and deepwater is about to get a lot more level”, with deepwater breakevens pushed down, while cost inflation is “back with a vengeance” in tight oil projects.According to the IEA’s Mexico outlook report, the main source of future growth in crude production is projected to come from deepwater fields.So Mexico’s hopes for offsetting production and reserves decline are pinned on higher oil prices, the landmark energy reform, and the international oil majors resuming deepwater investment after the downturn.








#NotInMYNameWelcome back to another installment of the Watercooler, RedState’s daily Open Thread! Today, we’ve got…Another month passed, another evaluation of the Contract With The American Voter. Thanks to fellow WC’er Joliphant for the table coding and list. (Yes, I’ve been playing with the crayons this month.  )This month’s big news is the Breach of Contract with Lyin’ Ryan and Swampcare. Trump has this month before his key Hundred Days are up, and he needs to clean his act up, get his White House in order and get some more points on the board SOON. Combine that with Swamp Turtle McConnell, Lyin’ Ryan and the Tuesdaytard Turdsuckers, and…This Month’s Score: Counting each Start as +1/2 and each Unlikely as -1/2…BREACH9 + 8*1/2 + 0 – 1*1/2 – 1 = 11-1/2 out of 30 points possible. You were doing SO WELL, Mr. President, and then you had to listen to Rancid Penis (seriously, that guy really is a little dick) and Lyin’ Ryan pushing their Swampcare…Special thanks to Watercooler teammate Joliphant for coding the table.Today’s Birthdays: Educator Booker T. Washington, 1856; 007 film honcho Albert R. Broccoli, 1909; actor Gregory Peck, 1916; journalist Mary Katherine Ham, 1980This Week In History is compiled with assistance from History.com and Wikipedia. Something interesting not listed here? Please share in the Comments section–this is an Audience Participation Encouraged featurette.*Note: FMG Publishing giveaways require you to provide an FFL dealer’s info at entry. Aero Precision and Primary Arms giveaways give me one entry each per person who enters using my referral link.I’m a jerk to everyone. Best way to protect yourself from lawsuits.–Dr. Gregory HouseAs always, the Watercooler is an Open Thread. Something on your mind? Sound Off here! I regret not being able to engage in the Comments Thread as much as usual; this is a scheduled auto-post, as I’m offline today dealing with family matters.#NoQuarter #TheParty’sOver(Image by WarX, edited by Manuel Strehl at Wikimedia; used under Creative Commons Attribution license)The post Watercooler 4/5 Open Thread: The Contract Reassessed, April ’17 Edition appeared first on RedState.








The Cook County Record discusses CEI's Center for Class Action Fairness' case in the Walgreens Co. Stockholder Litigation:
In the proposed settlement to end the litigation, Walgreens agreed to make certain disclosures, ostensibly to satisfy the concerns spelled out in Hays’ complaint. And the drug store chain agreed to pay $370,000 to the lawyers representing Hays and the other plaintiffs.
However, the settlement was challenged by the Competitive Enterprise Institute, which represented John Berlau, a Walgreens stockholder who had objected to the settlement. The Washington, D.C.-based CEI describes itself as a “nonprofit public policy organization dedicated to advancing the principles of limited government, free enterprise and individual liberty.” Among other ventures, the CEI operates the Center for Class Action Fairness, which has filed objections to numerous class action settlements its leaders believe unfairly benefit plaintiffs’ lawyers who may earn large fees, compared to purportedly nominal awards for class members.
The Cook County Record discusses CEI's Center for Class Action Fairness' case in the Walgreens Co. Stockholder Litigation:In the proposed settlement to end the litigation, Walgreens agreed to make certain disclosures, ostensibly to satisfy the concerns spelled out in Hays’ complaint. And the drug store chain agreed to pay $370,000 to the lawyers representing Hays and the other plaintiffs.However, the settlement was challenged by the Competitive Enterprise Institute, which represented John Berlau, a Walgreens stockholder who had objected to the settlement. The Washington, D.C.-based CEI describes itself as a “nonprofit public policy organization dedicated to advancing the principles of limited government, free enterprise and individual liberty.” Among other ventures, the CEI operates the Center for Class Action Fairness, which has filed objections to numerous class action settlements its leaders believe unfairly benefit plaintiffs’ lawyers who may earn large fees, compared to purportedly nominal awards for class members.








Shia LaBeouf, the plagiarist whose name is becoming a byword for failure, is best known these days for his pointlessly divisive He Will Not Divide Us campaign, which has been driven out of New York, Albuquerque, someone’s backyard in Tennessee, and most recently, Liverpool. He also fails at the box office — spectacularly:“Man Down,” a war thriller with Shia LaBeouf, grossed just £7 ($8.70) when it premiered in a single U.K. theater over the weekend, according to ComScore. That’s the equivalent of selling a single ticket, given that the U.K. Cinema Association puts the average movie admission cost in the country at £7.21.“Poor Shia,” said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst at ComScore. “That opening could be in the Guinness World Records or something.”The upside for Shia is that setting a record for the worst-performing movie ever could at least generate some publicity, similar to the way making a fool of himself with He Will Not Divide Us has kept the people who laugh at him from forgetting that he exists.On a tip from Bodhisattva.








While speaking with AM Tampa Bay this morning, Florida Senator Marco Rubio gave a not-so-subtle nod to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s comments about Syria’s Bashar al-Assad.In fact, the senator came right out and suggested that Assad was likely emboldened by Tillerson’s lukewarm comments on the atrocities of Assad against his own people.After dozens died in Syria – many of them children – in a Tuesday attack, many U.S. lawmakers were outraged.Tillerson has been noncommittal, at best, saying of Assad last week, while in Turkey: “I think the status and the longer-term status of President Assad will be decided by the Syrian people.”Rubio’s response in his radio interview:“In this case now, we have very limited options and look, it’s concerning that the secretary of state, 72 hours ago or a week ago, last Friday, said that the future’s up to the people in Syria on what happens with Assad. In essence almost nodding to the idea that Assad was gonna get to stay in some capacity,” Rubio said on the show “AM Tampa Bay.”“I don’t think it’s a coincidence that a few days later we see this,” Rubio concluded.The attack, which took place in the northern Idlib province was likely aimed at Syrian opposition forces, thought to be housed in the region.Other lawmakers, such as fellow Republican Sen. John McCain, have also rebuked Tillerson and the Trump administration. McCain said on CNN’s “New Day” that he was sure that the Assad regime was “encouraged to know that the United States is withdrawing” from the conflict.I pointed out the response of Rep. Adam Kinzinger, earlier.Rubio went on to say:“Assad believes and sadly he may be right that he can gas his people with sarin, kill children, kill innocent civilians, people will complain, there’ll be a meeting at the UN Security Council and then life will go on and he’ll stay in power,” he said. “He’s made that calculation. The Russians support him on it. China is indifferent. And I hate to say this, I think he’s gonna get away with it again.”And therein lies the problem.Assad is supported by Russia, which complicates any response from the U.S.You can listen to Senator Rubio’s remarks here:The post LISTEN: Marco Rubio Draws Connection Between Secretary Tillerson’s Statements And Gas Attack By Assad In Syria appeared first on RedState.








Monstrous. And the left’s complicity is criminal. The elites on the left attack and destroy those of us who oppose this brutal homophobia.Even the Orlando mass murder of gays didn’t change anything.Last year, I spoke at an LGBT event at the RNC decrying the treatment of gays under Islam, and the mainstream media attacked the event with a vengeance.The left stands with the Muslims who practice sharia.“Chechen Authorities Arresting and Killing Gay Men, Russian Paper Says,” by Andrew E. Kramer, New York Times, April 1, 2017 (thanks to Thomas):MOSCOW — First, two television reporters vanished. Then a waiter went missing. Over the past week, men ranging in age from 16 to 50 have disappeared from the streets of Chechnya.On Saturday, a leading Russian opposition newspaper confirmed a story already circulating among human rights activists: The Chechen authorities were arresting and killing gay men.While abuses by security services in the region, where Russia fought a two-decade war against Islamic insurgents, have long been a stain on President Vladimir V. Putin’s human rights record, gay people had not previously been targeted on a wide scale.The men were detained “in connection with their nontraditional sexual orientation, or suspicion of such,” the newspaper, Novaya Gazeta, reported, citing Russian federal law enforcement officials, who blamed the local authorities.By Saturday, the paper reported, and an analyst of the region with her own sources confirmed, that more than 100 gay men had been detained. The newspaper had the names of three murder victims, and suspected many others had died in extrajudicial killings.A spokesman for Chechnya’s leader, Ramzan Kadyrov, denied the report in a statement to Interfax on Saturday, calling the article “absolute lies and disinformation.”“You cannot arrest or repress people who just don’t exist in the republic,” the spokesman, Alvi Karimov, told the news agency.“If such people existed in Chechnya, law enforcement would not have to worry about them, as their own relatives would have sent them to where they could never return,” Mr. Karimov said.The sweep, like so much else in Russian politics today, was entangled in the country’s troubled politics of street activism.It began, Novaya Gazeta reported, after a Moscow-based gay rights group, GayRussia.ru, applied for permits to stage gay pride parades in four cities in Russia’s predominantly Muslim North Caucasus region, of which Chechnya is a part.The group had not focused on the Muslim areas. It had been applying for permits for gay parades in provincial cities around Russia, and collecting the inevitable denials, in order to build a case about gay rights and freedom of assembly with the European Court of Human Rights, in Strasbourg, France. It had applied to more than 90 municipal governments. Nikolai Alekseev, a gay rights activist coordinating this effort, told Novaya Gazeta he had chosen this tactic rather than staging risky, unsanctioned gay parades.The group had not applied for a permit in Chechnya, but in another Muslim region in southern Russia, Kabardino-Balkaria. The mere application there — denied, as usual — had prompted an anti-gay counterdemonstration.In the restive Muslim regions, Mr. Putin has empowered local leaders to press agendas of traditional Muslim values, to co-opt an Islamist underground. The gay pride parade applications became a galvanizing issue.“In Chechnya, the command was given for a ‘prophylactic sweep’ and it went as far as real murders,” Novaya Gazeta reported….








Colossal ASTEROIDS hurtling toward Earth ‘closest in 400 years’








http://kevbakershow.com/
The post Article 50, Murder Mystery & Mermaid Madness appeared first on Kev Baker Show. THE KEV BAKER SHOW, EP#692.
Ben Emlyn-Jones is our special guest and we go over the triggering of article 50 – the official start to the UK leaving the EU! We discuss the fear campaign that was all the talk before the BREXIT vote & take a look at how this will effect the EU in the short & long term. With so many people saying no to globalism, the inevitable fright back is on with censorship being felt across the board by many in the alternative media & we discuss what is going on with regards to silencing the awakening.Then in the second half of the show Ben talk about the tragic and mysterious case of Elisa Lam, the lady that took an elevator to the top floor of a hotel and allegedly died after she climbed into the water tank. Is there more to this story than meets the eye?To finish up we move into the paranormal and cryptozoological world with a story out of Africa about mermaids…. Yes, mermaids! On top of that, my Mum listening to this information contacted me with a story about a MERMAN in Loch Ness!BEN’S WEBSITE…. http://hpanwo-voice.blogspot.co.uk/ARTICLE 50 AT LAST!… http://hpanwo-voice.blogspot.co.uk/2017/03/article-50-at-last.htmlElisa Lam Update…. http://hpanwo-voice.blogspot.co.uk/2017/04/elisa-lam-update.htmlMermaid Attack in Zimbabwe…. http://hpanwo-voice.blogspot.co.uk/2017/04/mermaid-attack-in-zimbabwe.htmlThe post Article 50, Murder Mystery & Mermaid Madness appeared first on Kev Baker Show. http://kevbakershow.com/








The third contribution in our new Resilience Spotlight series, featuring stories from Peak Prosperity readers, comes from macro2682. It centers on the challenge of prepping when your partner does not share the same urgency/outlook as you.I graduated in 2004 with an engineering degree from a great school, but was lured into finance by a fascination with economics and a strong desire to be “rich.”Rich people have the flexibility to pursue their dreams and ideas.  They have control over their time and can spend more of it with their kids, which they will certainly have because rich people don’t have any problems attracting women.  I settled bonds for a few years to earn my stripes, then got into institutional sales working for a $100B investment firm.  I put in 80hr weeks, and never said no to ‘one more drink’ when good networking came up. In 2008/9 my boss and co-worker were fired and I was given the reins.  A few years of continued effort and I had everything I wanted. I had been a closeted Malthusian since college, but the crash course helped solidify my perspective.  I’ve been going to industry conferences for the last decade, carefully talking about my concerns when the cocktails come out.  The industry is NOT unaware.  I would always stop short of talking about owning actual gold (which I did).  Owning gold is disrespectful to the industry and is grounds for shunning.  It’s like an Abercrombie employee coming to work wearing a turtleneck.  Not cool bro. I’m a social butterfly; I met my wife in a bar in my late 20s.  She was my polar opposite, shy and attractive. She hates being on time to things because she doesn’t want to be early, standing there alone “looking stupid.”  She is crippled by anxiety.  Learning that I owned some gold (and why) made her almost sick to her stomach it seemed.  I own less than 10oz, but am not allowed to buy more.  She has no financial background, and no knowledge (or interest) in learning about my concerns.  She doesn’t want to be different, she doesn’t want people to think we are weird, and SHE doesn’t want to think people WOULD think we are weird (that wasn’t an error). So I prepare in secret, and to a significantly lesser extent than I would like.  I own a very small amount of gold and silver (5% of net worth).  I have other protective exposures in my brokerage accounts (mining, bitcoin, and some others, along with more traditional allocations in case we get an equity blowoff). I have a giant mortgage on a property that is doomed.  It’s currently worth 20% more than I paid, but that will change when Chicago finally runs out of money (credit).  I save a high percentage of my income which is very good. I make enough to live downtown comfortably with my wife at home (we have a toddler and another one due any minute).My prepping has to always be camouflaged from my wife by everyday motives:  I want to buy a vacation house in MI, but what I really want it as a place to take my family when things go south.  I bought two way radios for a ski trip, but I keep them with extra batteries in a shoebox made into a faraday cage. I have about a month’s worth of bottled water, but I tell my wife that I just prefer to buy in bulk.  Every time I need to fix something, I buy the right tools and fix it myself (I just fixed a Mophie phone charger with a soldering iron).  I have a storage until it full of tools. I have 3 different methods to heat my house (gas fireplace, electric heaters, and gas forced air heat pump).  I have a car that I keep topped off with enough gas to get to my in-laws.  I have a separate brokerage account that I use to buy levered hedges for the standard-looking portfolios we keep elsewhere.  I already talked about the gold/silver (I use goldmoney.com for half of this exposure as well). Deep down my wife knows what I’m doing (although she’d better not find that shoebox).  I do think it makes her uncomfortable and resentful, but I don’t think she can complain.  She has a husband who loves her, helps with the kid(s), cleans, makes good money, and let’s her spend it on whatever she wants. And most of all, she has a husband who is willing to live with profound discomfort, avoiding the life changes he knows are necessary to protect his family, in order for his wife to avoid some social anxiety.I’m 35.  On track to retire at 45 if things hold together.  But if/when it doesn’t, I’ll be slightly better off than average.  Maybe if things start getting noticeably worse, my wife will come around and let me do what I need to do.  But I’m not holding my breath. Life will be hard for us if we don’t prepare more.  But I couldn’t survive at all without my wife, so I’m sorta stuck…https://www.peakprosperity.com/discussion/108214/prepping-reluctant-partner








Sick! Just SICK! [READ MORE]Setting a great example right up to the end. [READ MORE]During an interview with Variety Magazine that won’t hit the newsstands until the day after Donald Trump’s inauguration, Barack Obama was asked what stands out most about Donald Trump. After a long pause and a [READ MORE]Another Wikileaks dump proves Clinton is guilty of treason. [READ MORE]Only this jagoff would be such a douche. [READ MORE]Amy Schumer is still upset that her pal Hillary lost and took it out on the wrong person. [READ MORE]This might spell trouble for a lesser man. [READ MORE]For all those liberals who think the Secret Service budget will explode, don’t worry: Trump’s got this [READ MORE]Poor Alec…always the victim of his own silliness. [READ MORE]When Michelle found out what Melania had planned for one of her prized White House possessions she flipped out. [READ MORE]








The New World order, a not-so-secret organization made up of rich families and powerful government operatives from across the globe has been pushing the world towards a single globalist regime for decades. By manipulating the United Nations and installing puppets like Paul Ryan, George W. Bush, Barack Obama and others to high ranking positions in America, they have come very close to achieving their goals.Until President Trump that it.Now that there is someone who cares more about his country than the rest of the world and more about our economy than a few endangered animals, President Trump has become a liability and an enemy of the globalist regime. A source deep inside the organization said that Obama and his Deep State shadow government are entrenched in the battle to bring America to the world stage Trump has promised to keep us from.That operative, who remains anonymous, is working for our president. He told Reuters:“For the first time since the 1990s, the people running the show behind the scenes have determined that a head of state is too powerful and too popular with the people. They murdered Israeli Prime Minister Itzhak Rabin and now they’ve put out the word that Donald Trump is next. A plan is being put in place to blame ‘right-wing extremists’ so the liberal agenda of world domination can take a step forward”Secret Service has acknowledged the threat and will be stepping up security. Please share this post and help us pray for the life of our beloved president. He may be the only thing standing between us and a socialist world government.








Democrats will swear up and down that tax cuts will only benefit the wealthy and that they will never lead to a single job. Two families, iconic in America for generations, have just proven that to be false. The Rothschilds and the Gettys, with a combined net worth of more than $400 billion, have committed to spending buckets of their own dollars to create a million jobs.The two families are joining forces to help build new infrastructure for clean coal and safe fracking companies as well as new pipelines to span the country from the oil-rich tundras of Alaska to the deep-water rigs of the gulf. Under president Trump’s new affordable energy initiative, the new Roth-Getty Corporation, as it will be called, will secure a future for a million Americans.The initiative, which would guarantee the company tax-free operation for the first five years and subsidize the cost of the jobs for another 15, will ensure that the company is able to continue to grow and hire more people. The cost of the program is being offset with cuts to unnecessary social programs like The national Endowment for the Arts and public Broadcasting. These programs in the past have been nothing but a strain on the economy. If liberal elitists want to paint, sculpt and broadcast lies about our President, they can pay for it themselves.And THAT is called making America Great Again!








A pair of liberal activists, famous for their roles in the Black Lives Matter thuggery, were shot dead by the Secret Service. The pair were holed up in an apartment in New York City planning an attack on Trump Tower when a tactical team attempted to serve an arrest warrant and apprehend them.According to Breitbart:The Secret Service obtained intel that implicated LaShaun DeMarcus and George Maclerius Smith, two high-ranking members of BLM, as ringleaders of a domestic terrorism cell planning to kidnap First Lady Melania Trump.The pair refused to be taken into custody and fired on the agents, who had no choice but to use deadly force. The First Lady and her son, Baron, have been evacuated and taken to an undisclosed location.A manifesto found inside the apartment reads:We do what we do because Trump supporters are idiots. We will continbue to make them look foolish from now until the end of time.Nobody is sure how that statement relates to the kidnapping.








Bruce Jenner, a staunch conservative and life-long member of the Republican party, has finally come to his senses after several years of what had to be agonizing confusion. He has decided that he no longer wants to be a “woman” named Caitlyn.Jenner was just released from a voluntary treatment program offered by his church to help remove the demons and reverse the lies Satan has instilled in homosexuals, lesbians and cross-dressers. Through the miracle of prayer and acceptance of God’s love, Bruce Jenner is himself again and embracing living out his days as a man. Jenner told MSNBC:“I knew when Trump won that things in America were changing and I decided that I would have to get help for my mental issues. I am not a woman in a man’s body, I’m Bruce Jenner, Olympic gold medalist and father. God helped me realize that the truth will set us all free.”Jenner plans to write a book about his experiences and to tour the country talking to other tortured souls who have decided to take the life God gave them and change it to something only a liberal can understand. Together with his children, he says, he’ll be able to overcome the damage he’s done by pretending to be something he’s not.This is just more proof that God exists and that if you ask Him for help, you will be redeemed. God bless you, Bruce Jenner. And God Bless the USA and President Trump.








Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY) just signed the death warrant for his own career. President Trump, in the spirit of unifying the party, asked McConnell to lead the charge on re-writing the Republican health care bill that will replace Obamacare.Rather than take the great honor bestowed on him, McConnell instead ran to the Democrats and started collecting THEIR ideas on how to fix the health care bill. An aide inside McConnell’s office told The Hill that the senator recognizes that the Democrats have a much better grasp on what the people want when it comes to health care and that working with them is the only way to ensure a positive outcome.McConnell is a traitor. Soon after the calls went out to leading Democrats, he had a meeting in his office with Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton’s top aide. McConnell has obviously decided that he wants to be on the wrong side of history.








Barack Obama spent more time golfing than any other president in history. When all was said and done, the golfer-in-chief had spent 264 days of his 8-year reign of terror on the links at the taxpayer expense.President Trump had a special investigator look into the cost of all that golf to the taxpayer. After figuring in greens fees, transportation, security, food, beverages and equipment, the final cost came to just over $1 billion.You heard that right. $1 billion for one man to walk around luxury country clubs all over the world playing a game he’s not all that good at to begin with.The office of the comptroller will be sending Obama a bill that will have him paying back more than $400 million of that money that can’t be justified as a typical expense for a president. Obama has some nerve costing all of that money when he surely could have played much less and paid for a lot of it himself.








In an unprecedented move to make America safer and end the reign of terror being perpetrated by the shadow government, congress just sent an emergency bill to president Trump’s desk to outlaw Barack Obama’s Deep State.Once signed into law, any and all interference with the federal government as voted for by the people would constitute not only a crime but would be considered an act of sedition and war. The Republicans and our President aren’t going to sit idly by while a man who no longer holds office interferes in the governing of our country.Jeff Derpinger, Director of the WHOIP, told Fox News that the bill would go into effect immediately and that Obama’s movements are already being monitored. “The Deep State is finished in America, ” he said, “let him go back to Kenya if he wants to pretend to be in charge.”Once signed, Obama will be under surveillance as long as he’s on American soil. Should he decide to leave the country and continue trying to have an influence over our laws, he could be charged with espionage and have his citizenship revoked.Finally someone has decided to do something about the traitor.








The Russian government contacted the Trump administration just moments ago to inform them that the bombing in St. Petersburg this morning has been traced not to radical Islamic terrorists but to an operative inside the Obama Deep State shadow government.Obama’s plan was fairly simple. By making it look like ISIS has reached all the way to the interior of Russia, maybe Putin would pull out of Syria to take care of his own people, leaving US forces vulnerable to attack from his friends in the Muslim Brotherhood. Without Putin to intervene and with their knowledge of American tactics, Deep State would be able to make it seem that Trump is losing control.It’s all a part of the Obama plan to destabilize the trump administration and make it seem weak. The Russians are certain they’ve figured out the whole plot. A small cell of Muslims were infiltrated and made to believe they were taking instructions from ISIS. They were provided with intel and materials to bomb the station in Russia. That intel and the bomb came from the Obama shadow government, working out of turkey, under direct orders from none other than John Kerry.Putin has given the Trump administration an ultimatum to either admit the insurrection and turn Kerry over for prosecution or risk destabilizing our relationship with a world superpower.What would the liberals say? Oh, yeah. Thanks, Obama.








The Justice Department is reporting that they have enough evidence of tax evasion to not only take everything the Obamas own but to also garnish the money they’re making from their new book deals. The scandal, which is tied to illegal royalties Michelle was paid by the friend from college she hired to design the Obamacare website, is said to have netted the former first family nearly a billion dollars.A spokesman from Jeff Sessions’ office told Fox News:“We knew when we heard about the Obamacare scam that there would be issues. When we saw that it was worth over $900 million, we were thrown back a little. Hopefully they won’t get away with it.”Hopefully? If they get away with a billion dollars in taxpayer money they shoud be taken to Gitmo forever.President Trump has vowed to see that the Obamas lose their assets, their library and their book deal money as well as their credibility. He wants to make sure that nobody named Obama ever holds public office again.








Traitorous Muslim Barack Obama just threw a little hissy fit in public after the Secret Service refused to remove all of the people in line if front of him at a smoothie shop in Arlington, Virginia. Late for a tee time and in need of his kiwi lime fix, Obama displayed that he is nothing but a toddler with a security detail.A woman who was standing in line told the Washington Examiner:“He was like a little kid. He stomped around demanding we all get out of his way. Then he made his goons take the cell phones from the people who were recording, got his smoothie and left.”The “legacy” that is Barack Obama and his failed life continues.








Well, Obama is making sure his War on Christmas lasts clear through his last days in the White House. Early Monday morning, Barack Hussein Obama signed an executive order banning the use of a baby Jesus on the White House soil. That’s right, he banned Jesus Christ.He told MSNBC:I am signing this order as an act of tolerance and peace towards globalized unity. Symbols like the nativity or a manger are divisive during a holiday season shared by many different walks of faith. Our White House in inclusive to them all. To make others feel welcome, we will no longer have Jesus in the manger on White House grounds.Umm, everyone knows America is a Christian nation. How can you have Christmas with no Baby Jesus? This comes after Obama decided Christmas Trees were banned from the White House and declared them all Holiday Trees. Ugh!We can rest assured President Trump will reverse this action but, it looks like the White House will have yet another Christ-less Christmas with the anti-Christ in the White House.January 20 can’t come soon enough!








A spokesperson for Melania Trump let the cat out of the bag early Wednesday morning that the future First Lady has decided what her main initiative will be when her husband takes office and Michelle Obama is not going to like it. Speaking under condition of anonymity, the spokesman revealed to CBS News that Mrs. Trump will be restoring the federal school lunch program to something children will actually eat.“One of the things Melania Trump is most troubled by is that children are being served inadequate and unappetizing meals in school in the name of nutrition,” said the aide, “When she learned that the First Lady can help mold school menus into something they look forward to rather than something they despise, she was thrilled.”According to the spokesman, Mrs. Trump isn’t planning on putting fryolators back in school cafeterias or serving Twinkies and cupcakes for lunch, but she does believe that a diet with steady carbs and enticing fruits and vegetables would be more appealing to schoolchildren who have been living for the past eight years with lunches like these: Melania decided to take on the initiative after learning that children who couldn’t stomach the lunches were going hungry and couldn’t even muster enough energy to do anything but sit down during recess. “She believes in children, food and recess. What can I say, she’s a great mom,” her spokesman said, “while her husband fixes Barack Obama’s mess, she’ll make sure history forgets Michelle Obama.”That sounds great. Now how about a refund for all the vacations?Michelle Obama is so distraught over Melania’s move to bring flavor and satisfaction back to school lunches that she cancelled her schedule for the day, presumably to stay in and sulk.








Hillary Clinton, who tried to fool the country into thinking a 70-year-old woman could possibly be fit to be President of the United States, collapsed outside her daughter Chelsea’s New York apartment yesterday, prompting an emergency visit to her doctor. After some initial tests, the doctor admitted her to Mount Sinai Hospital where she will spend the better part of the next week undergoing tests.A spokesman for the hospital told The New York Post:“Secretary Clinton suffers from post-election anxiety that borders on PTSD along with what appears to be a chronic neurological disorder that makes her physically able to do more than most people think she’s actually capable of. It could be a real problem for someone of her advanced years.”It appears as though Clinton, whose bout with pneumonia almost left her passed out on a New York sidewalk on 9/11, will have to cancel her campaign for 2020 if she had one in mind in lieu of some time on the shuffleboard court at a\n assisted living facility.We’d like to have some empathy for this woman but after sending and receiving all of those emails and being in charge when an embassy was attacked, it’s just not in the cards. Maybe this is just a clear-cut case of karma.








Robert DeNiro has become a well-known loser ever since his cute little “Trump is a punk” video made no difference on election day. In that video, he told some very bad lies and disrespected the president in a big way. Watch the piece of trash fake tough guy’s pitiful performance below:Now that President Trump has taken office, DeNiro went on a list of people who had directly threatened hi. “I’d like to punch him in the face” might be something fun to say about a guy at the end of the bar or your wife’s flirty boss, but it’s not something you can just say about the President of the United States. Donald Trump made sure of that when he signed the POTUS protection order the day he took office.Jeff Derpinger, Director of the WHOIP, told reporters from The Gateway Pundit and Breitbart:“President Trump said from the beginning that he wouldn’t stand for the insults and threats and that they’d be dealt with accordingly. DeNiro is an influential person in this country and his statements create a direct and credible threat against the leader of our country. As such, he will be investigated, his passport and any travel visas he has revoked and he will go on the no-fly list. He will also be subject to a tax audit and further investigation by the Justice Department. Basically, his entire life is about to be opened and examined.Let this be a lesson to those who won’t back President Trump: You will not like what happens if you don’t fall in line.”DeNiro wasn’t available for comment but a source for Paramount Pictures says the travel ban has already cost him more than $10 million for contracted filming obligations in New Zealand that he can no longer attend.Take notice, liberals. You can’t just say whatever you want about President Trump and get away with it.








Five peaceful, tolerant liberals (ha ha) were just pulled from the crowd outside the capitol and charged with conspiracy to commit murder and domestic terrorism after Secret Service agents identified them as a left-wing terror cell responsible for riots in New York and Philadelphia after election day. Information streaming out of Washington says all five are American born citizens.There is very little to go on so far, but Special Agent Zach Braniff told reporters that the killers were serious about their mission and were ready to bring the entire Capitol building down to accomplish their mission:“They all had suicide vests on and their minivan was found to contain enough explosives to take out a large chunk of Capitol Hill. They were chanting about freedom of speech and choice, which clearly means they have been influenced by fake news and have zero respect for human life.”The terrorists were whisked away for questioning at an undisclosed location and the area was cleared for the President’s speech this evening. This is a developing story the mainstream media isn’t talking about but we will certainly keep you updated as things develop.








Late last week, a rumor began circulating in Washington social circles that there was trouble in paradise for Barack and Michelle Obama. While there was no confirmation, it was being tossed around that it was Barack looking to dump Michelle. This morning, a filing in the District Court of Cook County, Illinois confirmed that the couple is seeking divorce and that Barack is, in fact, the plaintiff.According to county docket D4610968L86, Barack Hussein Obama seeks dissolution of marriage from Michelle Obama on grounds of infidelity and irreconcilable differences. The infidelity, according to the Obama’s longtime housekeeper, Analita Consuelo Gonsales, isn’t recent but rather the revelation through a recent DNA test that Obama isn’t the biological father of Sasha or Malia.Gonsales said that it wasn’t really a surprise, because during an argument in 2003 Barack admitted to Michelle that he had faked all of his orgasms. Michelle, in turn, admitted that she had an affair with a biolab and that the children were actually the product of advanced genetic engineering. Apparently, Malia is secretly one of the most talented dulcimer musicians in the world and Sasha’s IQ is so high she’s a single lab accident away from being a supervillain and taking over the world.Obama, who suddenly feels like an outcast in a family of such amazing people, will step aside and even back Michelle’s 2020 run for president, but he will not agree to paying any form of support for Sasha, who is still a minor, mostly because she makes more money playing Texas Hold ’em in a month than he makes in a year.It’s lucky for us that we don’t have to have this kind of craziness in our White House anymore. Having a great, stable family like the Trumps is doing wonders for America.








The libtards of America just love to pretend they aren’t sexist, even though they support putting the wife of a serial rapist, sexual harasser and Oval Office defiler back in the White House. So let’s see what they have to say about this secretly recorded video showing Bill Clinton wishing his wife would just stay home and make him a sandwich.In the recorded by a caterer, Bill Clinton is seen talking to an unknown man who has his back to the camera. The two are deep in conversation about golf, and retired life when Bill says something shocking:“It’s nice for Hillary to be running for president, but sometimes I just wish she would stay home and make me a damn sandwich!”The unknown man chuckles and says, “They sure don’t make women like they used to.”Bill laughs and says:“I get so jealous of these Republican guys, their wives smell like cookies and are always smiling and polite.”Someone steps in front of the camera for several minutes and blocks the conversation, but when the video picks back up Bill and the man are seen clinking their glasses together and though the video is almost inaudible it sounds like Bill says:“–if she loses–I can get my man card back!”The two then slap each other on the back.Back in the 90s Hillary Clinton insulted women across America when she said:“I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas, but what I decided to do was to fulfill my profession which I entered before my husband was in public life.”Seems kind of like that’s exactly the kind of woman Bill wished he had judging by this new video. Probably why he’s had multiple affairs throughout his marriage.After Hillary Clinton loses the election, Slick Willy might be drowning in sandwiches.UPDATE This video was removed from YouTube shortly after publishing. Obviously, the Clintons will go to any length to silence this video.








What do Vladimir Putin’s dog and Barack Obama have in common? The same name!According to sources close to the Kremlin, Vladimir Putin sat down with Germany’s Angela Merkel to give her some advice on how to handle the influx of radical islamic terrorists who are flooding into Germany. As a token of appreciation, Merkel gave Putin a black Labrador Retriever. Putin then immediately stood up and announced to the reporters in the room that the dog will be named after the President of the United States.“This animal will be named Barack Hussein Obama!”Merkel then mocked Obama by pretending to be afraid of the large black animal, waving her hands in the air and silent screaming.While it is hilarious that a man’s man like Putin just insulted Barack Obama, it’s also an insult to every American Patriot. Remember the days when we were respected and even feared by the world? Now strong world leaders mock ours.If you didn’t already think Obama has made our country the laughingstock of the world, a strong ruler like Putin naming his dog after the U.S. President proves it.We need a strong man heading America, again. A leader that foreign leaders would fear naming their dogs after. We need a man like Donald Trump in the White House who wouldn’t stand for being disrespected by having a dignitaries’ Golden Retriever named after him. Of course, Putin knows Trump wouldn’t put up with this crap, so he wouldn’t even try it.Obama was unable to be reached for comment, as reported from several journalists who were in the room during Putin’s announcement. He was probably playing golf or campaigning for Killary.Make American Great Again!








After a campaign appearance for Hillary Clinton in Las Vegas Friday Night, President Obama had to receive emergency medical treatment from the surgeon assigned to Air Force One after he tripped and fell and busted his face open. A source in the President’s press corps witnessed the event, which has been played off as “a minor scrape,” saying that there was a fair amount of blood and almost certainly a couple of stitches.The best part of the story is how the whole ordeal took place. According to the source, an intern with a major publication, Obama was walking through the staff kitchen in the plane looking for something salty to snack on when he slipped on a pocket copy of the United States Constitution somebody must have dropped, causing him to whack his chin off of one of the stainless steel prep tables.When one of the chefs joked that he must not have seen it, Obama was heard to say, “I’ve never seen one of those before in my life.” As the crew yucked it up and joked, America continued its suffering outside of the luxury plane as 92 million people were still left out of the workforce staring at a $20 trillion debt their grandchildren’s children will be stuck paying for.The mainstream media has been silent about the incident and the doctor did a nice job of concealing the wound. While you may not see it, you can rest easy that at least for a week or so it will Obama when he opens his mouth to speak just as much as it hurts us.








The popular website Bipartisan Report ran an article we were all-too-sad to confirm. A group of powerful Democrats from a super PAC have petitioned to have Donald Trump charged with treason over his connection to the Russians hacking and influencing the election.With just 76,000 well-placed votes the difference between a narrow Trump electoral win and a Clinton popular and electoral landslide, prominent Democrats are calling for the CIA, NSA and others to release their reports on Russia influencing the election before the electoral college makes his win official next Monday. They are also calling for the current administration to charge Trump with treason to make him publicly answer the allegations before his inauguration.“It is likely at this point that Donald Trump will be charged with treason,” said a spokesman for Attorney General Loretta Lynch, “we cannot simply overlook the connection between Trump and Vladimir Putin, his business dealings in the former Soviet Republic or the fact that the Russian influence seems to have been all pro-Trump.”Here’s the thing. We patriots all know that Donald Trump won the election fair and square, no matter what the facts say. You can point to Russia’s involvement all day long and even show us a connection but we know that 3 million illegals voted for Hillary Clinton, who should be in prison to begin with and therefore ineligible for the office anyway.The American people won’t stand for their next president being slandered like this. The GOP congress will never allow a Republican to stand trial one way or the other. this whole thing is a waste of taxpayer money. Obama was never charged with treason and he broke the constitution on day one just by being president. Clinton hasn’t been charged even though she’s directly responsible for Benghazi.What difference does it make if they find out the Russians wanted Trump in the White House? So did the American people. The legal ones anyway.








It would seem that Hillary Clinton has had enough. After 30 years of investigations nobody has been able to prove because she’s seemingly the smartest, most able criminal of all time, Clinton has reached the end of her rope.After what she probably thought was going to be a reprieve when the mainstream media falsely reported that the Trump administration wouldn’t pursue charges against her, Clinton reportedly dropped to her knees and started crying when a messenger from Trump Tower hand-delivered a note from The President-Elect she wasn’t prepared for. According to the messenger, who told CNBC she wishes to remain anonymous, the note said:Hillary,Don’t let the press fool you. You have taken far too much from the American people and I’ve been assured by the incoming Attorney General as well as ranking members of congress that you’ll spend most of 2017 behind bars. Shame on you for trying to deceive the American people.Regards,DonaldSome are saying that Trump instructed the note to be leaked so his supporters would know that he isn’t going back on his promise to jail people who oppose him with propaganda and lies. That makes Hillary Clinton public enemy number one.The messenger, who said she personally watched Hillary crumble into a lump of blubbering tears, wasn’t impressed:“Even that seemed like an act. I don’t think that woman has an honest bone in her body.”Neither do we.








If you’re not a lazy bum on welfare or an illegal here to steal food stamps and free medicine, President Trump has some good news for you. You, your wife and your children will all be receiving a stimulus bonus of $612 each to spend however you see fit inside the United States.The program, called “Tax Relief For Deserving Americans,” will give nothing to those who choose not to work, people in prison or illegal aliens. People on welfare in good standing with work programs or job training will receive an extra $25 in bonus food stamps instead. The White House Communication and Propaganda Office released a statement about the program and how it will impact the economy:While deciding how to distract the American people from the nonsense being “reported” by the fake news media about world events and interior politics, President Trump was reminded of how much everyone enjoyed the money George W Bush handed out from the surplus left over from the Clinton administration. Mr. trump has decided people would rather focus on spending some money than the nonsense on the “news,” and has therefore authorized the release of $612 each for every legal American from a working family.Democrats are already crying because the people who will receive their chunk of the $153 billion program don’t necessarily need the money that could be spent buying them votes from deadbeats who like free stuff. They also don’t understand how the program will be paid for. Trump had a simple answer:“It’s not that much money in the grand scheme. We’ll make Mexico pay for it with a new tax or maybe we’ll add a few bucks tariff to every case of Canadian Whiskey. Maybe the Chinese can help out. It’s taxable income, so 28 percent of it will come back anyway. It’s not that big a deal. I’ve built things, great things, huge things worth far more.”One thing is for sure. You can forget about all the stupidity the liberals are trying to sell you about lies and Russians and North Korea and all the rest of the humdrum day to day you shouldn’t concern yourself with anyway. What a waste of time. Grab some cash and have some fun on your leader, Donald Trump!Checks will start arriving in the mail Friday.








During Friday Night’s Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio, Beyonce’ Knowles, known for her liberal ideals and anti-police rhetoric, was performing a free set for the murderous email queen when she suddenly stopped singing. She turned towards the side of the stage where Hillary was standing and said, “You’re in my earpiece.”Clinton, looking surprised, gave a smile and started clapping. Beyonce’ continued her performance but cut it short after just two songs. She was seen storming off stage and leaving the venue in a limousine shortly thereafter.Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-DestroyingA reporter from the local Parma Gazette asked around and found out from a sound tech that Clinton’s lapel mic was hot and all of the staff were listening when she said:“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”The Clinton campaign refused calls for comment and the roadie who gave the original report is now nowhere to be found. Hopefully his life insurance was up to date.It Was Demorats who started the KKK and they never left it. Time for black people to know you have used for over 50 years and you follow like sheepiesThat’s what Beyoncé gets!!!! LMAO  sorry not sorry for loving this!
And Killary can’t even be happy to get a free concert without being so
rude, I thought she needed the black vote? Guess BL don’t M to HRC!!!Paid them $62 million.  Not exactly free!Nothing matters to HRC except HRCLMAO!Actually hitlery paid them 62mil for the “free” concertIs it rude or did Beyonce deserve it like you imply? Can you make up your mind and whatnot or is this Tourettes?That concert wasn’t free. Campaign funds paid them $65,000,000 to jay z and BeyoncéHillary paid Beyon`ce and her husband $62 million to do this concert….it was not for free!!!http://endingthefed.com/clinton-campaign-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z-62-million-for-cleveland-concert-to-secure-black-votes.htmllmao it wasnt free she paid out 65 mil for that last sec concertThe best think that Beyonce can do is to vote for  Trump and let her know it.That will  make her even madder.LMAO….good enough for both of themI want to understand, why did Black Americans stand at attention, while Obama was talking down to them, as if they were part of a Chain Gang, taking orders from their prison guards? I thought people have freedom of choice, not someone elses ideology. Wake up Black America, the Democrats are playing you for your votes. The could give a crap less about your struggles or difficulties.What black people as if you know all black people, as if you know what all black people think or feel. You don’t know that…. Stop with the assumption. We ate not one mind.Hillary’s use of Jay-Z and other entertainers in a feeble attempt of pandering the minority vote demonstrates her / liberals thoughts regarding minority people of the nation.
If you don’t understand this, Think;
Why can’t she bring to you a message of intellectual value with no question in her mind you’ll understand?
She banks on her thoughts of your ignorance to further her agenda.
Non minority supporters of Hillary should be considered racist pigs for condoning her strategies…not sure what you mean?~ well… ur black ass is DEF. one minded, cuz you can not even fkn spell right…(Lol)  All Hail BLM… B*lack  L*azy  M*onkeys….(LMMF*W*AO)Hey Rev. Bill, talk like that is not going to unite this country.  Please, we have to stop the hate.Rev Bill your a jackass. I was a Trump supporter, but I certainly have no animosity toward the black people in our society.“We ate not one mind”  WOW…. LMAOObama is a white liberal anointed ROYALIST CLASS BLACK OVERSEER OF HIS RACE AND IS DOING HIS STEP N FETCH IT DUTIES TO HIS WHITE LIBERAL MASTERS~~~PERIOD!!!The “white liberal masters” are Jews, not white.I believe that roadie has done his last gig. His name was found on 4 ballots this weekhere is a better analysis of Dem/GOP stands on civil rights. phttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/republicans-party-of-civil-rightsAbsolutely true.AMEN!First get your history right. The Democrats were “Dixicrats” when they formed the KKK, and they are now YOUR KKK!  Black people were no part of the Dixicrats!  Don’t try to give us your white supremistthe dems and republicans have switched positions through the years their beleifs at that time would have made  the democrats republicans now so in other woulds the philosophy than is the same as the present day repulicans ill believe this when i hear it fro BeyonceOh the Ole switcharoo huh? Lmao! So Strom Thurman was the whole democratic party huh? He was the only democrat to switch parties during that time! Wow big switch huh? SMDHHe beyonce there s time to vote TRUMP!I agree!!Time to makes America great again! Vote for Trump!Don’t be fooled you fool. You and your family was poor then, too.Hilly is nothing but trash! I do not see why the Hollywood set are into her when she just uses them for their money and her gain!
Wonder what she says about them when they are not around?Because they are involved in the Illuminati also.The Hollywood set follows Hillary because they live in the same elitist world Hillsry does.  They are completely out of touch with the reality we live in. They are blind to the hypocrisy and corruption in the Democratic Party because it doesn’t touch them.Exactly!idk why she would think she is any different than all the others they use and then toss aside like yesterdays garbage…smdh….i thought she was supposed to be so dam smart….HA….guess that was a lie tooTheir Sheeple, and Killary was probably loaded again!!!Their sheeple? Whose sheeple? Trump or Hillary?Money… They’re paid!Hollywood is owned by Zionists. Just like Hillary.I am a Zionist and I am for Trump!!!I don’t think you understand the term zionist.   “a movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.”Hillary Clinton is definitely NOT in favor of the Jewish nation prospering in their own land no matter what drivel comes out of her mouth.You are full of crap.  She is owned by Soros who hates Israel and Zionists!!!
Get educated!Seriously, get your facts straight, before sending it all out into the population
. The Devil aka, Illuminati,  owns alot of the souls of Actors. Musicians and such.. they sell their souls to the Evil doers and then the become actors , musicians etc. Makes me sick… Obama had a bunch of them to the white house just recently and gave them medals of some sort,  check it out , Obama , Clinton’s,  Soros and some top politicians  in power are all part of this Sick Society of Satan worshippers and child molesters….They are hoping for favors or the ability to rent a night in the Lincoln Bedroom!Because like her, most of those in Hollywood HAVE NO MORALS!When will people learn that the Clintons’ are nothing but users?  They have no respect for anyone,  They use these celebrites to get votes and then talk trash about them.  Sickening..I agreeHope this post opens up the truth of who Clinton really is and what she stands for..HERSELF!Vote Trump..he has your back and your interests too, and will put our America FIRST!!I HOPE BEYONCE  WILL TELL EVERYONE WHAT WAS SAID IT HAD TO HURT HER BAD I AM SOORY FOR BEYONCEI bet, that this would upset Obama and Michelle…Jay-Z is their best friends…Sorry for Beyonce. She doesn’t deserve Respect after what she has said about all Law EnforcementAMEN! She is trash!Yes she took advantage of the superbowl and made her agenda one of hate and violence
She and her dance team were paying homage to The black panthers who are nothing but hate and destruction.Sorry for that police trashing pos! No, nope, I can’t stand the way she acts and what she stands for. As far as Clinton, does this crap actually surprise anybody? She is simple white trash and all she cares about is Hillary and the All Mighty Dollar.I am NOT one bit sorry for Beyoncé! She has been dumb enough to follow that  heating, killing, lying old bat! She should know Hillary is a back-stabber!Ummm, hello! Bernie Sanders got paid hush money. It will be interesting to see how they compensate Beyoncé to keep her quiet. Trump 2016!62 mi!!ion so farBeyonce’ and JZ actually $62,000,000f fir that twi sing ‘concert’ . To draw in tbe black Vote!!Well, when you play with s**t you are going to get it on you. Hope Beyoncé learned from it. Clintons are white trash users.To hell with Beyoncé! That’s what you get for supporting a back stabbing criminal! “F” the clintonsI’M not surprised.  Beyonce is a adequate singer, her dress? is questionable.
I  wouldn’t take b a FREE CD OF HER CRAP MUSICTwo worthless creatures  cut from the same cloth ha haha.How much money did it cost Beyoncé to be there?  That was one expensive lesson.Nothing! She was paid for that. Wonder if 62m is enough to take the beating from hrc words68 million each her and JzHer TRUE side will come out ! !I think it did come out with that comment! She’s a hypocrite!!! And liar and conartist! The epitome of con games!!!Her true side IS out!I just it doesn’t come too late.No surprise Beyonce…please stop following her Hillary and Obama think they are the masters of destruction of theUSA she is using you allllll …Under her watch people are getting seriiusly hurt ..physically.
Please Vote TrumpIt shows Hillary’s hypocrisy, but Beyonce does sing trash.If this is true, it’s a huge beatdown for the Hildabeast! If Beyonce talks about it, or any of the staff that heard her, that’ll blow her black voter bloc right out if the water!and that would be a blessing for sure….#VOTETRUMPHow did you come to that conclusion? Not all black people follow Beyonce.——-  BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HER —– LIKE WE KNOW  (HER)I have kknow her the entire time of her career she has failed at everything she done she got a rapist off through corruption and has done nothing but corruption and sick twisted things her whole life she has sold out the Bengazhi men lives to this very election with nothing but corruption satanic cult to the very selling out of her kid yeah I know killary and I know about the coup of our government that was just countercoup to take her down with all her sick things she has done to America and it’s people.Is anyone Surprised . they don’t care who they useOutstanding  comment! !How can I join your group! I think exactly as u do and want to save this great country from idiot liberals!!!If you are a”deplorable conservative no matter what race or color”Welcome a board!We Deploables stand with TRUMP!!!vote for Trump. It has never been the people campaign, it has been for the ultra wealthy. She has openly said that she is going to raise taxes on us. Obamacare is going up… a lot. They plan to make us a poor 3rd world country. Donald hopes to repair what the last 24 years have done. I hope you can help us give him a chance.Well bouncy when will you and your moronic friends get it ? HILLARY AND BILL don’t like niggas and Jews they are only a means to an end !!!!!!!!They don’t like Catholics eitherOr AmericansGot that right..all of you…Totally uncalled forAmerica will be sold out,the hour is at hand,and she has already turned Her back on God and the only thing left is judgementThe bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like the is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your  eyes  you still have time to save yourselves .The bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like She is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your eyes you still have time to save yourselves .The Clintons are evil ungodly pos…   Moses led his people (slaves) out of bondage of Egypt and AFTER he parted the waters and let GOD’S persecuted people thru, GOD let waters flow back and kill the bad guys that had enslaved God/Moses people.  Clintons just wanted Beyonce to get black people vote before they let the waters come back through.  They are the bad guysKevin, you make a good point! Let’s hope her users open their eyes if they haven’t already voted for the Queen!Now maybe she will see Trump is the best choice Killarney is TRASHHow much were you paid?Hollywood is the straw that stirs the drink for TRAsH LIKE the Clintons, Obama and George SarosYeah, my bro and I was there. That look in Beyonce eye boyee dat shit was NASTY at HILLARY!Gave her the stink eye and stank face!!HEY YOU NEED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW IT WAS TRUE SO THEY DON’T VOTE FOR hILLARY THAT WAS WRONG WHAT SHE SAID ABOUT BEYONCEAnd that ladies and gentlemen is a racist that wants to be your President. Wake up folks and vote Trump.is there video of this?Can’t seem to find one. Which song was it?I hope this is true. Would love to watch the libtardian left  tearing themselves apart…..And this is to prove what? There is no audio or video evidence to corroborate the story. Just a right wing “reporter” (and I use that term loosely)  with a fantastical story idea which isn’t original. Simply took what happened with Trump and his hot mic (whice had evidence) and trying to turn it on Clinton. This isn’t news. It’s fallacy, and not done well at all. Lazy reporting.You’re one of those idiots, believe everything they say about Trump but all the dirt on Hillary is just right-wing blather and lies. I’ll hit you up next time I need to count sheep.HAHAHAAnd what evidence do you have that it’s false? Beyonce did stop in the song and Beyonce did take after only two songs without further adieu. So you don’t believe this story but rather have Hillary make a fool out of youDo you know all or just can’t stand the truth? Wise up , Clinton is a user , she got caught , it’s not the first time.But it’s like something she would say!!Daniel, maybe its time to pull your head out of your ass!Beyonce, tell me she did not!  I don’t put nothing pass
 the Really Rottens!!!! sorry mf’s!I see any (polite) dissenting comment gets held for moderation then deleted. How liberal of you.Just hadn’t been moderated yet. We have a small team.Really? Because I’ve read several already.Sorry this is b.s. I watched the show and nobody stormed off stage Beyonce was hugging Hilary and handed her the mic before kissing her and calmy walked off stage with her husband. It’s amazing the roadie couldn’t be found after his bogus claim!That’s what i saw on the video…I’d be glad for someone to provide video evidence to the contrary!!She hasn’t learned to keep her big mouth shut yet.But Beyoncé still preformed her services for the racist murderer without defending her music or her people didn’t she.For once Hillary was being truthful! Why was the pole dancer even there?Well that’s one time she didn’t lieHaha. So true!she and her subservient  ilk always been  slaves for fat*ss clinton and that ain’t gonna change.She uses Ppl. like no one else !.She hates Minorities until election day !In the Beyonce story, don’t mean to be picky but correct spelling is WHOAWell it surely is crap pseudo music.There ya go!  Just goes to show you Beyonce that you are just another Negro to her even if you sold your soul to the devilI doubt it is true.Done you twos heard it and was you two sittin to gether?How many times does this have to happen before they realize the ruthless person they are bowing and scraping too..about time they find out.So damn funny and fitting! Maybe now these”artists”and I use the term loosely,will finally realize what a piece of scum Hillery is.I can’t stand Hillary, but let’s not be like her and the Dem’s media, I want to hear her own voice saying these things. any person of reasonable intelligence in either party, should want to see & hear real proof of wrong doing.AgreeWow what a ungrateful witch !! There is something wrong with her, she is fake as hell.MAYBE PEOPLE WILL START REALIZING HILLARY DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THEM….IT’S ALL FOR HER POLITICAL GAIN AND SHE WILL SAY AND DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!  WE CANNOT HAVE HER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN!!!!The Clintons have,always been for themselves. All the money in the Clinton Foundation  was put there by donors,TO the Clintons for a “charityfoundation” ..which turns out the money from the Foundation is used as their personal “bank account” to use the money for their own family…Busted as the hypocritical, pathological-psychotic thief and traitor she is.THAT WAS THE REAL HILLARY,THE BLACK COMMUNITY HAS BEEN KIDDING IT’S SELF FOR DECADES THINKING THE DEMOCRATS WERE WITH THEM , FOR THEM. DEMOCRATS ARE WHAT BLACKS SHOULD CALL THE ANTI-AMERICAN RACIST PARTY. THE D.N.C. HAS HAD A HATETRED FOR BLACKS FOR 150 YRS AND WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP THEM UNDER THEIR THUMP AND DOWN ON THE PLANTATION. IT’S TIME FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY TO PULL THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS OUT OF THE SAND AND TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL DEMOCRATS, ‘CAUSE IF THEY DON’T THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT #’S WILL EXPLODE  AND POVERTY WILL EXPLODE….THAT’S DEMOCRAT BIG GOVERNMENT CONTROL. CLINTON IS BIG GOVERNMENT ,IS AN ELITIST,IS A RACIST,AND DID TAKE CAMPAIGN FUNDS FROM THEIR BABY THE K.K.K. FREEDOM FROM DEMOCTAT CONTROL IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP.Pop diesel..agree with your post 100%!!  Ok if we borrow it and share??So Jay Z and Beyonce conduct a FREE concert for Hillary Clinton.. Hum.. Yet Donald Trump stands alone with JUST his 15,000 supporters, who came for JUST Trump.. no help form the so called “star power”!! And let’s not forget his republican party.. Talk about weak!!
I personally find it very insulting that Hillary Clinton thinks so low of the black community, she plays them for a fool and thinks they are down right stupid! I hope you all enjoyed the FREE concert she supplied you with. Because that ALL she will do for you!
Think about this, Hillary Clinton thinks that the only way black people will ever understand the election process and the fact that they should even vote, period…is to use the words FREE and WELFARE. Hillary has purposely bound a large percentage of the black community in a vice, locked them down and they are under her sick control!
GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!! DON’T BELIEVE THE SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN THEY SAY “THERE IS NO WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN, HE HAS A NARROW PATH” it’s all mind control.. they want us to feel there is no point to go out and vote if SHE is going to win anyway!! GO OUT AND VOTE!!! Bring your family and friends, tell your coworkers to through their kids in the mini van and get to the polls!!
Beyonce.. put that fist up.. you know, the one you display so proudly in honor for the black panthers.. and punch yourself right in the mouth with it!
Whoever your voting for just GO VOTE!!I agree, Missy.  Free stuff.  I saw a clip from the show and Hillary was yet again offensive after JZ and his crew did a horrific, violent rap that called women bitches and hoes and talk about drugs and killin niggas – oh yes, and hoes.  She was euphoric as she clapped at the end shouting happily, “THIS IS YOU, AMERICA!  THIS IS WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT!” All the people clapped and shouted approval.  Really people?  She likes to pander to black people with a tremendous disconnect.  She actually believes black people are all gangsta… and ignorant.
Meanwhile, Trump STILL had more people at his rallies without free food and free concert tickets.  I hope those people had a good time and then vote trump anyway.Even Left lib’d can’t say it’s ok for what Hillary did! Truthful who the hell want a EVIL👺LYING MURERING WITCH I’ll NEVER FORGET BENGHAZI!She is always flapping her yap! Why more people haven’t caught on is beyond me?  I find it rather amusing, how stupid her minions truly are…Why there isn’t more truth from HRC’s *#@&^%! garbage gutter mouth???  It’s because HilLiarY does not allow anyone in her presence to have a cell phone.http://www.mediazone.news/index.php/2016/11/04/every-american-will-
salute-with-pride-nypd-announces-they-are-preparing-to-arrest-
hillary-clinton-on-pedophilia-and-treason-charges/#comment-1385Let’s get on with it!Clinton doesn’t even know how NOT to bite a gift horse in the mouth!! What a stupid, arrogant, hateful person – couldn’t she have just enjoyed the show?The real Hillary just opened her racist bigoted mouth. Go figure!Ooops, the only time Hillary doesn’t lie is when she thinks no one is listening.Go 4 it .Hillary will bust it wide openThey deserved each other .You and your man are always welcome on the Trump train!!!! We one big happy family!! No we are not racist!!Hillary is smarter than B…and Z….But not T…Trump….the blacks have heard Hillary say racist things …they are stupid FOR supporting her.Where is the video showing this. .. young voters don’t realize that she is a Grand Puba Princess  the KKK. . Her mentor was bird. They Democratic Party has been the one for over a hundred years keeping people enslaved and that’s what your welfare is.House keeper printing classified emails and Clinton has good judgement.! Go figure.Does this surprise anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well it is ghetto directed trash music.  Clinton knows how to fuk things up. LolHILLARY IS SO UGLY AND  SHE WOULD NOT BE THE PRESIDENT THAT WE NEED.thank you..I would love to be the Hangman for Her and Bill Clinton!LOL how stupid..she gets bustedas always, killary will get a free pass.
liberals are nothing if not unified. they hate each other behind closed doors, but they march in lockstep to vote.This is proof I’ll be voting Green Party!!
The LORD is in control!!I don’t care for Beyonce or her music but have enough class to never say something like that whether anyone could hear me or not!Hillary is a failure even at her own eventsShe is just as racist as Beyonce.Oh God, her private persona has been leaked again.  I hate when that happens.  She just messed with the Queen B.DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON HILLARHOID, SHE’LL CUT YOUR THROAT, OR STOP PUTTING YOUR MONEY IN HER POCKET SHE’LL TAKE YOU DOWN SOME WAY.Gotta love it!She is a hypocrite right along with Michelle Obama. They are offended by the People’s Choice for President Donald Trump’s locker room word Pussy and yet Tom Jones sings it: What’s New Pussy Cat and then they use Beyonce foul mouth and F words and N words to get people to go and vote for her. She even has Obama committing criminal act telling illegals to vote and they won’t get in trouble…that is a felony also. And she uses the Democrats foundation of KKK against Donald when they are using black lives matter group to cause disturbances at our rallies and that black singer using the F and N for every other word during a concert for Hillary herself. She is a hypocrite.She is such a lovely grant mother type person, trash although I am not a fan of Beyoncé either, but I certainly not kiss her backside then trash her! But the kindly lady (NOT) who wants to be our president has no such qualms! She is trash a traitor, liar, thief and many things America does not know about yet!well..believe it or not, that was not racist….I don’t like that music either..torture to have to sit and listen to it…the ONLY thing I agree with hillary onIs that why JayZ thug hit someone as he was leaving?What is so surprising about this?  Just another one of her “hate tactics” to use and abuse for her so called gain.  Minorities wake up!!  Do you really trust a Jezabel like Hillary!Beyonce and Hillary are some of the most racist people I’ve ever seen.. they both deserve each other and I would rather clean a bathroom with a toothbrush than to support either one of them… we do not need her or any of her blackliesmatter clan….We’ve been trying to tell people for months that Hillary hates America!  ALL Americans!  Beyonce, that goes for you, too.  She is an elitist of the worse kind that goes miles beyond racist or bigot.  You should vote Trump.why is beyonce so shocked I thought all trash stuck together, beyonce is just as bad as Hillary so it like the pot calling the kettle black or in this case negro!Corrections: *to not say and do these things*I think this is funny as hell…oh well she gets a  taste the fruits of Hilary Clinton lap it up baby girl aren’t you proud to support such a wonderful women✌No surprise….except to Beyonce.  Maybe now she will understand who Hillary really is behind her lies.  Not a nice woman and she’s only looking for votes.I doubt this story is true. I do however feel that Killary has just been using everyone, especially Black people in this country to get what she wants most in life. I have never felt that her concern for the plight of Black Americans is real. She moved to Harlem to try to prove to them that she accepts them, but it was just a move to become a Senator from NY. I’ll give it to her for keeping to her strategy.  If her record alone isn’t enough to convince people that she and Bill are just two crooks using the system, there’s nothing anyone can say that will change their mind. Barack Obama said it during the race against her,”Hillary Clinton is a liar, a crook, and has never done anything that she’s promised.”  He further stated that she isn’t fit to be president. I truly feel bad for those who are so geared toward their party that they will let Lucifer in the door.When are people going to “get it”? HILLARY CLINTON IS TRASH!!!No one likes the bitch Beyonce so truth is, Hillary gained thousands of votes…This is a clip from the show.Lol Beyonce.. Who cares? She is ghetto trash… Lmfao what did you expect Beyonce? You side with a liar, you get played..Who knows if this is true or not. I’m just surprised that JZ, ( Who seems to be an intelligent man) what allow himself and his wife to be used at the Democratic Party.Hillary Has bleeding hemroids! Cut her some slack… Bleeding hemroids is no laughing matter! If I knew, of a quick remedy, I would put my finger right on it… that would prepare her to be Potis.PLEASE NO MORE CLINTON CARTEL!  THEY WILL DESTROY THE USA AND LEAVE WITH EVEN MORE MONEY. SHES A LYING MURDERING THIEF.As an American citizen I recognize that the 2nd amendment is important but there is one that is greater, the 1st amendment.  By posting this I am expressing my 1st amendment right.  I hope you will be willing to allow me to express my views freely.  Otherwise you are doing exactly what you claim the government is doing. I have removed anything personally offensive to other  readers therefore I don’t see why you wouldn’t allow it.  Thanks in advance.To all the people on the Trump bandwagon, I have this message for you….wake up and use your brain! All of you spewing hatred over a false story. This is ridiculous. Donald Trump has been playing each and every one of you from the very beginning. Feeding off of your fears in order to win your votes. You are the sheep and he the master manipulator. This man can say absolutely anything and still you believe him. As a matter of fact he HAS said just about any and everything and you have believed him. Just like this story he has been caught in several lies throughout this campaign. It’s like he says whatever he feels is going to sway the most people his way regardless of the truth behind it. He changes his stance and position on topics as the wind blows and you blow right along with it. He rants on social media like an immature toddler and has no self-control at 70 years old!! Yes, he has built a real estate empire but that doesn’t mean he can lead this country. Those are two very different things. He is a character, a TV personality whose ego is so big that he wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He doesn’t have what it takes to lead the country. How foolish are all of you for allowing yourselves to fall for this circus? How do you elect a president that is ignorant regarding foreign policy? How as a woman can you elect a president that has no respect for you or your gender and has proven it time and time again? How as a minority (for the few that plan on voting for him) do you back someone who has no regard for you or your race? It’s not about being PC or sensitive to harsh words and rhetoric.  Listen to what he says.  He has told you exactly who and what he is….so believe him.  As a presidential candidate the man has zero substance. His entire campaign is built on tearing others down, spreading fear, and sheer negativity. He doesn’t have real plans for this country. The campaign slogan he uses “Make America Great Again” was stolen from Ronald Reagan. He is taking your most revered Republican figure and using it to his advantage.  He speaks very vaguely, constantly promising that he is going to fix this or that but never saying how. You are fed up with government but yet are willing to elect someone who is doing the same thing you claim politicians do.  You know why he can’t see how he’ll fix it?…because he doesn’t know how and doesn’t plan to. He just wants to be the most powerful man on the planet…that’s his end game and you are so foolishly his puppets helping him complete his goal. Whether conscious or subconscious, many of you are so blinded by your hatred for OUR president (who happens to be black) that you are willing to vote for the most unqualified candidate probably ever.  Like a cunning fox, he strategically changed his viewpoints on several key issues to align himself with the Republican party because it was his best chance of being nominated…AND IT WORKED!!! He’s probably the first non-Republican to be nominated by the Republican party. My fellow Americans what you are doing is an absolute disgrace and it is extremely sad that you have let him get this far and may get him all the way to the White House. You have been manipulated. You have been lied to. You have been hoodwinked and you have been bamboozled. You cherish your 2nd amendment right to bear arms over everything else and have allowed a con artist to take complete advantage of that. Trump won’t “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. He can’t. He knows there’s no greater America than the present version and is trying to take full advantage. Not convinced, well in what other time could a sleazy, racist, tax-evading, TV personality, with tons of money, no moral compass, and fake Christian values become President of the United States?  None.  Someone who has no government experience, little to no understanding of foreign policy, and no regard for the people of this country? There has never been another time.  No time like the present fellow citizens which is why if Trump is elected president America will never be great again but by the time you realize that it will be too late. Congratulations, by attempting to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”, you may have permanently ruined it for our children and for future generations.  Thanks a bunch.Before you get your panties in a wad, I do not mean for this post to sound as though I dislike America. It is a beautiful place with wonderful people.I am trying to figure out how to get away from the amount of control the government has on my life. Sad part is…There isn’t one….hear me out. I have to have money to do all of the things I need to live because somehow we got tricked into believing these papers and coins are powerful. And even if I bought land and did the homestead thing, I still have to pay taxes, but why? And to whom? And what do they do with the money I am paying them? It seems to me, like I’m making a bunch of crazy people rich while I’m left here wondering where I went wrong in life. (I’ll tell you, nowhere . I’m pretty great okay, some not nice things in my past, but this isn’t about that and I was young.)It seems to me like they just keep saying things like, no you don’t need wells anymore drink city water, and a lot of people do. And then they put fluoride in our water! (I won’t even go into the crisis of the Flint, Michigan water, that is still needing repaired, right? Or the recent pipeline problem.) And instead of trying to use cheaper more efficient fuel they continue to build pipelines through our lands that will poison our natural water sources. Not to mention the other tremendous issues ecologically which will result from not finding new ways.While we let them do it to us!But why? If we buy something from somewhere is it not ours? Then who are they to tell us what we can do on the land that we bought from them?! And why do we pay taxes for them to tell us what to do on property we bought from them?!I had a lot more but I lost where I was going, I’m so infuriated and astonished at what is happening all around me. Not just in America, but the world. (and beyond 👻👽)I’m telling you all if we don’t start to unite they will kill us all. More of us can be born and bred until they figure out how to get robots to be their minions.…..they keep telling me that I am free…….but they tell me what I can put in my body……..they tell me that I  am free… but THEY put stuff in MY body I would not and somehow that is okay…they tell me that I am free…..and they force me to pay for something that was not affordable in the first place, but they can give me a number where if I meet poverty level I won’t be forced to pay the fine for not buying the insurance I already could not afford….they tell me that I am free and they will give me everything I need while making it impossible to access or find out any information on anything…they tell me I am free.#WecanbefreeI don’t get a sound bite on this site; however, it was reported (and disputed on several websites) that Killary said: “I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”Is there any hope for our nation with all the liberal cool-aid drinking people hooked on Hillary’s liesREMEMBER, when you vote today, Hillary, the DNC, the Washington & Hollywood Elites, the Media AND the Obama Administration are COUNTING ON your POLITICAL CORRECTNESS, your INDIFFERENCE, AND your IGNORANCE of their CRIMES, MANIPULATIONS AND LIES!!!   It’s TIME for WE THE PEOPLE to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”  I guess Hillary may have some normal traits.STOP all this hate and learn to love each other, if you don’t like what others say take them out of your life, don’t fill it with hate, if there more love in this world this will make it better for everyone, colour is skin deep, under that, we are all the same, our flesh is red with blood, if yours is different then you came from another planet. Give a strange a hug and be kind to each other.Do black people just believe any bs?








During Friday Night’s Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio, Beyonce’ Knowles, known for her liberal ideals and anti-police rhetoric, was performing a free set for the murderous email queen when she suddenly stopped singing. She turned towards the side of the stage where Hillary was standing and said, “You’re in my earpiece.”Clinton, looking surprised, gave a smile and started clapping. Beyonce’ continued her performance but cut it short after just two songs. She was seen storming off stage and leaving the venue in a limousine shortly thereafter.Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-DestroyingA reporter from the local Parma Gazette asked around and found out from a sound tech that Clinton’s lapel mic was hot and all of the staff were listening when she said:“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”The Clinton campaign refused calls for comment and the roadie who gave the original report is now nowhere to be found. Hopefully his life insurance was up to date.It Was Demorats who started the KKK and they never left it. Time for black people to know you have used for over 50 years and you follow like sheepiesThat’s what Beyoncé gets!!!! LMAO  sorry not sorry for loving this!
And Killary can’t even be happy to get a free concert without being so
rude, I thought she needed the black vote? Guess BL don’t M to HRC!!!Paid them $62 million.  Not exactly free!Nothing matters to HRC except HRCLMAO!Actually hitlery paid them 62mil for the “free” concertIs it rude or did Beyonce deserve it like you imply? Can you make up your mind and whatnot or is this Tourettes?That concert wasn’t free. Campaign funds paid them $65,000,000 to jay z and BeyoncéHillary paid Beyon`ce and her husband $62 million to do this concert….it was not for free!!!http://endingthefed.com/clinton-campaign-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z-62-million-for-cleveland-concert-to-secure-black-votes.htmllmao it wasnt free she paid out 65 mil for that last sec concertThe best think that Beyonce can do is to vote for  Trump and let her know it.That will  make her even madder.LMAO….good enough for both of themI want to understand, why did Black Americans stand at attention, while Obama was talking down to them, as if they were part of a Chain Gang, taking orders from their prison guards? I thought people have freedom of choice, not someone elses ideology. Wake up Black America, the Democrats are playing you for your votes. The could give a crap less about your struggles or difficulties.What black people as if you know all black people, as if you know what all black people think or feel. You don’t know that…. Stop with the assumption. We ate not one mind.Hillary’s use of Jay-Z and other entertainers in a feeble attempt of pandering the minority vote demonstrates her / liberals thoughts regarding minority people of the nation.
If you don’t understand this, Think;
Why can’t she bring to you a message of intellectual value with no question in her mind you’ll understand?
She banks on her thoughts of your ignorance to further her agenda.
Non minority supporters of Hillary should be considered racist pigs for condoning her strategies…not sure what you mean?~ well… ur black ass is DEF. one minded, cuz you can not even fkn spell right…(Lol)  All Hail BLM… B*lack  L*azy  M*onkeys….(LMMF*W*AO)Hey Rev. Bill, talk like that is not going to unite this country.  Please, we have to stop the hate.Rev Bill your a jackass. I was a Trump supporter, but I certainly have no animosity toward the black people in our society.“We ate not one mind”  WOW…. LMAOObama is a white liberal anointed ROYALIST CLASS BLACK OVERSEER OF HIS RACE AND IS DOING HIS STEP N FETCH IT DUTIES TO HIS WHITE LIBERAL MASTERS~~~PERIOD!!!The “white liberal masters” are Jews, not white.I believe that roadie has done his last gig. His name was found on 4 ballots this weekhere is a better analysis of Dem/GOP stands on civil rights. phttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/republicans-party-of-civil-rightsAbsolutely true.AMEN!First get your history right. The Democrats were “Dixicrats” when they formed the KKK, and they are now YOUR KKK!  Black people were no part of the Dixicrats!  Don’t try to give us your white supremistthe dems and republicans have switched positions through the years their beleifs at that time would have made  the democrats republicans now so in other woulds the philosophy than is the same as the present day repulicans ill believe this when i hear it fro BeyonceOh the Ole switcharoo huh? Lmao! So Strom Thurman was the whole democratic party huh? He was the only democrat to switch parties during that time! Wow big switch huh? SMDHHe beyonce there s time to vote TRUMP!I agree!!Time to makes America great again! Vote for Trump!Don’t be fooled you fool. You and your family was poor then, too.Hilly is nothing but trash! I do not see why the Hollywood set are into her when she just uses them for their money and her gain!
Wonder what she says about them when they are not around?Because they are involved in the Illuminati also.The Hollywood set follows Hillary because they live in the same elitist world Hillsry does.  They are completely out of touch with the reality we live in. They are blind to the hypocrisy and corruption in the Democratic Party because it doesn’t touch them.Exactly!idk why she would think she is any different than all the others they use and then toss aside like yesterdays garbage…smdh….i thought she was supposed to be so dam smart….HA….guess that was a lie tooTheir Sheeple, and Killary was probably loaded again!!!Their sheeple? Whose sheeple? Trump or Hillary?Money… They’re paid!Hollywood is owned by Zionists. Just like Hillary.I am a Zionist and I am for Trump!!!I don’t think you understand the term zionist.   “a movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.”Hillary Clinton is definitely NOT in favor of the Jewish nation prospering in their own land no matter what drivel comes out of her mouth.You are full of crap.  She is owned by Soros who hates Israel and Zionists!!!
Get educated!Seriously, get your facts straight, before sending it all out into the population
. The Devil aka, Illuminati,  owns alot of the souls of Actors. Musicians and such.. they sell their souls to the Evil doers and then the become actors , musicians etc. Makes me sick… Obama had a bunch of them to the white house just recently and gave them medals of some sort,  check it out , Obama , Clinton’s,  Soros and some top politicians  in power are all part of this Sick Society of Satan worshippers and child molesters….They are hoping for favors or the ability to rent a night in the Lincoln Bedroom!Because like her, most of those in Hollywood HAVE NO MORALS!When will people learn that the Clintons’ are nothing but users?  They have no respect for anyone,  They use these celebrites to get votes and then talk trash about them.  Sickening..I agreeHope this post opens up the truth of who Clinton really is and what she stands for..HERSELF!Vote Trump..he has your back and your interests too, and will put our America FIRST!!I HOPE BEYONCE  WILL TELL EVERYONE WHAT WAS SAID IT HAD TO HURT HER BAD I AM SOORY FOR BEYONCEI bet, that this would upset Obama and Michelle…Jay-Z is their best friends…Sorry for Beyonce. She doesn’t deserve Respect after what she has said about all Law EnforcementAMEN! She is trash!Yes she took advantage of the superbowl and made her agenda one of hate and violence
She and her dance team were paying homage to The black panthers who are nothing but hate and destruction.Sorry for that police trashing pos! No, nope, I can’t stand the way she acts and what she stands for. As far as Clinton, does this crap actually surprise anybody? She is simple white trash and all she cares about is Hillary and the All Mighty Dollar.I am NOT one bit sorry for Beyoncé! She has been dumb enough to follow that  heating, killing, lying old bat! She should know Hillary is a back-stabber!Ummm, hello! Bernie Sanders got paid hush money. It will be interesting to see how they compensate Beyoncé to keep her quiet. Trump 2016!62 mi!!ion so farBeyonce’ and JZ actually $62,000,000f fir that twi sing ‘concert’ . To draw in tbe black Vote!!Well, when you play with s**t you are going to get it on you. Hope Beyoncé learned from it. Clintons are white trash users.To hell with Beyoncé! That’s what you get for supporting a back stabbing criminal! “F” the clintonsI’M not surprised.  Beyonce is a adequate singer, her dress? is questionable.
I  wouldn’t take b a FREE CD OF HER CRAP MUSICTwo worthless creatures  cut from the same cloth ha haha.How much money did it cost Beyoncé to be there?  That was one expensive lesson.Nothing! She was paid for that. Wonder if 62m is enough to take the beating from hrc words68 million each her and JzHer TRUE side will come out ! !I think it did come out with that comment! She’s a hypocrite!!! And liar and conartist! The epitome of con games!!!Her true side IS out!I just it doesn’t come too late.No surprise Beyonce…please stop following her Hillary and Obama think they are the masters of destruction of theUSA she is using you allllll …Under her watch people are getting seriiusly hurt ..physically.
Please Vote TrumpIt shows Hillary’s hypocrisy, but Beyonce does sing trash.If this is true, it’s a huge beatdown for the Hildabeast! If Beyonce talks about it, or any of the staff that heard her, that’ll blow her black voter bloc right out if the water!and that would be a blessing for sure….#VOTETRUMPHow did you come to that conclusion? Not all black people follow Beyonce.——-  BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HER —– LIKE WE KNOW  (HER)I have kknow her the entire time of her career she has failed at everything she done she got a rapist off through corruption and has done nothing but corruption and sick twisted things her whole life she has sold out the Bengazhi men lives to this very election with nothing but corruption satanic cult to the very selling out of her kid yeah I know killary and I know about the coup of our government that was just countercoup to take her down with all her sick things she has done to America and it’s people.Is anyone Surprised . they don’t care who they useOutstanding  comment! !How can I join your group! I think exactly as u do and want to save this great country from idiot liberals!!!If you are a”deplorable conservative no matter what race or color”Welcome a board!We Deploables stand with TRUMP!!!vote for Trump. It has never been the people campaign, it has been for the ultra wealthy. She has openly said that she is going to raise taxes on us. Obamacare is going up… a lot. They plan to make us a poor 3rd world country. Donald hopes to repair what the last 24 years have done. I hope you can help us give him a chance.Well bouncy when will you and your moronic friends get it ? HILLARY AND BILL don’t like niggas and Jews they are only a means to an end !!!!!!!!They don’t like Catholics eitherOr AmericansGot that right..all of you…Totally uncalled forAmerica will be sold out,the hour is at hand,and she has already turned Her back on God and the only thing left is judgementThe bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like the is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your  eyes  you still have time to save yourselves .The bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like She is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your eyes you still have time to save yourselves .The Clintons are evil ungodly pos…   Moses led his people (slaves) out of bondage of Egypt and AFTER he parted the waters and let GOD’S persecuted people thru, GOD let waters flow back and kill the bad guys that had enslaved God/Moses people.  Clintons just wanted Beyonce to get black people vote before they let the waters come back through.  They are the bad guysKevin, you make a good point! Let’s hope her users open their eyes if they haven’t already voted for the Queen!Now maybe she will see Trump is the best choice Killarney is TRASHHow much were you paid?Hollywood is the straw that stirs the drink for TRAsH LIKE the Clintons, Obama and George SarosYeah, my bro and I was there. That look in Beyonce eye boyee dat shit was NASTY at HILLARY!Gave her the stink eye and stank face!!HEY YOU NEED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW IT WAS TRUE SO THEY DON’T VOTE FOR hILLARY THAT WAS WRONG WHAT SHE SAID ABOUT BEYONCEAnd that ladies and gentlemen is a racist that wants to be your President. Wake up folks and vote Trump.is there video of this?Can’t seem to find one. Which song was it?I hope this is true. Would love to watch the libtardian left  tearing themselves apart…..And this is to prove what? There is no audio or video evidence to corroborate the story. Just a right wing “reporter” (and I use that term loosely)  with a fantastical story idea which isn’t original. Simply took what happened with Trump and his hot mic (whice had evidence) and trying to turn it on Clinton. This isn’t news. It’s fallacy, and not done well at all. Lazy reporting.You’re one of those idiots, believe everything they say about Trump but all the dirt on Hillary is just right-wing blather and lies. I’ll hit you up next time I need to count sheep.HAHAHAAnd what evidence do you have that it’s false? Beyonce did stop in the song and Beyonce did take after only two songs without further adieu. So you don’t believe this story but rather have Hillary make a fool out of youDo you know all or just can’t stand the truth? Wise up , Clinton is a user , she got caught , it’s not the first time.But it’s like something she would say!!Daniel, maybe its time to pull your head out of your ass!Beyonce, tell me she did not!  I don’t put nothing pass
 the Really Rottens!!!! sorry mf’s!I see any (polite) dissenting comment gets held for moderation then deleted. How liberal of you.Just hadn’t been moderated yet. We have a small team.Really? Because I’ve read several already.Sorry this is b.s. I watched the show and nobody stormed off stage Beyonce was hugging Hilary and handed her the mic before kissing her and calmy walked off stage with her husband. It’s amazing the roadie couldn’t be found after his bogus claim!That’s what i saw on the video…I’d be glad for someone to provide video evidence to the contrary!!She hasn’t learned to keep her big mouth shut yet.But Beyoncé still preformed her services for the racist murderer without defending her music or her people didn’t she.For once Hillary was being truthful! Why was the pole dancer even there?Well that’s one time she didn’t lieHaha. So true!she and her subservient  ilk always been  slaves for fat*ss clinton and that ain’t gonna change.She uses Ppl. like no one else !.She hates Minorities until election day !In the Beyonce story, don’t mean to be picky but correct spelling is WHOAWell it surely is crap pseudo music.There ya go!  Just goes to show you Beyonce that you are just another Negro to her even if you sold your soul to the devilI doubt it is true.Done you twos heard it and was you two sittin to gether?How many times does this have to happen before they realize the ruthless person they are bowing and scraping too..about time they find out.So damn funny and fitting! Maybe now these”artists”and I use the term loosely,will finally realize what a piece of scum Hillery is.I can’t stand Hillary, but let’s not be like her and the Dem’s media, I want to hear her own voice saying these things. any person of reasonable intelligence in either party, should want to see & hear real proof of wrong doing.AgreeWow what a ungrateful witch !! There is something wrong with her, she is fake as hell.MAYBE PEOPLE WILL START REALIZING HILLARY DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THEM….IT’S ALL FOR HER POLITICAL GAIN AND SHE WILL SAY AND DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!  WE CANNOT HAVE HER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN!!!!The Clintons have,always been for themselves. All the money in the Clinton Foundation  was put there by donors,TO the Clintons for a “charityfoundation” ..which turns out the money from the Foundation is used as their personal “bank account” to use the money for their own family…Busted as the hypocritical, pathological-psychotic thief and traitor she is.THAT WAS THE REAL HILLARY,THE BLACK COMMUNITY HAS BEEN KIDDING IT’S SELF FOR DECADES THINKING THE DEMOCRATS WERE WITH THEM , FOR THEM. DEMOCRATS ARE WHAT BLACKS SHOULD CALL THE ANTI-AMERICAN RACIST PARTY. THE D.N.C. HAS HAD A HATETRED FOR BLACKS FOR 150 YRS AND WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP THEM UNDER THEIR THUMP AND DOWN ON THE PLANTATION. IT’S TIME FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY TO PULL THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS OUT OF THE SAND AND TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL DEMOCRATS, ‘CAUSE IF THEY DON’T THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT #’S WILL EXPLODE  AND POVERTY WILL EXPLODE….THAT’S DEMOCRAT BIG GOVERNMENT CONTROL. CLINTON IS BIG GOVERNMENT ,IS AN ELITIST,IS A RACIST,AND DID TAKE CAMPAIGN FUNDS FROM THEIR BABY THE K.K.K. FREEDOM FROM DEMOCTAT CONTROL IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP.Pop diesel..agree with your post 100%!!  Ok if we borrow it and share??So Jay Z and Beyonce conduct a FREE concert for Hillary Clinton.. Hum.. Yet Donald Trump stands alone with JUST his 15,000 supporters, who came for JUST Trump.. no help form the so called “star power”!! And let’s not forget his republican party.. Talk about weak!!
I personally find it very insulting that Hillary Clinton thinks so low of the black community, she plays them for a fool and thinks they are down right stupid! I hope you all enjoyed the FREE concert she supplied you with. Because that ALL she will do for you!
Think about this, Hillary Clinton thinks that the only way black people will ever understand the election process and the fact that they should even vote, period…is to use the words FREE and WELFARE. Hillary has purposely bound a large percentage of the black community in a vice, locked them down and they are under her sick control!
GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!! DON’T BELIEVE THE SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN THEY SAY “THERE IS NO WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN, HE HAS A NARROW PATH” it’s all mind control.. they want us to feel there is no point to go out and vote if SHE is going to win anyway!! GO OUT AND VOTE!!! Bring your family and friends, tell your coworkers to through their kids in the mini van and get to the polls!!
Beyonce.. put that fist up.. you know, the one you display so proudly in honor for the black panthers.. and punch yourself right in the mouth with it!
Whoever your voting for just GO VOTE!!I agree, Missy.  Free stuff.  I saw a clip from the show and Hillary was yet again offensive after JZ and his crew did a horrific, violent rap that called women bitches and hoes and talk about drugs and killin niggas – oh yes, and hoes.  She was euphoric as she clapped at the end shouting happily, “THIS IS YOU, AMERICA!  THIS IS WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT!” All the people clapped and shouted approval.  Really people?  She likes to pander to black people with a tremendous disconnect.  She actually believes black people are all gangsta… and ignorant.
Meanwhile, Trump STILL had more people at his rallies without free food and free concert tickets.  I hope those people had a good time and then vote trump anyway.Even Left lib’d can’t say it’s ok for what Hillary did! Truthful who the hell want a EVIL👺LYING MURERING WITCH I’ll NEVER FORGET BENGHAZI!She is always flapping her yap! Why more people haven’t caught on is beyond me?  I find it rather amusing, how stupid her minions truly are…Why there isn’t more truth from HRC’s *#@&^%! garbage gutter mouth???  It’s because HilLiarY does not allow anyone in her presence to have a cell phone.http://www.mediazone.news/index.php/2016/11/04/every-american-will-
salute-with-pride-nypd-announces-they-are-preparing-to-arrest-
hillary-clinton-on-pedophilia-and-treason-charges/#comment-1385Let’s get on with it!Clinton doesn’t even know how NOT to bite a gift horse in the mouth!! What a stupid, arrogant, hateful person – couldn’t she have just enjoyed the show?The real Hillary just opened her racist bigoted mouth. Go figure!Ooops, the only time Hillary doesn’t lie is when she thinks no one is listening.Go 4 it .Hillary will bust it wide openThey deserved each other .You and your man are always welcome on the Trump train!!!! We one big happy family!! No we are not racist!!Hillary is smarter than B…and Z….But not T…Trump….the blacks have heard Hillary say racist things …they are stupid FOR supporting her.Where is the video showing this. .. young voters don’t realize that she is a Grand Puba Princess  the KKK. . Her mentor was bird. They Democratic Party has been the one for over a hundred years keeping people enslaved and that’s what your welfare is.House keeper printing classified emails and Clinton has good judgement.! Go figure.Does this surprise anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well it is ghetto directed trash music.  Clinton knows how to fuk things up. LolHILLARY IS SO UGLY AND  SHE WOULD NOT BE THE PRESIDENT THAT WE NEED.thank you..I would love to be the Hangman for Her and Bill Clinton!LOL how stupid..she gets bustedas always, killary will get a free pass.
liberals are nothing if not unified. they hate each other behind closed doors, but they march in lockstep to vote.This is proof I’ll be voting Green Party!!
The LORD is in control!!I don’t care for Beyonce or her music but have enough class to never say something like that whether anyone could hear me or not!Hillary is a failure even at her own eventsShe is just as racist as Beyonce.Oh God, her private persona has been leaked again.  I hate when that happens.  She just messed with the Queen B.DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON HILLARHOID, SHE’LL CUT YOUR THROAT, OR STOP PUTTING YOUR MONEY IN HER POCKET SHE’LL TAKE YOU DOWN SOME WAY.Gotta love it!She is a hypocrite right along with Michelle Obama. They are offended by the People’s Choice for President Donald Trump’s locker room word Pussy and yet Tom Jones sings it: What’s New Pussy Cat and then they use Beyonce foul mouth and F words and N words to get people to go and vote for her. She even has Obama committing criminal act telling illegals to vote and they won’t get in trouble…that is a felony also. And she uses the Democrats foundation of KKK against Donald when they are using black lives matter group to cause disturbances at our rallies and that black singer using the F and N for every other word during a concert for Hillary herself. She is a hypocrite.She is such a lovely grant mother type person, trash although I am not a fan of Beyoncé either, but I certainly not kiss her backside then trash her! But the kindly lady (NOT) who wants to be our president has no such qualms! She is trash a traitor, liar, thief and many things America does not know about yet!well..believe it or not, that was not racist….I don’t like that music either..torture to have to sit and listen to it…the ONLY thing I agree with hillary onIs that why JayZ thug hit someone as he was leaving?What is so surprising about this?  Just another one of her “hate tactics” to use and abuse for her so called gain.  Minorities wake up!!  Do you really trust a Jezabel like Hillary!Beyonce and Hillary are some of the most racist people I’ve ever seen.. they both deserve each other and I would rather clean a bathroom with a toothbrush than to support either one of them… we do not need her or any of her blackliesmatter clan….We’ve been trying to tell people for months that Hillary hates America!  ALL Americans!  Beyonce, that goes for you, too.  She is an elitist of the worse kind that goes miles beyond racist or bigot.  You should vote Trump.why is beyonce so shocked I thought all trash stuck together, beyonce is just as bad as Hillary so it like the pot calling the kettle black or in this case negro!Corrections: *to not say and do these things*I think this is funny as hell…oh well she gets a  taste the fruits of Hilary Clinton lap it up baby girl aren’t you proud to support such a wonderful women✌No surprise….except to Beyonce.  Maybe now she will understand who Hillary really is behind her lies.  Not a nice woman and she’s only looking for votes.I doubt this story is true. I do however feel that Killary has just been using everyone, especially Black people in this country to get what she wants most in life. I have never felt that her concern for the plight of Black Americans is real. She moved to Harlem to try to prove to them that she accepts them, but it was just a move to become a Senator from NY. I’ll give it to her for keeping to her strategy.  If her record alone isn’t enough to convince people that she and Bill are just two crooks using the system, there’s nothing anyone can say that will change their mind. Barack Obama said it during the race against her,”Hillary Clinton is a liar, a crook, and has never done anything that she’s promised.”  He further stated that she isn’t fit to be president. I truly feel bad for those who are so geared toward their party that they will let Lucifer in the door.When are people going to “get it”? HILLARY CLINTON IS TRASH!!!No one likes the bitch Beyonce so truth is, Hillary gained thousands of votes…This is a clip from the show.Lol Beyonce.. Who cares? She is ghetto trash… Lmfao what did you expect Beyonce? You side with a liar, you get played..Who knows if this is true or not. I’m just surprised that JZ, ( Who seems to be an intelligent man) what allow himself and his wife to be used at the Democratic Party.Hillary Has bleeding hemroids! Cut her some slack… Bleeding hemroids is no laughing matter! If I knew, of a quick remedy, I would put my finger right on it… that would prepare her to be Potis.PLEASE NO MORE CLINTON CARTEL!  THEY WILL DESTROY THE USA AND LEAVE WITH EVEN MORE MONEY. SHES A LYING MURDERING THIEF.As an American citizen I recognize that the 2nd amendment is important but there is one that is greater, the 1st amendment.  By posting this I am expressing my 1st amendment right.  I hope you will be willing to allow me to express my views freely.  Otherwise you are doing exactly what you claim the government is doing. I have removed anything personally offensive to other  readers therefore I don’t see why you wouldn’t allow it.  Thanks in advance.To all the people on the Trump bandwagon, I have this message for you….wake up and use your brain! All of you spewing hatred over a false story. This is ridiculous. Donald Trump has been playing each and every one of you from the very beginning. Feeding off of your fears in order to win your votes. You are the sheep and he the master manipulator. This man can say absolutely anything and still you believe him. As a matter of fact he HAS said just about any and everything and you have believed him. Just like this story he has been caught in several lies throughout this campaign. It’s like he says whatever he feels is going to sway the most people his way regardless of the truth behind it. He changes his stance and position on topics as the wind blows and you blow right along with it. He rants on social media like an immature toddler and has no self-control at 70 years old!! Yes, he has built a real estate empire but that doesn’t mean he can lead this country. Those are two very different things. He is a character, a TV personality whose ego is so big that he wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He doesn’t have what it takes to lead the country. How foolish are all of you for allowing yourselves to fall for this circus? How do you elect a president that is ignorant regarding foreign policy? How as a woman can you elect a president that has no respect for you or your gender and has proven it time and time again? How as a minority (for the few that plan on voting for him) do you back someone who has no regard for you or your race? It’s not about being PC or sensitive to harsh words and rhetoric.  Listen to what he says.  He has told you exactly who and what he is….so believe him.  As a presidential candidate the man has zero substance. His entire campaign is built on tearing others down, spreading fear, and sheer negativity. He doesn’t have real plans for this country. The campaign slogan he uses “Make America Great Again” was stolen from Ronald Reagan. He is taking your most revered Republican figure and using it to his advantage.  He speaks very vaguely, constantly promising that he is going to fix this or that but never saying how. You are fed up with government but yet are willing to elect someone who is doing the same thing you claim politicians do.  You know why he can’t see how he’ll fix it?…because he doesn’t know how and doesn’t plan to. He just wants to be the most powerful man on the planet…that’s his end game and you are so foolishly his puppets helping him complete his goal. Whether conscious or subconscious, many of you are so blinded by your hatred for OUR president (who happens to be black) that you are willing to vote for the most unqualified candidate probably ever.  Like a cunning fox, he strategically changed his viewpoints on several key issues to align himself with the Republican party because it was his best chance of being nominated…AND IT WORKED!!! He’s probably the first non-Republican to be nominated by the Republican party. My fellow Americans what you are doing is an absolute disgrace and it is extremely sad that you have let him get this far and may get him all the way to the White House. You have been manipulated. You have been lied to. You have been hoodwinked and you have been bamboozled. You cherish your 2nd amendment right to bear arms over everything else and have allowed a con artist to take complete advantage of that. Trump won’t “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. He can’t. He knows there’s no greater America than the present version and is trying to take full advantage. Not convinced, well in what other time could a sleazy, racist, tax-evading, TV personality, with tons of money, no moral compass, and fake Christian values become President of the United States?  None.  Someone who has no government experience, little to no understanding of foreign policy, and no regard for the people of this country? There has never been another time.  No time like the present fellow citizens which is why if Trump is elected president America will never be great again but by the time you realize that it will be too late. Congratulations, by attempting to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”, you may have permanently ruined it for our children and for future generations.  Thanks a bunch.Before you get your panties in a wad, I do not mean for this post to sound as though I dislike America. It is a beautiful place with wonderful people.I am trying to figure out how to get away from the amount of control the government has on my life. Sad part is…There isn’t one….hear me out. I have to have money to do all of the things I need to live because somehow we got tricked into believing these papers and coins are powerful. And even if I bought land and did the homestead thing, I still have to pay taxes, but why? And to whom? And what do they do with the money I am paying them? It seems to me, like I’m making a bunch of crazy people rich while I’m left here wondering where I went wrong in life. (I’ll tell you, nowhere . I’m pretty great okay, some not nice things in my past, but this isn’t about that and I was young.)It seems to me like they just keep saying things like, no you don’t need wells anymore drink city water, and a lot of people do. And then they put fluoride in our water! (I won’t even go into the crisis of the Flint, Michigan water, that is still needing repaired, right? Or the recent pipeline problem.) And instead of trying to use cheaper more efficient fuel they continue to build pipelines through our lands that will poison our natural water sources. Not to mention the other tremendous issues ecologically which will result from not finding new ways.While we let them do it to us!But why? If we buy something from somewhere is it not ours? Then who are they to tell us what we can do on the land that we bought from them?! And why do we pay taxes for them to tell us what to do on property we bought from them?!I had a lot more but I lost where I was going, I’m so infuriated and astonished at what is happening all around me. Not just in America, but the world. (and beyond 👻👽)I’m telling you all if we don’t start to unite they will kill us all. More of us can be born and bred until they figure out how to get robots to be their minions.…..they keep telling me that I am free…….but they tell me what I can put in my body……..they tell me that I  am free… but THEY put stuff in MY body I would not and somehow that is okay…they tell me that I am free…..and they force me to pay for something that was not affordable in the first place, but they can give me a number where if I meet poverty level I won’t be forced to pay the fine for not buying the insurance I already could not afford….they tell me that I am free and they will give me everything I need while making it impossible to access or find out any information on anything…they tell me I am free.#WecanbefreeI don’t get a sound bite on this site; however, it was reported (and disputed on several websites) that Killary said: “I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”Is there any hope for our nation with all the liberal cool-aid drinking people hooked on Hillary’s liesREMEMBER, when you vote today, Hillary, the DNC, the Washington & Hollywood Elites, the Media AND the Obama Administration are COUNTING ON your POLITICAL CORRECTNESS, your INDIFFERENCE, AND your IGNORANCE of their CRIMES, MANIPULATIONS AND LIES!!!   It’s TIME for WE THE PEOPLE to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”  I guess Hillary may have some normal traits.STOP all this hate and learn to love each other, if you don’t like what others say take them out of your life, don’t fill it with hate, if there more love in this world this will make it better for everyone, colour is skin deep, under that, we are all the same, our flesh is red with blood, if yours is different then you came from another planet. Give a strange a hug and be kind to each other.Do black people just believe any bs?








During Friday Night’s Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio, Beyonce’ Knowles, known for her liberal ideals and anti-police rhetoric, was performing a free set for the murderous email queen when she suddenly stopped singing. She turned towards the side of the stage where Hillary was standing and said, “You’re in my earpiece.”Clinton, looking surprised, gave a smile and started clapping. Beyonce’ continued her performance but cut it short after just two songs. She was seen storming off stage and leaving the venue in a limousine shortly thereafter.Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-DestroyingA reporter from the local Parma Gazette asked around and found out from a sound tech that Clinton’s lapel mic was hot and all of the staff were listening when she said:“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”The Clinton campaign refused calls for comment and the roadie who gave the original report is now nowhere to be found. Hopefully his life insurance was up to date.It Was Demorats who started the KKK and they never left it. Time for black people to know you have used for over 50 years and you follow like sheepiesThat’s what Beyoncé gets!!!! LMAO  sorry not sorry for loving this!
And Killary can’t even be happy to get a free concert without being so
rude, I thought she needed the black vote? Guess BL don’t M to HRC!!!Paid them $62 million.  Not exactly free!Nothing matters to HRC except HRCLMAO!Actually hitlery paid them 62mil for the “free” concertIs it rude or did Beyonce deserve it like you imply? Can you make up your mind and whatnot or is this Tourettes?That concert wasn’t free. Campaign funds paid them $65,000,000 to jay z and BeyoncéHillary paid Beyon`ce and her husband $62 million to do this concert….it was not for free!!!http://endingthefed.com/clinton-campaign-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z-62-million-for-cleveland-concert-to-secure-black-votes.htmllmao it wasnt free she paid out 65 mil for that last sec concertThe best think that Beyonce can do is to vote for  Trump and let her know it.That will  make her even madder.LMAO….good enough for both of themI want to understand, why did Black Americans stand at attention, while Obama was talking down to them, as if they were part of a Chain Gang, taking orders from their prison guards? I thought people have freedom of choice, not someone elses ideology. Wake up Black America, the Democrats are playing you for your votes. The could give a crap less about your struggles or difficulties.What black people as if you know all black people, as if you know what all black people think or feel. You don’t know that…. Stop with the assumption. We ate not one mind.Hillary’s use of Jay-Z and other entertainers in a feeble attempt of pandering the minority vote demonstrates her / liberals thoughts regarding minority people of the nation.
If you don’t understand this, Think;
Why can’t she bring to you a message of intellectual value with no question in her mind you’ll understand?
She banks on her thoughts of your ignorance to further her agenda.
Non minority supporters of Hillary should be considered racist pigs for condoning her strategies…not sure what you mean?~ well… ur black ass is DEF. one minded, cuz you can not even fkn spell right…(Lol)  All Hail BLM… B*lack  L*azy  M*onkeys….(LMMF*W*AO)Hey Rev. Bill, talk like that is not going to unite this country.  Please, we have to stop the hate.Rev Bill your a jackass. I was a Trump supporter, but I certainly have no animosity toward the black people in our society.“We ate not one mind”  WOW…. LMAOObama is a white liberal anointed ROYALIST CLASS BLACK OVERSEER OF HIS RACE AND IS DOING HIS STEP N FETCH IT DUTIES TO HIS WHITE LIBERAL MASTERS~~~PERIOD!!!The “white liberal masters” are Jews, not white.I believe that roadie has done his last gig. His name was found on 4 ballots this weekhere is a better analysis of Dem/GOP stands on civil rights. phttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/republicans-party-of-civil-rightsAbsolutely true.AMEN!First get your history right. The Democrats were “Dixicrats” when they formed the KKK, and they are now YOUR KKK!  Black people were no part of the Dixicrats!  Don’t try to give us your white supremistthe dems and republicans have switched positions through the years their beleifs at that time would have made  the democrats republicans now so in other woulds the philosophy than is the same as the present day repulicans ill believe this when i hear it fro BeyonceOh the Ole switcharoo huh? Lmao! So Strom Thurman was the whole democratic party huh? He was the only democrat to switch parties during that time! Wow big switch huh? SMDHHe beyonce there s time to vote TRUMP!I agree!!Time to makes America great again! Vote for Trump!Don’t be fooled you fool. You and your family was poor then, too.Hilly is nothing but trash! I do not see why the Hollywood set are into her when she just uses them for their money and her gain!
Wonder what she says about them when they are not around?Because they are involved in the Illuminati also.The Hollywood set follows Hillary because they live in the same elitist world Hillsry does.  They are completely out of touch with the reality we live in. They are blind to the hypocrisy and corruption in the Democratic Party because it doesn’t touch them.Exactly!idk why she would think she is any different than all the others they use and then toss aside like yesterdays garbage…smdh….i thought she was supposed to be so dam smart….HA….guess that was a lie tooTheir Sheeple, and Killary was probably loaded again!!!Their sheeple? Whose sheeple? Trump or Hillary?Money… They’re paid!Hollywood is owned by Zionists. Just like Hillary.I am a Zionist and I am for Trump!!!I don’t think you understand the term zionist.   “a movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.”Hillary Clinton is definitely NOT in favor of the Jewish nation prospering in their own land no matter what drivel comes out of her mouth.You are full of crap.  She is owned by Soros who hates Israel and Zionists!!!
Get educated!Seriously, get your facts straight, before sending it all out into the population
. The Devil aka, Illuminati,  owns alot of the souls of Actors. Musicians and such.. they sell their souls to the Evil doers and then the become actors , musicians etc. Makes me sick… Obama had a bunch of them to the white house just recently and gave them medals of some sort,  check it out , Obama , Clinton’s,  Soros and some top politicians  in power are all part of this Sick Society of Satan worshippers and child molesters….They are hoping for favors or the ability to rent a night in the Lincoln Bedroom!Because like her, most of those in Hollywood HAVE NO MORALS!When will people learn that the Clintons’ are nothing but users?  They have no respect for anyone,  They use these celebrites to get votes and then talk trash about them.  Sickening..I agreeHope this post opens up the truth of who Clinton really is and what she stands for..HERSELF!Vote Trump..he has your back and your interests too, and will put our America FIRST!!I HOPE BEYONCE  WILL TELL EVERYONE WHAT WAS SAID IT HAD TO HURT HER BAD I AM SOORY FOR BEYONCEI bet, that this would upset Obama and Michelle…Jay-Z is their best friends…Sorry for Beyonce. She doesn’t deserve Respect after what she has said about all Law EnforcementAMEN! She is trash!Yes she took advantage of the superbowl and made her agenda one of hate and violence
She and her dance team were paying homage to The black panthers who are nothing but hate and destruction.Sorry for that police trashing pos! No, nope, I can’t stand the way she acts and what she stands for. As far as Clinton, does this crap actually surprise anybody? She is simple white trash and all she cares about is Hillary and the All Mighty Dollar.I am NOT one bit sorry for Beyoncé! She has been dumb enough to follow that  heating, killing, lying old bat! She should know Hillary is a back-stabber!Ummm, hello! Bernie Sanders got paid hush money. It will be interesting to see how they compensate Beyoncé to keep her quiet. Trump 2016!62 mi!!ion so farBeyonce’ and JZ actually $62,000,000f fir that twi sing ‘concert’ . To draw in tbe black Vote!!Well, when you play with s**t you are going to get it on you. Hope Beyoncé learned from it. Clintons are white trash users.To hell with Beyoncé! That’s what you get for supporting a back stabbing criminal! “F” the clintonsI’M not surprised.  Beyonce is a adequate singer, her dress? is questionable.
I  wouldn’t take b a FREE CD OF HER CRAP MUSICTwo worthless creatures  cut from the same cloth ha haha.How much money did it cost Beyoncé to be there?  That was one expensive lesson.Nothing! She was paid for that. Wonder if 62m is enough to take the beating from hrc words68 million each her and JzHer TRUE side will come out ! !I think it did come out with that comment! She’s a hypocrite!!! And liar and conartist! The epitome of con games!!!Her true side IS out!I just it doesn’t come too late.No surprise Beyonce…please stop following her Hillary and Obama think they are the masters of destruction of theUSA she is using you allllll …Under her watch people are getting seriiusly hurt ..physically.
Please Vote TrumpIt shows Hillary’s hypocrisy, but Beyonce does sing trash.If this is true, it’s a huge beatdown for the Hildabeast! If Beyonce talks about it, or any of the staff that heard her, that’ll blow her black voter bloc right out if the water!and that would be a blessing for sure….#VOTETRUMPHow did you come to that conclusion? Not all black people follow Beyonce.——-  BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HER —– LIKE WE KNOW  (HER)I have kknow her the entire time of her career she has failed at everything she done she got a rapist off through corruption and has done nothing but corruption and sick twisted things her whole life she has sold out the Bengazhi men lives to this very election with nothing but corruption satanic cult to the very selling out of her kid yeah I know killary and I know about the coup of our government that was just countercoup to take her down with all her sick things she has done to America and it’s people.Is anyone Surprised . they don’t care who they useOutstanding  comment! !How can I join your group! I think exactly as u do and want to save this great country from idiot liberals!!!If you are a”deplorable conservative no matter what race or color”Welcome a board!We Deploables stand with TRUMP!!!vote for Trump. It has never been the people campaign, it has been for the ultra wealthy. She has openly said that she is going to raise taxes on us. Obamacare is going up… a lot. They plan to make us a poor 3rd world country. Donald hopes to repair what the last 24 years have done. I hope you can help us give him a chance.Well bouncy when will you and your moronic friends get it ? HILLARY AND BILL don’t like niggas and Jews they are only a means to an end !!!!!!!!They don’t like Catholics eitherOr AmericansGot that right..all of you…Totally uncalled forAmerica will be sold out,the hour is at hand,and she has already turned Her back on God and the only thing left is judgementThe bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like the is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your  eyes  you still have time to save yourselves .The bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like She is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your eyes you still have time to save yourselves .The Clintons are evil ungodly pos…   Moses led his people (slaves) out of bondage of Egypt and AFTER he parted the waters and let GOD’S persecuted people thru, GOD let waters flow back and kill the bad guys that had enslaved God/Moses people.  Clintons just wanted Beyonce to get black people vote before they let the waters come back through.  They are the bad guysKevin, you make a good point! Let’s hope her users open their eyes if they haven’t already voted for the Queen!Now maybe she will see Trump is the best choice Killarney is TRASHHow much were you paid?Hollywood is the straw that stirs the drink for TRAsH LIKE the Clintons, Obama and George SarosYeah, my bro and I was there. That look in Beyonce eye boyee dat shit was NASTY at HILLARY!Gave her the stink eye and stank face!!HEY YOU NEED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW IT WAS TRUE SO THEY DON’T VOTE FOR hILLARY THAT WAS WRONG WHAT SHE SAID ABOUT BEYONCEAnd that ladies and gentlemen is a racist that wants to be your President. Wake up folks and vote Trump.is there video of this?Can’t seem to find one. Which song was it?I hope this is true. Would love to watch the libtardian left  tearing themselves apart…..And this is to prove what? There is no audio or video evidence to corroborate the story. Just a right wing “reporter” (and I use that term loosely)  with a fantastical story idea which isn’t original. Simply took what happened with Trump and his hot mic (whice had evidence) and trying to turn it on Clinton. This isn’t news. It’s fallacy, and not done well at all. Lazy reporting.You’re one of those idiots, believe everything they say about Trump but all the dirt on Hillary is just right-wing blather and lies. I’ll hit you up next time I need to count sheep.HAHAHAAnd what evidence do you have that it’s false? Beyonce did stop in the song and Beyonce did take after only two songs without further adieu. So you don’t believe this story but rather have Hillary make a fool out of youDo you know all or just can’t stand the truth? Wise up , Clinton is a user , she got caught , it’s not the first time.But it’s like something she would say!!Daniel, maybe its time to pull your head out of your ass!Beyonce, tell me she did not!  I don’t put nothing pass
 the Really Rottens!!!! sorry mf’s!I see any (polite) dissenting comment gets held for moderation then deleted. How liberal of you.Just hadn’t been moderated yet. We have a small team.Really? Because I’ve read several already.Sorry this is b.s. I watched the show and nobody stormed off stage Beyonce was hugging Hilary and handed her the mic before kissing her and calmy walked off stage with her husband. It’s amazing the roadie couldn’t be found after his bogus claim!That’s what i saw on the video…I’d be glad for someone to provide video evidence to the contrary!!She hasn’t learned to keep her big mouth shut yet.But Beyoncé still preformed her services for the racist murderer without defending her music or her people didn’t she.For once Hillary was being truthful! Why was the pole dancer even there?Well that’s one time she didn’t lieHaha. So true!she and her subservient  ilk always been  slaves for fat*ss clinton and that ain’t gonna change.She uses Ppl. like no one else !.She hates Minorities until election day !In the Beyonce story, don’t mean to be picky but correct spelling is WHOAWell it surely is crap pseudo music.There ya go!  Just goes to show you Beyonce that you are just another Negro to her even if you sold your soul to the devilI doubt it is true.Done you twos heard it and was you two sittin to gether?How many times does this have to happen before they realize the ruthless person they are bowing and scraping too..about time they find out.So damn funny and fitting! Maybe now these”artists”and I use the term loosely,will finally realize what a piece of scum Hillery is.I can’t stand Hillary, but let’s not be like her and the Dem’s media, I want to hear her own voice saying these things. any person of reasonable intelligence in either party, should want to see & hear real proof of wrong doing.AgreeWow what a ungrateful witch !! There is something wrong with her, she is fake as hell.MAYBE PEOPLE WILL START REALIZING HILLARY DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THEM….IT’S ALL FOR HER POLITICAL GAIN AND SHE WILL SAY AND DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!  WE CANNOT HAVE HER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN!!!!The Clintons have,always been for themselves. All the money in the Clinton Foundation  was put there by donors,TO the Clintons for a “charityfoundation” ..which turns out the money from the Foundation is used as their personal “bank account” to use the money for their own family…Busted as the hypocritical, pathological-psychotic thief and traitor she is.THAT WAS THE REAL HILLARY,THE BLACK COMMUNITY HAS BEEN KIDDING IT’S SELF FOR DECADES THINKING THE DEMOCRATS WERE WITH THEM , FOR THEM. DEMOCRATS ARE WHAT BLACKS SHOULD CALL THE ANTI-AMERICAN RACIST PARTY. THE D.N.C. HAS HAD A HATETRED FOR BLACKS FOR 150 YRS AND WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP THEM UNDER THEIR THUMP AND DOWN ON THE PLANTATION. IT’S TIME FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY TO PULL THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS OUT OF THE SAND AND TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL DEMOCRATS, ‘CAUSE IF THEY DON’T THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT #’S WILL EXPLODE  AND POVERTY WILL EXPLODE….THAT’S DEMOCRAT BIG GOVERNMENT CONTROL. CLINTON IS BIG GOVERNMENT ,IS AN ELITIST,IS A RACIST,AND DID TAKE CAMPAIGN FUNDS FROM THEIR BABY THE K.K.K. FREEDOM FROM DEMOCTAT CONTROL IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP.Pop diesel..agree with your post 100%!!  Ok if we borrow it and share??So Jay Z and Beyonce conduct a FREE concert for Hillary Clinton.. Hum.. Yet Donald Trump stands alone with JUST his 15,000 supporters, who came for JUST Trump.. no help form the so called “star power”!! And let’s not forget his republican party.. Talk about weak!!
I personally find it very insulting that Hillary Clinton thinks so low of the black community, she plays them for a fool and thinks they are down right stupid! I hope you all enjoyed the FREE concert she supplied you with. Because that ALL she will do for you!
Think about this, Hillary Clinton thinks that the only way black people will ever understand the election process and the fact that they should even vote, period…is to use the words FREE and WELFARE. Hillary has purposely bound a large percentage of the black community in a vice, locked them down and they are under her sick control!
GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!! DON’T BELIEVE THE SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN THEY SAY “THERE IS NO WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN, HE HAS A NARROW PATH” it’s all mind control.. they want us to feel there is no point to go out and vote if SHE is going to win anyway!! GO OUT AND VOTE!!! Bring your family and friends, tell your coworkers to through their kids in the mini van and get to the polls!!
Beyonce.. put that fist up.. you know, the one you display so proudly in honor for the black panthers.. and punch yourself right in the mouth with it!
Whoever your voting for just GO VOTE!!I agree, Missy.  Free stuff.  I saw a clip from the show and Hillary was yet again offensive after JZ and his crew did a horrific, violent rap that called women bitches and hoes and talk about drugs and killin niggas – oh yes, and hoes.  She was euphoric as she clapped at the end shouting happily, “THIS IS YOU, AMERICA!  THIS IS WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT!” All the people clapped and shouted approval.  Really people?  She likes to pander to black people with a tremendous disconnect.  She actually believes black people are all gangsta… and ignorant.
Meanwhile, Trump STILL had more people at his rallies without free food and free concert tickets.  I hope those people had a good time and then vote trump anyway.Even Left lib’d can’t say it’s ok for what Hillary did! Truthful who the hell want a EVIL👺LYING MURERING WITCH I’ll NEVER FORGET BENGHAZI!She is always flapping her yap! Why more people haven’t caught on is beyond me?  I find it rather amusing, how stupid her minions truly are…Why there isn’t more truth from HRC’s *#@&^%! garbage gutter mouth???  It’s because HilLiarY does not allow anyone in her presence to have a cell phone.http://www.mediazone.news/index.php/2016/11/04/every-american-will-
salute-with-pride-nypd-announces-they-are-preparing-to-arrest-
hillary-clinton-on-pedophilia-and-treason-charges/#comment-1385Let’s get on with it!Clinton doesn’t even know how NOT to bite a gift horse in the mouth!! What a stupid, arrogant, hateful person – couldn’t she have just enjoyed the show?The real Hillary just opened her racist bigoted mouth. Go figure!Ooops, the only time Hillary doesn’t lie is when she thinks no one is listening.Go 4 it .Hillary will bust it wide openThey deserved each other .You and your man are always welcome on the Trump train!!!! We one big happy family!! No we are not racist!!Hillary is smarter than B…and Z….But not T…Trump….the blacks have heard Hillary say racist things …they are stupid FOR supporting her.Where is the video showing this. .. young voters don’t realize that she is a Grand Puba Princess  the KKK. . Her mentor was bird. They Democratic Party has been the one for over a hundred years keeping people enslaved and that’s what your welfare is.House keeper printing classified emails and Clinton has good judgement.! Go figure.Does this surprise anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well it is ghetto directed trash music.  Clinton knows how to fuk things up. LolHILLARY IS SO UGLY AND  SHE WOULD NOT BE THE PRESIDENT THAT WE NEED.thank you..I would love to be the Hangman for Her and Bill Clinton!LOL how stupid..she gets bustedas always, killary will get a free pass.
liberals are nothing if not unified. they hate each other behind closed doors, but they march in lockstep to vote.This is proof I’ll be voting Green Party!!
The LORD is in control!!I don’t care for Beyonce or her music but have enough class to never say something like that whether anyone could hear me or not!Hillary is a failure even at her own eventsShe is just as racist as Beyonce.Oh God, her private persona has been leaked again.  I hate when that happens.  She just messed with the Queen B.DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON HILLARHOID, SHE’LL CUT YOUR THROAT, OR STOP PUTTING YOUR MONEY IN HER POCKET SHE’LL TAKE YOU DOWN SOME WAY.Gotta love it!She is a hypocrite right along with Michelle Obama. They are offended by the People’s Choice for President Donald Trump’s locker room word Pussy and yet Tom Jones sings it: What’s New Pussy Cat and then they use Beyonce foul mouth and F words and N words to get people to go and vote for her. She even has Obama committing criminal act telling illegals to vote and they won’t get in trouble…that is a felony also. And she uses the Democrats foundation of KKK against Donald when they are using black lives matter group to cause disturbances at our rallies and that black singer using the F and N for every other word during a concert for Hillary herself. She is a hypocrite.She is such a lovely grant mother type person, trash although I am not a fan of Beyoncé either, but I certainly not kiss her backside then trash her! But the kindly lady (NOT) who wants to be our president has no such qualms! She is trash a traitor, liar, thief and many things America does not know about yet!well..believe it or not, that was not racist….I don’t like that music either..torture to have to sit and listen to it…the ONLY thing I agree with hillary onIs that why JayZ thug hit someone as he was leaving?What is so surprising about this?  Just another one of her “hate tactics” to use and abuse for her so called gain.  Minorities wake up!!  Do you really trust a Jezabel like Hillary!Beyonce and Hillary are some of the most racist people I’ve ever seen.. they both deserve each other and I would rather clean a bathroom with a toothbrush than to support either one of them… we do not need her or any of her blackliesmatter clan….We’ve been trying to tell people for months that Hillary hates America!  ALL Americans!  Beyonce, that goes for you, too.  She is an elitist of the worse kind that goes miles beyond racist or bigot.  You should vote Trump.why is beyonce so shocked I thought all trash stuck together, beyonce is just as bad as Hillary so it like the pot calling the kettle black or in this case negro!Corrections: *to not say and do these things*I think this is funny as hell…oh well she gets a  taste the fruits of Hilary Clinton lap it up baby girl aren’t you proud to support such a wonderful women✌No surprise….except to Beyonce.  Maybe now she will understand who Hillary really is behind her lies.  Not a nice woman and she’s only looking for votes.I doubt this story is true. I do however feel that Killary has just been using everyone, especially Black people in this country to get what she wants most in life. I have never felt that her concern for the plight of Black Americans is real. She moved to Harlem to try to prove to them that she accepts them, but it was just a move to become a Senator from NY. I’ll give it to her for keeping to her strategy.  If her record alone isn’t enough to convince people that she and Bill are just two crooks using the system, there’s nothing anyone can say that will change their mind. Barack Obama said it during the race against her,”Hillary Clinton is a liar, a crook, and has never done anything that she’s promised.”  He further stated that she isn’t fit to be president. I truly feel bad for those who are so geared toward their party that they will let Lucifer in the door.When are people going to “get it”? HILLARY CLINTON IS TRASH!!!No one likes the bitch Beyonce so truth is, Hillary gained thousands of votes…This is a clip from the show.Lol Beyonce.. Who cares? She is ghetto trash… Lmfao what did you expect Beyonce? You side with a liar, you get played..Who knows if this is true or not. I’m just surprised that JZ, ( Who seems to be an intelligent man) what allow himself and his wife to be used at the Democratic Party.Hillary Has bleeding hemroids! Cut her some slack… Bleeding hemroids is no laughing matter! If I knew, of a quick remedy, I would put my finger right on it… that would prepare her to be Potis.PLEASE NO MORE CLINTON CARTEL!  THEY WILL DESTROY THE USA AND LEAVE WITH EVEN MORE MONEY. SHES A LYING MURDERING THIEF.As an American citizen I recognize that the 2nd amendment is important but there is one that is greater, the 1st amendment.  By posting this I am expressing my 1st amendment right.  I hope you will be willing to allow me to express my views freely.  Otherwise you are doing exactly what you claim the government is doing. I have removed anything personally offensive to other  readers therefore I don’t see why you wouldn’t allow it.  Thanks in advance.To all the people on the Trump bandwagon, I have this message for you….wake up and use your brain! All of you spewing hatred over a false story. This is ridiculous. Donald Trump has been playing each and every one of you from the very beginning. Feeding off of your fears in order to win your votes. You are the sheep and he the master manipulator. This man can say absolutely anything and still you believe him. As a matter of fact he HAS said just about any and everything and you have believed him. Just like this story he has been caught in several lies throughout this campaign. It’s like he says whatever he feels is going to sway the most people his way regardless of the truth behind it. He changes his stance and position on topics as the wind blows and you blow right along with it. He rants on social media like an immature toddler and has no self-control at 70 years old!! Yes, he has built a real estate empire but that doesn’t mean he can lead this country. Those are two very different things. He is a character, a TV personality whose ego is so big that he wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He doesn’t have what it takes to lead the country. How foolish are all of you for allowing yourselves to fall for this circus? How do you elect a president that is ignorant regarding foreign policy? How as a woman can you elect a president that has no respect for you or your gender and has proven it time and time again? How as a minority (for the few that plan on voting for him) do you back someone who has no regard for you or your race? It’s not about being PC or sensitive to harsh words and rhetoric.  Listen to what he says.  He has told you exactly who and what he is….so believe him.  As a presidential candidate the man has zero substance. His entire campaign is built on tearing others down, spreading fear, and sheer negativity. He doesn’t have real plans for this country. The campaign slogan he uses “Make America Great Again” was stolen from Ronald Reagan. He is taking your most revered Republican figure and using it to his advantage.  He speaks very vaguely, constantly promising that he is going to fix this or that but never saying how. You are fed up with government but yet are willing to elect someone who is doing the same thing you claim politicians do.  You know why he can’t see how he’ll fix it?…because he doesn’t know how and doesn’t plan to. He just wants to be the most powerful man on the planet…that’s his end game and you are so foolishly his puppets helping him complete his goal. Whether conscious or subconscious, many of you are so blinded by your hatred for OUR president (who happens to be black) that you are willing to vote for the most unqualified candidate probably ever.  Like a cunning fox, he strategically changed his viewpoints on several key issues to align himself with the Republican party because it was his best chance of being nominated…AND IT WORKED!!! He’s probably the first non-Republican to be nominated by the Republican party. My fellow Americans what you are doing is an absolute disgrace and it is extremely sad that you have let him get this far and may get him all the way to the White House. You have been manipulated. You have been lied to. You have been hoodwinked and you have been bamboozled. You cherish your 2nd amendment right to bear arms over everything else and have allowed a con artist to take complete advantage of that. Trump won’t “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. He can’t. He knows there’s no greater America than the present version and is trying to take full advantage. Not convinced, well in what other time could a sleazy, racist, tax-evading, TV personality, with tons of money, no moral compass, and fake Christian values become President of the United States?  None.  Someone who has no government experience, little to no understanding of foreign policy, and no regard for the people of this country? There has never been another time.  No time like the present fellow citizens which is why if Trump is elected president America will never be great again but by the time you realize that it will be too late. Congratulations, by attempting to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”, you may have permanently ruined it for our children and for future generations.  Thanks a bunch.Before you get your panties in a wad, I do not mean for this post to sound as though I dislike America. It is a beautiful place with wonderful people.I am trying to figure out how to get away from the amount of control the government has on my life. Sad part is…There isn’t one….hear me out. I have to have money to do all of the things I need to live because somehow we got tricked into believing these papers and coins are powerful. And even if I bought land and did the homestead thing, I still have to pay taxes, but why? And to whom? And what do they do with the money I am paying them? It seems to me, like I’m making a bunch of crazy people rich while I’m left here wondering where I went wrong in life. (I’ll tell you, nowhere . I’m pretty great okay, some not nice things in my past, but this isn’t about that and I was young.)It seems to me like they just keep saying things like, no you don’t need wells anymore drink city water, and a lot of people do. And then they put fluoride in our water! (I won’t even go into the crisis of the Flint, Michigan water, that is still needing repaired, right? Or the recent pipeline problem.) And instead of trying to use cheaper more efficient fuel they continue to build pipelines through our lands that will poison our natural water sources. Not to mention the other tremendous issues ecologically which will result from not finding new ways.While we let them do it to us!But why? If we buy something from somewhere is it not ours? Then who are they to tell us what we can do on the land that we bought from them?! And why do we pay taxes for them to tell us what to do on property we bought from them?!I had a lot more but I lost where I was going, I’m so infuriated and astonished at what is happening all around me. Not just in America, but the world. (and beyond 👻👽)I’m telling you all if we don’t start to unite they will kill us all. More of us can be born and bred until they figure out how to get robots to be their minions.…..they keep telling me that I am free…….but they tell me what I can put in my body……..they tell me that I  am free… but THEY put stuff in MY body I would not and somehow that is okay…they tell me that I am free…..and they force me to pay for something that was not affordable in the first place, but they can give me a number where if I meet poverty level I won’t be forced to pay the fine for not buying the insurance I already could not afford….they tell me that I am free and they will give me everything I need while making it impossible to access or find out any information on anything…they tell me I am free.#WecanbefreeI don’t get a sound bite on this site; however, it was reported (and disputed on several websites) that Killary said: “I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”Is there any hope for our nation with all the liberal cool-aid drinking people hooked on Hillary’s liesREMEMBER, when you vote today, Hillary, the DNC, the Washington & Hollywood Elites, the Media AND the Obama Administration are COUNTING ON your POLITICAL CORRECTNESS, your INDIFFERENCE, AND your IGNORANCE of their CRIMES, MANIPULATIONS AND LIES!!!   It’s TIME for WE THE PEOPLE to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”  I guess Hillary may have some normal traits.STOP all this hate and learn to love each other, if you don’t like what others say take them out of your life, don’t fill it with hate, if there more love in this world this will make it better for everyone, colour is skin deep, under that, we are all the same, our flesh is red with blood, if yours is different then you came from another planet. Give a strange a hug and be kind to each other.Do black people just believe any bs?








Empire News is looking for creative and talented writers. If you would like to become a contributing writer for Empire News please send us a message and let us know why.  Also, if you haven’t done so already, please register an account here.Empire News is always seeking talented writers and/or compelling content.  If you are interested in becoming part of the Empire News family, please complete the questions below and submit the form for consideration.
Name (required)     Email (required)     Website (if applicable)    
Please provide links to any other published works for which you are responsible.
In a paragraph or less, explain what Empire News means to you. (required)
Please "pitch" three potential headlines. (required)
Please provide a writing sample (500 words or less) (required)








NASHVILLE, Tennessee – Country legend Loretta Lynch, best known for her his song The Coal Miner’s Daughter, says she is “sick to death” of getting hate mail, emails, and tweets aimed at former Attorney General Loretta Lynch.“I don’t know the woman, but Republicans apparently hate that bitch,” said Lynn, 84. “I get hundreds of emails and tweets each day, confusing me with her. I don’t know why. I sing music, she’s just some black attorney. I don’t see the connection.”Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who was appointed by Barack Obama, has never been liked by Republican voters, but has recently been in the news for Republican reports that she is tied to a Clinton scandal.This is not the first time that celebrities have been confused for one another. Rachel Roy was allegedly the woman referenced as having an affair with Beyonce’s husband, and many Beyonce fans attacked TV personality Rachel Ray via twitter. Adam Sandler often gets hate mail that should be directed at Gilbert Godfried, also. Although he reportedly also gets plenty of his own as well.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DECATUR, Alabama – Police were recently tipped off to a reported meth lab that was being run by Walmart employees in what they are calling one of the biggest busts in decades.Police Chief Robert Garner said that an anonymous tip was left on their drug hotline, expressing concern about a horrible burning smell that was coming from the back of the Decatur WalMart facility. When an officer was sent to investigate, the store was instantly shut down as he discovered a meth lab that took up the entire back room.“The thing was massive, and contained enough materials to make hundreds, if not thousands, of pounds of crystal meth,” said Chief Garner. “Apparently, every employee in the store was a part of it, from working with and gathering materials, to cooking, to selling it outside of the store. It was a full, massive operation.”No one from Walmart’s corporate office was available for comment, but an unofficial spokesperson did say that they were “disappointed” that they weren’t able to use their company discount to get meth before the place was shut down.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BEAUMONT, Texas –48-year old Henri Paul Johnson was killed last week after he was accidentally cremated during a long shift at the Coroner’s Office Morgue.According to police, Johnson took a nap on a stretcher after working over 16 hours, and was mistaken for another man who was killed in a car accident, and scheduled to be cremated.Jena Davis, who was not the co-worker who cremated Johnson, says they heard him scream for a moment, but didn’t know where the sound was coming from.“At first, we didn’t understand where the sound was coming from. When we realized what was happening, it was too late. We shut down the heating system, but he was already dead.”Davis says that Johnson was exposed to temperatures of well over 1500 degrees Fahrenheit, and there was nothing that could have been done. A new employee, who had forgotten to check the toe tag on the body before proceeding, was blamed for the accident, but no charges have yet been filed. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








ST. LOUIS, Missouri – Chuck Berry, the man that many people say originated modern rock ‘n’ roll music, was reported as having passed away at the age of 90 by mainstream media, and the topic was trending on Facebook and other social media sites by mid-day Saturday. As it turns out, though, the reports were false.“Chuck is still alive and kicking, albeit with a lot less force than a few years ago,” said a friend of Berry’s, Marvin Richardson. “I was just hanging out with him last night. He played a few licks on the guitar for me, and he got a good laugh out of the fact that everyone thought he was dead. He said he was only taking a nap!”Berry, who has a career that spans over 60 years, is the latest in what some people would refer to as a “death hoax,” but in this case, it seems that Berry is in good spirits about it and doesn’t think it was a traditional hoax.“I don’t think anyone said I had died on purpose to fool people,” said Berry. “I think that my family, my friends, and even my doctors really thought I was dead. I do sleep really, really soundly, and sometimes I think my heart may actually be stopping. I guess this just confirms it.”Berry will perform his 300th concert at Blueberry Hill next month, assuming he hasn’t died for real by that point.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








HOUSTON, Texas – A representative for the Atlanta Falcons says that the team has made an official complaint with the NFL, stating that the New England Patriots cheated during the second half of the Super Bowl, causing the Falcons to lose.In official documents signed by Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank and endorsed by head coach Dan Quinn, the team alleges that the New England Patriots cheated by having, “huge, over-inflated balls.”“During the first half of the game, the Patriots clearly were using their normal balls. Hell, they might have been using slightly under-inflated balls, honestly,” said coach Dan Quinn. “I don’t know exactly what happened after the 3rd quarter, but when they came back out on the field, that team was definitely playing with an entirely new set of balls – and their balls were huge, and way larger than before.”The NFL is not taking the accusation lightly, as the Patriots have known to play with their balls on previous occasions, with team quarterback and GOAT Tom Brady even being suspended for several games for knowingly playing with deflated balls.“We are looking at the Patriots balls very closely, as we cannot and will not take any accusation lightly of the Patriots playing with either small or large balls,” said NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell. “I have personally taken up the task of looking at Tom Brady’s balls, and will report my findings at a later conference.In the mean time, football fans across New England are overjoyed at their team bringing home their 5th Super Bowl win.“It’s a great time to be alive,” said Patriots Super Fan Mark Chilsom. “I don’t care a lick about balls, to be honest. That was the greatest game I’ve ever seen played, with a record-setting comeback. If it was because Tom Brady and the team came out to play with huge balls in the 4th, well the so be it.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








SAN FRANCISCO, California – NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick has taken a lot of heat this week after he didn’t stand for the National Anthem, claiming he was making a point about African-American struggles in the country. Now, though, Kaepernick is taking it a step further, saying that he plans to never stand again.“It’s not going to be easy, and I fully know that,” said Kaepernick. “But the struggle is real for my black brothers, and so I’m going to do the world’s most intense sit-in. I’ll never stand up again if that’s what it takes for people to notice that African-Americans have it bad.”Many criticize Kaepernick because he doesn’t know anything about the struggle of black America – or white America, for that matter.“Yes, I am only half-black, and yes, I was adopted and raised by rich, white parents, but still, fuck whitey, and black power, or whatever,” he said. “Shit, all I know is that I’ll break my legs if it means I can sit down forever.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








MIAMI, Florida – College football team The Florida Gators has announced it will be changing its name following the death of a two-year-old boy who was grabbed and drowned by an alligator while vacationing with his family at the Disney World Resort in Florida.The alligator snatched the toddler as he played at the edge of the Seven Seas Lagoon, a manmade lake at the Walt Disney resort.The boy’s parents, who were relaxing on the white sand shore nearby, sprang into action in a failed attempt to pry their child from the predator’s grip. A lifeguard who was on duty was unable to reach the boy before the alligator swam away with him.Although the parents did not request the SEC Eastern Division champions change their name, the athletics department at the State University System of Florida says they have received a lot of public pressure. Coach Jim McElwain says he fears it may affect the team. “Personally, I think alligators get a bad rap. I’m worried a name change this close to start of the season is unrealistic and may affect team moral.”The team has not settled on a new name, but the Raging Retires and Orange Crushers has been proposed.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








VALLEJO, California –World-famous competitive eater Joey “Jaws” Chestnut, a competitive eater who was currently ranked second in the world, has reportedly died from acute acid reflux, a disease he developed over a career of eating excessive amounts of food.“Joey was in incredible health for a person who consumed hundreds of thousands of calories as if it was his job,” said Dr. Emmett Brown. “Unfortunately, despite his good health and the calories not causing him to be massively overweight, the one thing he could not get past was his horrible case of acid reflux disease, which he contracted after a particularly difficult challenge of eating the World’s Hottest Hot Wings in 2011.”Joey Chestnut had competed, and won, the Nathan’s Hot Dog Eating Challenge multiple years, as well as many other challenges, including hot wings, meatballs, pizza, and an entire turkey dinner.“Joey was a God to me,” said up-and-coming competitive eater Kimball Rowell. “I competed against him once in a pizza eating contest, and I ate 4 slices in 2 minutes. He ate 3 full pizzas. The man is a legend, and his legacy will last a lifetime.”Chestnut was scheduled to compete this summer at the Nathan’s Hot Dog contest once again, where he hoped to regain his title as world champion.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Donald Trump has made plans to officially move the White House from Washington, D.C. to Las Vegas, where he owns property and says that the taxes are “much more manageable.”“Moving the White House to Las Vegas will save tax payers an estimated $20 million a year, as the land values are much lower in the desert,” said Trump. “I am working with the best planners, the best men out there, to move the White House safely and securely.”There is no word on whether Las Vegas will become our nation’s capital after the White House is relocated, but Trump did say that he wouldn’t personally have any problem with that.“There’s a lot of money in Las Vegas, and a lot of beautiful women. We’d be lucky to have Las Vegas be our nation’s capital. It’s a beautiful, fun, fast-paced city, and everyone who goes there loves it. I love it. I own plenty of property there. It’s great. Plus, what happens there stays there, so we could get away with a lot more there than we could here in D.C.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – After a slew of celebrity devices were hacked, a group of anonymous individuals have begun leaking nude images and sex tapes recorded by the celebrity victims. The latest seems to be President Donald Trump himself, as the group of hackers claims they have a sex tape that was taken “very recently,” but does not feature Trump’s wife Melania.“We have procured a very salacious, very non-sexy video,” posted an anonymous hacker on the forum Reddit. “I’ve seen the video myself. I wish I hadn’t, but I have. And the person in the video is definitely Trump, and the other person is decidedly NOT Melania.”According to the post, which included screenshots that we are not able to re-post here, the group would be releasing the full video if Trump did not step down from the Presidency. Although most would assume that he would never do that just to save face, the poster seems to think that the video is definitely something that will “get Trump thinking.”“President Trump will know exactly what video we have if we mention the words ‘donkey’ and ‘whips,'” said the post. “We do not think that Trump, nor the man in the video with him, would want this information going public. Whoops, guess I slipped up there…” 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. –White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was hospitalized after he contracted what he said was “bird flu” from eating a bucket of KFC chicken that had spoiled.According to his doctor, Spicer merely had a case of the trots after ingesting day-old chicken, but the Press Secretary is “positive” that it is Bird Flu.“I ate bad chicken, which is a bird. Everyone knows that chickens are birds,” said Spicer from his hospital bed. “When you eat bad birds, you get bird flu. I don’t know why that is so hard for these doctors to understand.”Spicer says that he has contracted bird flu several times in his life, and that his mom was always the best at making him feel better when he was a boy.“Mom would make me a hot broth and I’d eat that with crackers, and then I’d lay down and I felt better,” said Spicer. “It has happened several times, but not in many years. Mom also helped me after I contracted mad cow disease after I ate spoiled hamburger one time. My mom is a phenomenal woman.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Trump announced this morning that he would be taking a 2-month vacation beginning April 1st, returning to Washington in June, after a “stressful” first quarter of 2017.“There are a lot of things that have come across my desk, and it’s been overwhelming,” said Trump. “I think that it will be a good time to take a break, and let things really setting in my head so I can continue Making America Great Again.”Trump owns a home in the Bahamas, but will be renting a massive villa instead of using the home he owns.“I want to see new parts of the area, and so I will be renting some property for the two months I’m gone. This will only put a minor burden on tax payers, as it will fall under Presidential Service.”President Trump will be bringing his wife and son Barron, as well as 13 members of the Secret Service.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Donald Trump has rung the death toll for the Cable News Network. According to recently filed documents, the once mega-giant news channel will be losing their FCC licenses, forcing them to stop broadcast on April 1. The blow comes after Trump declared the company ‘fake news,’ and blacklisted them from attending White House press conferences.“CNN is the worst network on television today, and nothing they say about me is true,” said President Trump. “The only network worth watching is Fox News. They are true. They say true things, and they say the best things. CNN is the worst, and everything they say is fake news.”After Trump declared the channel to be fake news, their ratings plummeted to the lowest in cable television history, with only around 100 to 150 people even tuning into the channel on a daily basis.“We are saddened that Trump has chosen our network to the be the scapegoat for his War on Truth,” said CNN head Carl Nelson. “Because of his lies about our network, we have lost our licenses, and lost our ability to broadcast. Effective April 1st, we will no longer be on the air.”Nelson says they are trying to convince the FCC that they should be allowed to continue broadcasting, but the FCC says that they are “not interested” in listening to any fake news, either.“President Trump has informed us that CNN should not be listened to, so we’re not going to,” said FCC chairman Joel Winters. “We’re a government agency. We do what we’re told. I’m not losing my job over this shit.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DENVER, Colorado – The Girls Scouts of America have officially been given the ‘green light’ to begin selling marijuana edible cookies in states where the drug has been legalized. Starting in April of 2017, Girl Scout troupes in Maine, Colorado, Massachusetts, and Washington D.C., among others, will be able to sell edibles.“Our cookies have long been a favorite of stoners nationwide,” said Girl Scouts of America president Jane Marshall. “With the legalization of recreational marijuana in several states, we decided it was time to really open ourselves up to the marijuana community. That is why we created two new products to be sold in legalized states.”Marshall says that they will be creating Samosas and Thin Mints, their top-selling cookies, that are infused with the marijuana plant.“These cookies will be made available only to adults, aged 21 or older, and they will only be available for purchase through the parents of a Girl Scout troupe. The children themselves will not be able to sell or consume these cookies,” said Marshall. “We are very happy with how these cookies have come out, and we think they will be a huge boost to the fundraising these girls do every year.”Yearly sales of Girl Scout Cookies total approximately $700 million. This year, the plan is to surpass the $1 billion mark.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BENTONVILLE, Arkansas – Although many people consider Walmart to be the epitome of an “evil corporation,” no one can say that they’re not completely in touch with what people want. The company announced today that in several states, including Colorado, Maine, and Washington D.C., the company would begin selling marijuana seeds and seedling plants to consumers who are over 21.“Most of these states have the same or similar laws when it comes to owning marijuana plants,” said company spokesperson Rebecca Brent. “As an adult over 21, you can have several plants, and you can grow even more. We already sell alcohol, and our employees are trained to ask for ID for anyone under 40 for controlled substances. Heck, we even card for R-rated movies like some company out of the dark ages. So selling marijuana will not add any sort of hinderance on our employees, and will be a great way to tap into a new market of potential customers.”Surprisingly, there are very few protests about the company dipping into the weed trade, even from government officials.“If Walmart is adhering to the laws, gaining proper licensure, then there’s no reason I can see for any fuss to be made,” said Charlie Connors, a representative for the Governor’s office in Maine. “We are allowing small businesses to sell, and we are allowing adults to purchase. I do not see why there is any issue with Walmart, the largest retailer in the world, from selling either.”Brent says that if the seed and seedling sales go well, it’s possible that Walmart will branch into smaller locations that will only sell marijuana and paraphernalia.“We were thinking of calling those smaller stores Wal-Greens, but as it turns out, that’s pretty much taken,” said Brent. “We are really excited about moving forward with such a great product launch, though.”Brent says that they will add new aisles into Walmart locations that will be selling. The marijuana products will be located, naturally, next to the potato chip and soda aisle.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








STAMFORD, CT – WWE Chairman Vince McMahon announced today that he has tapped President Donald Trump to appear at Wrestlemania 33 in Orlando, Florida on April 2nd.Trump, who had a long story arch in the WWE in the 90s and was entered into the WWE Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2013, says that he is “extremely excited” to get back in the ring.“It was one of the best times of my life, attacking Vince McMahon and appearing on their Pay-Per-View events,” said Trump. “Vince and I, we’ve been friends a long time. Rivals in the world of business, but friends all the same. When he asked me to return, I wasn’t sure it was the best thing to do, because I’ve got a lot going on right now, but this is a yuge opportunity and will be a lot of fun for me, and hopefully for the Wrestlemania crowd in Orlando. I have no problem taking a steel chair to the face, as long as that chair was made by the United Steel Workers Union here in the great country I call home – the United States of America.”“We are very excited that Donnie will be coming back in,” said McMahon in a press release posted to WWE.com. “He has always been a friend to this company, to the wrestling world, to the world of Sports Entertainment, and as an honored member of the Hall of Fame, we are very excited to have him appear at Wrestlemania 33.”Neither McMahon nor Trump have indicated in what capacity the latter would be appearing, but McMahon did drop a hint that he hoped Trump wouldn’t have any problem getting color.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








LOS ANGELES, California – Doctor Carl Jung, a gastroenterologist working in Los Angeles, California, has said he has developed the world’s most perfect, and most expensive, colon cleanse for his patients who need to “get the pipes working again.”Dr. Jung has been treating certain patients using the “blood of the innocent,” which he harvests from a doctor friend that performs abortions at a local Planned Parenthood facility.“My procedure is one-of-a-kind that I developed myself while studying in Uganda in 1983,” said Dr. Jung. “It works better than any other anal douche you could get, and it’s all because of the massive white blood cell count found in aborted fetuses. This is not a magic pill you take to cleanse your body – this is a true, liquid cavity expulsion.”Dr. Jung says that he has been procuring dead babies for “over 30 years” from a friend, who says wishes to remain anonymous. Several celebrities, including Martha Stewart, Barack Obama, and Paul McCartney have all said to have visited Dr. Jung for the treatment, which costs a whopping $289,000 per session.“They love it, and they keep coming back,” said Dr. Jung. “As anyone would tell you, there’s no better way to cleanse that ass than with the blood of the innocent.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








UGANDA – A woman living in a village in Uganda has been confirmed to be over 200-years-old by genealogists, researchers, and archivists who have looked into the woman’s lineage.The woman, who does not remember her own name, is officially the oldest person to have ever lived. She was born in the same village in Uganda she currently lives, and says she has “never left.”“I have lived long, I am tired. I have never gone away, this is what I know,” she said. “I am happy to be here. I am not happy to be so old. Wish I was dead. All my family, they are dead. I have had 18 children, 47 grandchildren, and 163 great-grandchildren, and they are all gone now. I’m sad. Kill me, please.”Researchers say that they have “no idea” how it’s possible that she has lived so long, but have confirmed through genetic testing that she is, indeed, 204-years-old, having been born in 1806.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. –The “Finger-Chop Challenge” has begun to spread across social media, with teens and college students reportedly cutting off their fingers in an effort to raise awareness about the “evils of Donald Trump” as President.“Trump is a disgusting, sick, orange bigot,” said Maria Lambert, 19, a college sophomore at Dartmouth. “I chopped off all of my  fingers on a livestream on Facebook. I left just the middle finger on one hand, because fuck Trump, that’s why.”Following in a dangerous trend of challenges like the cinnamon or milk gallon challenges, the new finger-chop challenge opens up an entire new world of issues for parents, as well as the teens stooping to such ignorant levels.“My son has done the challenge 4 times, and each time, he’s cut off a new finger. He’s down to just the pinky on his left hand,” said Carl Lunger of his son, Mario Lunger, 17. “Frankly, though, I’m proud of him. He’s taking a stand against Trump, and he’s also raised a lot of awareness about Trump. Last I knew, he had over 300 views on his YouTube video.”Health officials are warning parents, though, of the dangers of their children cutting off their own fingers for internet notoriety. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BOSTON, Massachusetts – Researchers at Boston Medical Center are planning to release a new study that proves that all cancers – even some of the most rare and previously un-treatable cancers such as brain or lymph node – can be easily cured with one ‘extremely common’ item.“We have been working on a cure for Cancer for as long as we’ve known about the disease, and we have finally found the answer,” said Dr. Phil Brooks. “Really the cure was right there under our noses, as it were, the entire time.”Dr. Brooks says that he and his team all developed a severe cocaine habit during the testing phase, as the long nights and early days were making it extremely hard to stay awake and concentrate.“It was then we realized, after a night of doing copious amounts of blow, that we had the bright idea to test the drug on our lab rats. Within a month, all of the animals that we had given cancer were cured,” said Dr. Brooks. “We moved on a few months later to trials in adult humans.”Of the 2,000 people that the doctors test the cocaine theory on, every single one of them had their cancer disappear within a few weeks, or sooner in cases of “common cancers” like skin or colon.“It’s miraculous, truly,” said Dr. Brooks.The team plan to publish their full study in the next Journal of Bizarre Medicine. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BOSTON, Massachusetts – A new study conducted by Harvard University shows that teens who “vape” are more likely to be made fun of than kids who do not. The study was performed over the last year, and monitored a group of 200 teens aged 15 to 19.“Of the group, 100 of the kids were vapers, or kids who smoke using vape pens, etc.,” said that study chairman, Mick Horn. “Those kids were asked to vape in front of the other 100 kids, who proceeded, of course, to call the vape kids a slew of names, including ‘faggot,’ ‘tool,’ ‘loser,’ and ‘asshole,’ among others. When the study was flipped, the vape kids really had nothing to say about the non-vapers.”According to his findings, Horn says that kids should decidedly not take up vaping, unless they like being made fun of.“There’s really no point to vaping, short of smoking while looking like an extra douche bag,” said Horn. “I think that my study conclusively proves that.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








UNITED STATES – After it was confirmed that Russia easily hacked computers in the United States to rig the 2016 elections, the FBI is warning that it’s “very likely” that Russian hackers and spies are probably in your computer right now, looking at your files.“There are many things that you can do to protect yourself from Russian hackers,” said FBI director J. Hoover Edgar. “For one, you want to make sure you put a piece of tape of your computer’s camera. That’s just something simple that every idiot knows to do by now. Another thing you can do is to get offline completely when not using the computer. Just unplug and turn off your machine, and you should probably unplug your router, too, just to be safe.”Edgar also recommends writing most of your documents in Aramaic, the dead language spoken by Jesus Christ and his disciples.“It’s very hard for Russians to read Aramaic, because most people don’t know it. If you learn it now, you will have a much better chance of your files not being read by Russian hackers,” said Edgar.According to the FBI, the one thing that can almost certainly defeat a hacker, though, is to make sure you change your passwords 10 to 15 times a day, for all of your website logins, especially banks and social media accounts.“If you leave your password as the same thing for more than a couple of minutes, you’re basically giving full access to your life,” said Edgar. “Change your passwords multiple times a day. It really keeps the ol’ Ruskies on their toes.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Researchers at the Washington, D.C. House of Agriculture and Animal Affairs say that they expect Pandas will become extinct within the next few months, probably by June of 2017.“We actually had no idea that pandas were really that rare, because we see pictures of them online all the time,” said HAAA chairman Joel Bornstein. “We thought they were doing pretty good out in the wild, but apparently not. There’s only a couple left.”The HAAA says they are trying “really hard” to get a couple of pandas to “do their thing” and make some more panda babies, but they’re having a really hard time.“We got two of the 17 pandas left in the world, and we have been doing everything to get them to have sexy time, but it’s just not working,” said Bornstein. “We’ve tried calming music, chocolates, wine…we even let them watch porn. Nothing has worked.”The HAAA says that they hope that they can save the population of pandas before it’s too late, but they don’t hold out much hope.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








CONCORD, New Hampshire – Chester Miller, who has been studying the effects of global warming for nearly 20 years, says that he has finally found conclusive proof that the phenomenon is completely and totally bogus.“I have been looking into the effects of global warming, and can conclusively say that the world is not warmer at all,” said Miller. “I had been waiting and waiting for this discovery, and it came to me earlier this week. It was a true moment of glory for all of science.”Miller says that during the night between Thursday and Friday, his town of Concord, New Hampshire received a massive amount of snow – over a foot in just a few hours. This, he says, is proof that the world is not getting warmer.“If global warming were real, then how come we got 14″ of snow the other night?” asked Miller. “I assume you all understand that in order for it to snow, it has to be cold. And in order for it to snow THAT MUCH in that amount of time, well – it has to be very cold. I believe I can rest my case.” 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BAZOS, Croatia – A team of explorers who have been searching for the lost city of Atlantis for the better part of 30 years have reportedly discovered the ruins of the Mecca, located approximately 30 miles beneath the surface of the Mediterranean Sea, directly off the coast of Croatia.According to the research team, there is more than $300 billion worth of lost treasures within the city, not to mention the city itself.“People have been searching for Atlantis for hundreds of years, with many thinking that it may never have existed at all,” said Mark Kempf, lead of the expedition. “Through hundreds of hours of research in books before setting out on our trip, we were able to locate the approximate area where we believed the city to be, and after repeated attempts to reach the area, we were finally successful last week.”Kempf says that it will become “increasingly difficult” to have many people visit the area, as he believes the more people that know the area, the fewer treasures there will be.“Oh, the place will definitely be overrun with pirates very quickly, which is why we are not releasing the city’s exact location at this time,” said Kempf. “This discovery will definitely put my children’s children’s children through college, though.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








MOBILE, Alabama —With gay marriage now legal in all 50 states and rainbow flags (the universal symbol for gay pride) flying all over the country, one man who makes it a point to destroy every rainbow flag and spray paint over rainbow bumper stickers he sees, now wants to destroy actual rainbows.“I used to like seeing a rainbow in nature, ” Buddy Jones told Confederate News. “Now all I see is a symbol for faggotry. Makes me sick to my tummy to see a rainbow in the sky. I want to destroy them because they’re making me crazy and I think destroying rainbows will really get on queer’s nerves, but I don’t know how to kill rainbows myself.”That’s where Jones wants scientists to step in and help.“I know a lot of scientists are fag sympathizers,” Jones said. “But there are some good Christian scientists out there who could use their scientific smarts to destroy rainbows. Scientists can build talking robots and send people into deep space, how hard could it be to destroy rainbows?”Jones is calling out scientists to take up his rainbow destroying cause.“Maybe scientists could build a laser gun that instantly blows up rainbows,” Jones said. ‘I don’t know. I just think this is an important cause. Queers took rainbows from us and made them their own, now we gotta show them there are consequences to what they did. And think about this: How long before some other sicko group takes something cool from nature? Like clouds or something. We gotta destroy rainbows now.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil – Analysts fear tensions with the Russians could lead to another war if the Russians are banned from participating in the Olympic games. The Russian sports minister says “up to 67 athletes” have applied to track and field’s world governing body to be exempted from the ban on the Russian team at the Rio de Janeiro OlympicsThe IAAF is unlikely to approve most of the 67 athletes, since it has previously indicated the exemption is aimed at a small minority of athletes based abroad.When a global governing body for sports barred Russia’s track and field team from the 2016 Summer Olympics on Friday over a wide-ranging doping scandal, it was greeted in Russia, as is with a deep sense of victimhood.President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia called the decision “unjust, of course.”Mr. Putin said, “Russia is strengthening antidoping controls and athletes should bear personal responsibility for using performance-enhancing drugs.” Punishing the whole team, he said, “doesn’t fit any norms of civilized behavior.”Outside Russia, sporting officials viewed the unanimous decision as a long overdue restoration of some fairness in competitions. After all, in some sporting events Russian athletes had been trouncing competitors for years before it turned out they were using performance-enhancing drugs.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BRUSSELS, Belgium – Social media has been abuzz the last few weeks with the hashtag #SaferThanATrumpRally, with many folks listing some absurd and dark places that are safer to be than at a Donald Trump rally.After the attack in Brussels, Belgium, most would assume that they’d rather be anywhere else, but according to social media, even the terrorist-attacked city would be a better place to be than with any view of Donald Trump.“I’d rather be in Brussels with a shirt with a target on it that says ‘fuck you, Muslim scum’ than ever set foot at a Trump rally,” said New York resident Joel Miller. “I was downtown during 9/11. Scariest time of my life. I’d rather live that all over again, too, than ever be at a Trump rally. The man, and his minions, are mindless, soulless villains.”As with all tragedies, everyone is standing with Brussels, and an onslaught of support has appeared from all corners of the globe, with many users on social media changing their pictures to a photo of the flag of Belgium in solidarity.“Donald Trump is a nightmare. I’ve seen people get punched in the face while simply standing still, peacefully, at one of his rallys,” said Maryanne Lewis of Detroit, Michigan. “I’d sooner throw beer and ham at a Muslim holding an AK-47 with TNT strapped to his ass than be at a Trump rally. These are terrifying times, both in the US and abroad.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








Dear Allison,
It was my 21st birthday a couple days ago. The ONLY thing I asked my Nana for was a pair of diamond earrings. I don’t know how I should feel because I found out they are cubic zirconium.  My stepmother pointed it out yesterday, and thinking about it, I cried on the way to work.  I don’t know if I should say something. I don’t want to sound like a spoiled brat, but it was the only thing I asked for. Should I mention it? I really want to say something.-Faked OutDear Faked,
Aww, poor you. Too late, you already sound like a spoiled brat. 21? Nana is wise enough to know you’ll lose an earring during one of your many drunk night – most likely while you’re going down on a stranger with an STD who picked you up while you were blacked out at the bar. What are you, a rich bitch?  It’s time to grow up and realize Nana’s bank account doesn’t revolve around you. Whatever your job is, it isn’t hard enough.  You should try mining your own diamond for a bowl of gruel a day.
But then again, I’m not really the person to ask since my own mother would’ve slapped me if I had the balls to ask for diamonds.  Maybe you should buy yourself a bunch of booze and get the courage to call your Nana. I’m sure if you whine enough she’ll get you a much better present next year.
Dear Allison,
I am torn between my 16 year-old daughter, “Uniquea” and my bae, “Tyrone”.  My fiancé got me a stuffed monkey for my birthday a couple weeks ago.  Wellllllll…afterwards we got in a fight, and he wanted it back. I told him no, cuz he gave that to me.  Anyway, he comes over to get it, and we got in another altercation over it.  After we had it out, he apologized and started kissin’ up on me. My daughter screamed, she sick of him hustlin’ me and after kissin’ on me like it was a’ight. Then she took his Ray-Bans and ran in the other room. I screamed at her to give ‘em back, but she twisted them ‘till they was broke beyond repair. Tyrone insists Uniquea needa pay for them out of her hair/nail allowance, but I say Tyrone shouldn’t of been over here provokin’ in the first place. Should I side with my man or my daughter?-Hassled at HomeDear Hassled,
Your fiancé sounds like quite the catch.  I bet the moment you don’t put out, he demands you give him all those cheesy “I Luv You” Valentine’s teddy bears that line your headboard. Unfortunately, it doesn’t matter what you do. You’re screwed.  You’re daughter’s screwed.  It doesn’t matter if Tyrone is in your life because you’re all cursed to live an ignorant, drama-filled existence, regardless.  Continue modeling that kind of behavior and just pray Uniquea’s first baby isn’t doesn’t end up with as God-awful a name as she did and that her baby-daddy actually pays child support. You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published weekly exclusively by Empire News.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DEAR ALLISON,How do I know if the man I married is really “the one?” My husband and I have been married for 2 years. He does everything for me. He works three jobs so I can stay home and build my small business. He cooks, and cleans. He’s fantastic in bed. We are doing really well…but there is something that’s just missing. What if I made a mistake?– CONCERNED in CALIFORNIADear Concerned,The man sounds like a saint. To be honest, I don’t think he probably is the one for you. If anything, he sounds like the one for me. After the string of losers I’ve been with, I could use a man who knows how to cook, how to clean, and how to do me right. Tell you what, Concerned – you let him go. If he comes back, then he’s “the one.” If you find him in my bed, then it looks like he was the one, but you’re too stupid to have known it. You’re living every woman’s dream, and you’re thinking it might have been a mistake? You must be a lesbian.
DEAR ALLISON,For my 18th birthday my boyfriend got me a tattoo, but I didn’t tell my parents. I still live at home, and my Dad will FREAK OUT if he knows that I got “Chris Forever” tattooed on my thigh. How do I tell my parents that I got inked?– TATTED in TALLAHASSEDear Tatted,First off, the fact that you’re barely 18 and you got your boyfriend’s name tattooed on you already screams how dumb you are. There are people who have been married decades who don’t do stupid things like that. My suggestion would be to tell your parents as soon as possible, and hope they forgive you enough to help pay to have it lasered off. The only name you should put on your body is your child’s. Hell, you shouldn’t even put that. Get a damn flower or a heart like every other teenage idiot out there, and call it a day. Since I got this letter 2 weeks ago, I’d assume that Chris has already left you for some other bimbo. Now you get to spend the rest of your life dating only men named Chris, or else they’re going to go limp as soon as you take your pants off.
DEAR ALLISON,My mother is a die-hard Christian, and on more than one occasion has made it quite known to me, my family, and everyone else who will listen that she hates gay people, and thinks they are an abomination. I’m 23 now, and I’m afraid to come out of the closet for fear I will lose my mother’s love. What do I do?-IN THE CLOSET in INDIANAPOLISDear Closet,Man up, my gay friend. If your mother is such a bigot that she would disown her child because of their sexual orientation, than you don’t need her! Find a new mom. Find a mate, and have their mom be your new mom! There are plenty of people out there who will accept you for who you are. It will probably be hard at first to tell your mother, but if she can’t handle it, then how is she going to handle when you find a mate? Get married? Adopt children? In my opinion, your mother needs to grow the hell up and deal. It’s 2014 for crying out loud. How much longer are we going to have to deal with these conservative bigots? Listen, you tell your mom that she’s going to have to accept you, or you smack that bitch in the face. No two ways about it. Good luck! You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DEAR ALLISON,Sometimes I think my step-mother really holds me back from having any fun. If I ask her if it’s okay to go to movies with friends, she won’t let me unless I do something for her, like the dishes or mow the lawn or any number of other household chores. I am the only one that she makes do this – my two step-brothers and my step-sister get to go out and do whatever they want. Why does she make me do things but they never have to?-CRYING in COLORADODear Crying,You don’t have to be such a crybaby, you know. Just do the damn dishes, and then you can go hang out with friends or go to the movies. Your step-mother is letting her kids do things without “paying her” for them because they are the fruit of her loins. Since you were ejected from some other woman’s lovehole, she’s more than likely making you pay for it. No step-mother has ever liked her step-children. Haven’t you ever seen Cinderella? Your best bet is to hurry up and turn 18, so you can tell her exactly where to go, and exactly how to get there.DEAR ALLISON,I hate it when people spoil the endings of my favorite TV shows or movies I haven’t seen on social media. Simple question, but how do I get people to stop talking about things before I see them?!-UGH in UTAHDear Ugh,First, let me congratulate you on coming up with the worst damn pseudonym that I’ve ever seen. “Ugh?” Oh God, you must be 12. Anyway, this might come as a surprise to you, but you could, you know, get the hell off the internet once in a while. You could also stop worrying about TV and movies getting spoiled for you, because they’re just entertainment, and if knowing who died on last night’s episode of Game of Thrones before you’ve had a chance to watch it is ruining your life, I think you’re going to have much, much bigger problems in life the older you get. Good luck in life, Ugh. You’re definitely going to need it.DEAR ALLISON,I got married last week, and my mother-in-law got completely hammered drunk at the wedding. Long story short, she ended up hitting on my still-very-married father. It made my mother extremely upset, and now my husband’s family and my family will have nothing to do with each other. What can I do to reconcile this whole ordeal?
-TOASTED in TULSADear Toasted,Who cares if your families can’t get along? Do they really have to have anything to do with each other? My husband hasn’t spoken to my side of the family since the wedding four years ago, and he’s never been happier. In case you didn’t know this, in-laws have never gotten along with their son or daughter’s significant other. Or you could play it the complete opposite way and try and get your parents divorced so you can hook up your father and mother-in-law. It could be one big, happy family. It’s really your call. Either way, people do stupid things when drunk. If your mother doesn’t know that, she must be a complete and total stick in the ass…or mud. Whatever floats your boat. You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DEAR ALLISON,
My boyfriend of 4 years and I have been seeing each other less and less lately, as I recently started a new job. When I come home to him at night, he seems withdrawn and doesn’t enjoy having…well, we’re not as intimate as we used to be. He’s not working and I pay all the bills, so I don’t think he’s stressed out or anything. I don’t want to be that bitchy girlfriend who goes through his Facebook or his phone to see if he’s been talking to other girls, but I think he might be cheating. Should I confront him, or go about finding out another way?– SUSPICIOUS in SACRAMENTODear Suspicious,Of course he’s cheating on you. The only thing a man wants more than a good steak is a good ol’ fashioned. If you are coming home from a long day at work, and he’s been lounging around all day and it’s him that doesn’t want you, there really is no other explanation. I’d suggest that you “be that bitchy girlfriend” and go through his phone or Facebook. You don’t want to confront him, because what’s the point? Is he just going to say “oh, you’re right, dear, I’m cheating.”? No, he’s going to deny it. Your best course of action is to wait until he’s asleep and smell his penis. It sounds crude, but everyone knows men rarely wash themselves period, and the odds of him showering after having his mistress over is zero. Definitely sniff that shaft, and you’ll have all the evidence you need. DEAR ALLISON,My girlfriend of two years is lazy and doesn’t wanna do anything for me. In my circle, the other girlfriends will make food for the game, and then go off and do their own thing, but they always come out to see if we need more beer or snacks, you know? My girlfriend doesn’t do those things, and it’s embarassing. My bros, they give me crap about how lazy she is.  When we watch the game at my house, she doesn’t wanna cook, and then she sits around, trying to talk through the game. Like we’re interested in listening to her long, boring stories about shoes? The other day I was checking out my buddy’s girlfriend’s ass as she bent over to pick up our beer cans, and I thought – “that’s what I deserve.”  I’m wondering if I should break up with her because this isn’t working, and it’s not like I don’t have other options. – FED-UP in FREEPORTDear FED-UP,Start packing her bags right now – I can’t believe you’ve dealt with her for two years! By this point she should definitely know her place. If she isn’t going to make you a sandwich and sit quietly during the game, or let you go out with your bros without nagging, then she isn’t the one. Look at your buddies; sounds like they’ve got their women trained perfectly! There are plenty of girls out there who have learned their lessons, so just choose one of the dumb sluts you’re probably already flirting with, and plug her hard. After you’ve gotten your ex out of the way, make sure you tell the new girl how much you love the cheese dip your buddy’s girlfriend always brings over, and set the expectation that that’s what you expect out of your woman. Out of desperation to please you, she’ll learn to jump right up at the sound of a crushed beer can, or you can tell her where to go, too. DEAR ALLISON,I hate my mother. She has the mentality of an extremely spoiled teenager in the body of an overweight, pushy fifty year-old troll. She is in complete denial about all the abuse she put me through when I was growing up. She says that everything bad in her life is my fault, and she’s posted nasty stuff to my Facebook wall, like telling me that she wishes I was never born. It’s got so bad that I had to block her. She still continues to spread rumors to my friends and family, saying that I pawned her jewelry for drugs or that I’ve prostituted myself for spare change. These lies hurt, because my family and friends are now ostracizing me. I’ve never even had sex, and she knows it! Every time we talk, it’s a blow out. Should I try to reconcile with her, or should I just move on with my life?-MISERABLE in MALIBUDEAR MISERABLE,Judging by your letter, I’d say you and your mother have more in common than you think! You must be extremely spoiled yourself. Here you are calling your mother nasty things in a massive public setting, just like you say she’s done to you! Way more people will see your letter here, calling your mother a fat troll, than the minimal amount of friends and family members who she no doubt has on her Facebook page. How do you think she’s going to feel when she sees your letter here? Yeah, probably the same way you felt when she called you a little whore. Your family probably doesn’t want to talk to you anymore because you’re the worst kind of bitch – the kind who blames everyone else around her for her own shortcomings. Plus, they probably know you’ll steal their valuables for drug money next! Go to counseling with your mother. You both sound like a couple of nut jobs. You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Vice President Mike Pence reportedly electrocuted himself accidentally after touching a light switch after getting out of the shower, while still wet. Ironically, the VP now claims that he is homosexual, and has planned a massive “coming out” party at the White House.Pence, who has long been known for his completely stupid views on homosexuality and believing that it can be cured via electro-shock therapy, is now referring to himself as “a big, flaming fag,” and says he’s never been happier.“Oh my God you guys, being gay is so wonderful and amazing. I mean, I wanna say I told you so, ’cause if I’m gay just from getting shocked, there’s no WAY that shocking couldn’t cause the opposite effect, ya know?” said Pence in a fun, sing-song voice. “But, you know, I’m just too damn giddy to even consider being negative like that. I’m the first gay man in power since Elton John’s Tiny Dancer was #1 on the charts. Ohh, baby!”The gay community, which is normally very happy when a major celebrity comes out, has withdrawn from Pence’s announcement, and calls it “truly stupid.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








Eight years ago, this writer walked into rehearsal for one of the most prestigious symphony choruses in the country.  At the time, I was a second soprano in that group (I actually have a higher voice than most of the firsts, but kept ending up at second) and one of maybe five members out of 130 or so who were not enamored of Barack Obama.  Not at all.  After eight years, memory fades as to which venue we were using that night, the main hall or the alternative site, but what doesn’t fade was the jubilation in the voice of one of the other sopranos when the director said, “I know we’re all concerned about the election,” and the female lawyer holding court in the back row said, “It’s going well,” over the heads of everyone else.Joy and exuberance were in the air.  It wasn’t until the break, about an hour an a half into the three hour rehearsal, that the stage cleared so that the liberals could get on their iPhones and check the returns, that the handful of conservatives sat by ourselves out there.  The only other woman, a fellow soprano quite a bit younger than me, shook her head, and we looked at each other.  “They have no idea what they’ve just done,” we practically said in unison.  (The same scenario repeated itself four years later with another person.)Eight years hence, the tables have turned.  And after eight years of keeping our mouths shut just to maintain friendships and professional relationships from which people in the arts – particularly those of us who are not union – gain gigs and connections, the conservatives among us still can’t fully come out of the closet.  The reason why was put on display Friday evening in New York.  (At this point, everyone out there knows what happened when Vice President-elect Mike Pence went to see Hamilton on Broadway. Not going to rehash it.)You see, we conservatives dare to be diverse in OPINION from the prevailing political paradigm in the arts: flat out liberalism as preached by the mainstream media.  And THAT is barely tolerated.  In fact, most of these people who are vehemently anti-church unless it’s for convenience or what we call a “church job” (section leader in a choir), feminist, pro-choice, open borders, and all that jazz, always assume the person they are talking to agrees with them.  It is an anathema to them that conservatives could possibly be in their midst.In the fourteen or so days since Donald Trump has been elected president, things like this have been appearing in my Facebook feed from my friend the lawyer from the back row of sopranos.She’s actually one of the more tolerant of the lot, but still…she’s caught in the NPR echo chamber.  In response, this writer posted this on Facebook.I’ll get to Antonio Vivaldi, a priest who had to give up being one for health reasons, teaching orphaned girls music so they could make a living later.  And the Belgian Jesuit who first posited the Big Bang Theory.  And Albertus Magnus who brought chemistry out of the age of alchemy.  We call him St. Albert the Great (he was a Dominican friar).This is honestly the thought paradigm of the truly privileged people in the arts, which is what makes Friday’s display of hubris from the Broadway cast of “Hamilton” so disgusting.  Larry O’Connor at HotAir puts it in perspective:My phone starting buzzing in the early hours Saturday morning as news of the “curtain-speech-heard-round-the-world” hit everyone’s Facebook page. Friends of mine who work on Broadway were sending me their personal opinions because they “could never say it out loud” and they were counting on me to speak on their behalf.I heard from an actor who pointed out that the performers on stage are in the most prominent position of privilege the industry could ever provide an actor. They appear in the hottest play in the country and have a steady Actor’s Equity contract with full benefits along with a job for the next decade, if they want it.The idea that these well-paid thespians represent “the diverse America” that is concerned with the direction of the country is absurd, this actor said. They represent the elite not just in this country, but in their own industry. It wasn’t lost on this actor friend of mine that these cast members live a far better lifestyle than the Americans they claim to represent.Another friend, an actor of color, regretted the message sent to any Republican or non-liberal who heard about this story over the weekend. The man came to the THEATRE with an obviously open mind and they chose to reject the gesture this friend said to me. “And you’re for tolerance and diversity?” the actor lamented.And that is where this writer’s experience with members of the chorus, a professional group for which most of us volunteered, is essentially the same.  The people on the stage that night eight years ago, the ones mourning the loss of their Utopia now, are almost entirely highly educated professionals in white collar jobs. For the most part, they live in lily-white suburbs or pockets of regentrified historic neighborhoods where few people aren’t just like them.  If they know people who are blue collar, or work on their feet, those people tend to be their lawn and pool guys.  Very few own their own businesses.  The teachers in question are largely public school union.And they are singing in one of the most exclusive groups in the country where a trip to Carnegie Hall every so many years is just part of the package.If that’s not privilege, what is?The irony of the entire situation lies in the reality that people at the top of the pyramid dare to lecture those actually trying to help the ones at the bottom.  The reality that Alexander Hamilton himself was all about what the cast of the musical that bears his name abhors is a bonus ironic twist.  And then there is this:Indeed I can tell you from first hand experience that in the theatre industry diversity is only skin-deep and genital-high. It’s the superficial and irrelevant differences of race, ethnicity, gender and sexuality that the members of the theatre community obsess over, not the more important and challenging intellectual diversity of opinions that they reject and ignore.In many ways, classical music bears the same markings.  The things this writer has heard from the podium….  I do have one friend, an organist, who is gay, and has a sad history that he still is trying to put behind him.  This guy is openly a raging conservative, but really he’s about the only one.  The others, if they are known as conservatives, are very quiet about it.  Our opinions and positions, no matter how well researched and defended, are simply not respected in the political arena among our arts peers.  It makes going out after rehearsals and gigs for bonding sessions a painful experience.The arts, actually, have forever been infested with what we call “liberals” today.  This is not a new phenomenon.  Chastising a member of the audience, on the other hand, has not been done directly from the cast before now.  (We won’t count the number of people affected by Mel Gibson’s “The Passion of the Christ.”)  It was done in very bad form.  And those of us who hail from the world of the arts and love it warts and all, are not happy at all that such an event happened regardless of the forgiving graciousness of the Vice President-elect.  The hospitality that the liberals among us claim to espouse was not on display.  There is no excuse for that.



MyVisits Counter








One thing is assured any time the pope – any pope – talks about a “controversial” topic.  People will listen.  Even people who have eschewed the Catholic Church and all she stands for if for no other reason to ridicule and lecture Catholics.  Well, Pope Francis made a change, again, in the absolution procedures for the sin of procuring, assisting in or causing an abortion, and all hell has broken loose.  Unlike earlier in the year when a procedural convenience was made permanent, this change actually is a change.Allow me to explain.In the full list of sins for Catholics, abortion is one of a handful that are so heinous, they are in a category that automatically incurs what is called latae sententiae excommunication.  That means that “by the act” the human puts himself or herself OUTSIDE of the Christian Community.  This is not a formal bull of excommunication that is posted for heresy (teaching or espousing that which is against the Church in one way or another), but a very personal sort of separation.  However, in order to have the excommunication lifted – this is a spiritual remedy, not a punishment – which would allow for absolution (it is not granted if one is excommunicated), there is some administrative paperwork that needs to happen.Earlier in his pontificate, Pope Francis officially transferred the paperwork procedure to the parishes for abortion, rather than sending it through the bishops’ offices, a practice that had been in place in the United States and other western nations infested with modernism for decades.  It just made things smoother.  With Monday’s move, Canon Law actually will have to be changed as the formal procedure of lifting the excommunication has been dropped.“I wish to restate as firmly as I can that abortion is a grave sin, since it puts an end to an innocent life,” the pope wrote. “In the same way, however, I can and must state that there is no sin that God’s mercy cannot reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking to be reconciled with the Father.”Speaking to reporters during a Vatican news conference Nov. 21, Archbishop Rino Fisichella said procuring an abortion still results in automatic excommunication the very moment the procedure is carried out.Sacramental absolution, therefore, is not just forgiving the sin of abortion, but also means “the excommunication is removed,” he said.Now that all priests have been given the faculty to lift the excommunication and grant absolution, the Code of Canon Law will have to be updated, said the archbishop, who is president of the Pontifical Council for Promoting New Evangelization, the office that organized events for the Year of Mercy.Pope Francis, truly, has picked up the baton of a number of late 19th century and 20th century figures in Catholicism when it comes to his message on God’s mercy.  The main proponent of the message was Pope Saint John Paul II, along with a Polish nun known to him during his life who was canonized during his pontificate.  Her name is St. Faustina, the Divine Mercy image to the left is taken from an entry in her papers, and her diary speaks of Divine Mercy in terms many never considered before. (It’s a tough, but good read.)  By declaring the just completed Year of Mercy, Pope Francis reminds the flock that returning to God is always possible, yes, even for those who are involved with abortion.  The Church is a hospital for sinners, not an exclusive club.In Catholicism, though, there is a catch to receiving absolution no matter what your sins.  Confession must be made, and the Penance (the real name of the Sacrament) must be carried out with a contrite heart.  We are supposed to be sorry for our sins.  That’s something a lot of us need to work on.



Free Visits Counter








Not many people in American media today speak as plainly as Fox News’ Judge Jeanine Pirro.  Very few can get away with the firey rhetoric, and blame laying, either.  So, when something in American life happens that sparks her ire, the crosshairs tighten over the target and BAM!On Saturday, November 19, the judge’s outright anger was aimed squarely at a cast of a popular Broadway musical, Hamilton, who saw fit to lecture Vice President-Elect Mike Pence at the Friday night performance in New York City. Pence was there with his family to take in the popular stage offering.  What the conservative Vice President-elect got after the curtain call was a lecture from an actor playing the part of one of the Founding Fathers of the United States of America who happened to disagree with everything the left advocates.  The Judge’s words to the cast during her opening statement were pointed, adult, and aimed at a class of entertainment workers who over estimate their importance.  Watch:“Out and out reverse racism and teed up hate.”  Not many Americans can get away with that statement in today’s politically correct culture.  Judge Jeanine, though, pretty much said the words that all the people who made #BoycottHamilton the most popular hashtag on the internet were thinking.  No matter what your personal preference, being rude to a man with no scandal attached to his name and who was just elected Vice President is unacceptable behavior.  Lecturing such a person is even more beyond the pale, especially when the subject matter is subjective and the premise of the statement wrong on its face to boot.Judge Jeanine, though, does hammer home a point about the entertainment industry that so many of the inmates of that particular asylum don’t get: art in the form of theater is generally not, at least not anymore, about delivering political messages.  In centuries past, yes, there were plays by notable playrights such as Pierre de Beaumarchais, and Shakespeare that were blatantly political.  Art is supposed to be inspirational and thought provoking, not hit one member of the audience over the head with a sermon just because you can.Such are the times in which we live, when public figures cannot even partake of life in America without being attacked by those they patronize as customers.  The whole episode is just mind-boggling.



My Traffic Estimate








Today, a young woman working for an anti-child trafficking organization was laid to rest.  Her name was Monica Petersen, and she turned up dead in Haiti on Sunday after posting “I Found A Smoking Gun” on social media.  Her friends and family are calling foul as her family cannot get believable information from Haitian authorities, and Ms. Petersen just happened to publicly post some reports that implicate the Clintons’ involvement in alleged human trafficking via a mine run by Hillary Clinton’s brother Tony Rodham.A compilation of the various threads from reddit, Facebook, Twitter, Imgur and more can be found on the Reddit The Donald page here.Go figure.  Just like any number of people either close to the Clintons or investigating them who could possibly end up a material witness during a trial, Ms. Petersen ends up dead.  This, for those following the “fake news” propaganda coming out of globalists, leftists, and the disgraced legacy media, is why there is a “Clinton Body Count.”  Monica Petersen’s name may well be added to it.According to several reports, Haiti has been a nexus for child trafficking for a number of years.  In fact, found in the thousands of emails released by WikiLeaks from John Podesta’s email account, information surfaced that Hillary Clinton assisted a Haitian woman, Laura Silsby, known to be involved in child trafficking in 2010 when she was caught trying to take 33 children – not orphans – out of Haiti.  The two women’s history is known to reach back at least fifteen years.  Also in the Podesta emails are several archaic conversations about pizza that have taken on the aura of internet lore (what some call conspiracy theories) known as #pizzagate, and reportedly is the tip of the iceberg in an international child trafficking ring.The rabbit hole gets very deep when one considers how many times Bill Clinton is known to have traveled Jeffrey Epstein’s private child molestation island.Did Monica Petersen get too close? A tenacious young woman investigating one of the most egregious crimes any human can commit, if she got too close to the criminal element and was known to them, it is a definite possibility.  A good friend of hers named Bella claims she found out what happened and is refusing to elaborate on public messaging boards.  Whatever the case is, the people around the Clintons and those investigating them sure do tend to end up dead.Additional information: this Twitter thread, and Steemit News.



Accurate Visits








Oh, to be young and stupid again.  Let’s face it, we all were at some point, and had no idea.  Eventually, though, we grew out of it, usually recognizing that there really is something to be learned from our elders.  (Usually.  Not always.)  The problem with the typical millennial is that they don’t realize that is a condition of every generation prior to their gaining three decades of experience of life on the planet. (By that time, if you don’t know that you don’t know jack, you’re probably a professor on a college campus.)Take the special snowflake who actually agreed to be interviewed by Tucker Carlson on his show Wednesday.  This millennial…well, doesn’t know what he doesn’t know.  Watch:Schools are now teaching that anyone from around the world has a right to come here to work, and always has?  Ellis Island doesn’t ring a bell, where newcomers were herded through the immigration lines, documented often with names misspelled, and then quarantined for months to be sure no disease was imported?  I hate to be the bearer of bad news to this little darling, but relatives of some ancestors got sent back to their countries of origin due to disease.  The people at the front of the line in those days were usually skilled labor.  In this writer’s family, even the skilled labor people had every intention of returning to the old country until there was a revolution.  They came here to find work, not draw a dole.LEGALLY.And that is the sticking point that Tucker tried to impress on this special snowflake.  If immigration law is ignored simply due to the low skill sets of the illegals coming into the country, why should ANY laws be obeyed?  The reality is that in the 19th century, this writer’s ancestors came to this side of the pond, some via Canada, to avoid starvation.  Others came due to the plentiful farmland.  Later, when zinc smelting needed workers, yet more emigrated.  All were hated in their time mostly due to being Catholic, and came in under quota systems.  But still, this was all legal.It is a sad truth that many illegals are here due to no fault of their own.  At the same time, it is not fair to those who have gone the legal route for someone to just come to this nation and expect all the same rights and privileges as a citizen.  That’s what Tucker tried to tell this young man, and what he stubbornly refused to see.



Live Stats For Website








Now that the powers that be at Twitter and Facebook are flexing their proverbial muscles and are busy messing with search algorithms and deleting accounts of the “alt-right” for hate speech, a new social media platform is getting a lot of attention.Gab, a social media site where the first amendment is printed on the splash page, and the bug symbol is Pepe the frog (a Spanish name for the symbol of the French?  Okay), was started in August 2016 in response to Breitbart’s Milo Yiannopoulos’ banishment from Twitter for harassment.  The idea of the platform is to allow unrestricted free speech, other than pornography, private information, threats and terrorism.  (That’s on the guidelines page.)  The look and feel of the site is described this way by The Guardian:Looking like a cleanly designed hybrid of Twitter and Reddit, it allows users to post updates without character limits, with memes, links and gifs.The Guardian goes on to say that the site supposedly has tens of thousands of people on a wait list.  This writer went to sign up, and this is what popped on the screen.Looks like a lot of conservatives got there before me.  According to the confirmation email, it may well take up to two weeks to become a gabber since demand is so high, and the system is still in beta.Those who have been able to get in – reportedly the service currently has tens of thousands of people on its waiting list – will see that many of the most read and upvoted content comes from alt-right accounts that have long since been bounced from Twitter. As a result, spending time on Gab feels like hanging out with exiled ghosts.It’s as if the political left did not think that the “alt-right” and other conservatives wouldn’t go looking for another way and place to congregate online.  (Do they really think we are that wishy washy and undetermined?)  The Guardian, and a number of other leftist, and left leaning publications claim that Gab is basically a gathering place for white supremacy racists, but the founder, Andrew Torba, says no.Gab founder and CEO of the service, Andrew Torba, insisted in a “gab” that “we welcome everyone and always will”. But so far, you need to look pretty hard to find accounts not posting a pro-Trump line.Torba also says that it is not “Twitter for racists”. But there is no shortage of racially charged material to be found there.The motto at Gab is #SpeakFreely, and that does have to include racists (that doesn’t mean that the other users can’t vote the material down, though).  So, who is speaking freely at Gab?  Ann Coulter, Paul Joseph Watson, Richard Spencer of the National Policy Institute, and other familiar names on the American political right bannished from other social media platforms for the crime of supporting Donald Trump for president.Torba, actually, was one of the few Silicon Valley visionaries who was pro-Trump.  The other people in the technological hotspot aren’t too happy with him, actually, and last week he was kicked out of Y Combinator, an incubation/venture capital/mentoring group that is considered to be one of the best tech company producers in the country.On Thursday, he doubled down on the triumphalism.The left wing has asserted full control of Twitter now, so the right wing will just have to make do with #Gab, #WeSearchr, Breitbart, the House of Representatives, the Senate, the Supreme Court, and the White House. #MAGA”Meanwhile Torba is ecstatic. Like Dickinson, he’s a pro-Trump Silicon Valley identity whose views and behavior have put him offside with some big players.Before Gab, he founded a social media ad automator. But just last week, he was banned from startup incubator Y Combinator after the organization alleged that he spoke in “a threatening, harassing way” to other members on Facebook in a succession of discussions where he supported Trump.But on Gab this Tuesday, he was celebrating the service’s newfound success: “Today has been Gab’s biggest day yet. Time to upgrade our hosting. :)”It could well be that Gab becomes a hang out for the #AltRight if no one else joins the party.  In the meantime, since Twitter and Facebook are exercising their version of social engineering via censorship, conservatives may as well congregate where we can at least talk without fear of retribution.For more information about Andrew Torba being exiled from Y Combinator, visit Breitbart. 



My Traffic Estimate








In the battle for the internet, the big question has to do with the United States maintaining control.  (So long as the companies in command aren’t bought out by foreign conglomerates, no worries.)  So far as the actual domain names are concerned, that is not an issue.  Physical storage of data, on the other hand, is becoming one.  Russia, for example, passed a law in 2014 that says social media data storage must be held on servers within Russia.  This week, social media networking site LinkedIn was found to be in violation of that law, and has been shut down in Vladimir Putin’s territory.The Kremlin says there’s nothing to worry about, but Russian social network users fear that blocking LinkedIn is only a first step.Many believe this ban is about censorship and control, not data protection. They’re concerned that more popular sites such as Facebook and Twitter will be next.One vivid cartoon shows the grim reaper, bearing the logo of Russia’s communications regulator, heading for a door with the Facebook logo. Behind him lies a trail of blood from attacks on other sites.Another user declares that the ban on LinkedIn marks “a new era in mass censorship,” while another fears that further restrictions will be creeping: “They’re like sadists, doing it bit by bit.”LinkedIn officials are interested in talking to Russian authorities to resolve the local data storage questions, as local service providers have already started shutting off access to the site.  At this time, the Russian government does not look to be ready to intervene should this issue turn into a bigger nightmare.However, the people of Russia are not happy with the appearance of censorship given the history of Soviet practices for several decades in the 20th century.Social media has played a critical role in organising opposition protests in Russia. Such sites have also become an increasingly important alternative source of information, as state control over traditional media has increased.If that is the case, LinkedIn is a curious first step given the nature of the platform.  But just like with anything else, starting up censorship has to begin somewhere. 



Free Visits Counter








Now that Donald Trump is President-elect, not just an American billionaire shooting his mouth off on the campaign trail, all of the various sectors of the world’s economy are starting to actually respond to what he had to say.  Take Saudi Arabia, for example.  When it looked like Hillary Clinton would win the White House, they didn’t say much as Donald Trump talked about the United States being energy independent.  Now that the preferred scenario for yhe Saudis did not pan out, they are facing the prospect that one of their two industries might well dry up.Saudi energy minister Khalid al-Falih warned this week that banning oil from his kingdom could backfire.“At his heart, President-elect Trump will see the benefits and I think the oil industry will also be advising him accordingly that blocking trade in any product is not healthy,” Falih told the Financial Times.The powerful Saudi minister added that “energy is the lifeblood of the global economy” and the U.S. “benefits more than anybody else from global free trade.”Just to interpret for Americans who do not believe in nuance, that’s a threat and a dare all rolled into one.  Buy oil from us, or else.  After all, the sale of oil is bankrolling Saudi Arabia’s OTHER industry: exporting and setting up Islam in nations where Christianity no longer carries zeal.Don’t know if the Saudis have been paying attention, but the world’s largest oil reserve was discovered in western Texas.  The announcement was made this week.  With modern technology, shipping oil across oceans just might not be needed anymore.Given the events of the last week as President-elect Trump has begun putting together his transition team and interviewing for the Cabinet, his modus operandi has begun to take shape.  He chooses his advisers carefully.  Those who he considers to be part of the problem are not consulted.  That universe may well include the lobbyists for OPEC, the cartel that controls oil output from almost all producers.At this time, the United States does import oil from around the world. The largest supplier is actually Canada.  Saudi Arabia is second with over a million barrels imported daily.Yes, oil is the lifeblood of the world economy.  However, the United States, technically, not only has the largest market for oil, but the largest reserves.  In a right side up economic situation, this should greatly benefit us.  President-elect Trump understands this, and aims to make that concept a reality.



WebPage Visits








Don’t know about anyone else, but if pharmaceutical companies want to make some quick cash, they need to market whatever ObamaCare architect and guru Jonathan Gruber is smoking or drinking.  He is totally delusional.(Remember Dr. Gruber?  He was the one caught on video talking about the stupidity of the American voter and how great a political advantage obscurity was.)Gruber appeared on Fox Business with Maria Bartiromo, a very smart, very honest woman who knows her stuff.  She started asking him about the economic impact of ObamaCare, and he denied that there was any.  No, really.  Watch:So, just so we have this straight:And Maria didn’t even get to the number of people in the nation, like a member of this household, whose hours were cut from 39 to 29 per week in order to keep them under the “full-time” threshold, thus assuring that they need to work a second job. But, according to Dr. Gruber who is inhaling something not quite right in that ivory tower, this is not empirical evidence or data and should not be used to determine whether or not ObamaCare is depressing the economy.Seriously, anything that causes those delusions could be more popular than most of the happy drugs on the market today.H/T – sundance



My Traffic Estimate








It’s beginning to sound like war is going to break out at Fox News.  Well, at least among the Irish assets.  (Yes, it’s complicated. Trust someone who is more Irish than anything else.) The verbally pugilistic prime time talking heads come at their jobs from different perspectives.  Okay, that’s fine.  But go the disloyal route, and at least one of the outspoken Irish is going to call you out.So it seemed was the case with Bill O’Reilly who appeared on CBS This Morning with best selling author James Patterson to talk about his own children’s book on manners which was just published. O’Reilly was asked about Megyn Kelly and some of the allegations she makes in HER book about Fox News, and he took a stance that started to sound like picking a fight.And then Billy proceeded to talk about it on his own show.WHEW! He is talking about Megyn Kelly who has been yakking about the internal atmosphere at Fox News in her “memoirs.”  (Uh, Megyn, you’re too young to be writing memoirs.  Too unimportant, too, even if you don’t believe that.)  Really, O’Reilly does have a point.  If you have a problem in the workplace, complaining about it so publicly is not the way to address the issue.  In fact, that action really should be a fireable offense.  (Point of fact, people have been fired for such things.)  For those of us who have our issues with Megyn Kelly – mainly that she dresses like she should be standing on a street corner, and doesn’t know when to retrench her interests – this was really rather refreshing to see.Bill O’Reilly and his style are not for everyone, but his position is completely defensible.  Sexual harassment is only considered so if the attentions are unwanted.  Why it took multi-million dollar lawsuits settle out of court to expose such an atmosphere – if it really exists – is another question.  If O’Reilly was not involved, even if he knew, staying out of the fray is the best course of action until one is called to a witness stand.Now, time to make snacks before the next round.



Website Stats








Every new leader has his or her own style.  Some are open and gregarious.  Some are micromanagers.  Some are dictators.  Donald Trump appears to be private.  At least about some things.  And to the mainstream media posse that follows around the president-elect, and/or the president himself, that privacy is a barrier to them doing their jobs.  Supposedly.See, on Tuesday evening, the Trump media pool was told the day was done.  Nothing else would be happening at Trump Tower.  Then, later on in the evening, a reporter at Bloomberg posted this on Twitter:
Trump and the family went to the 21 Club in New York City for dinner – and they ditched the press.Most Americans would be chuckling under their breaths at giving the media the slip.  Really, does every detail of the man’s life HAVE to be broadcast to the world?  According to the people who follow the president around, yes.  However, Donald Trump has other ideas and the press is not amused by them.  On the campaign trail, they were not permitted on his plane, and routinely Trump has decried the way in which facts and events were reported.  This is setting up a contentious relationship that will undoubtedly continue when the man moves into the White House.With his Tuesday night actions, the Trump Administration is shaping up to be the least accessible to the public and the press in modern history.At this point, the mainstream media is smarting due to inattention, actually, which could be adding to the rancor.  Trump has not held a press conference since summer, and there has not been one mention of when he might hold a presser in the future.  Previous president-elects have at least held press conferences.  The Trump camp does not seem inclined to do so any time in the future.Many of us out here on the fruited plain are anxious to actually see a Trump press conference once he’s in office.  The media’s big word on administrations fawning over them is “transparency.”  The complaints are already starting that Trump is setting up the least transparent administration in modern memory (they seem to forget Helen Thomas taking apart of Obama’s press secretaries on that score), and all the man wanted to do was take his family to dinner.



WebPage Visits








One of the keystone issues of President-Elect Donald Trump’s campaign was the promise to deport illegal aliens who commit crimes in the United States.  This should be a no brainer, but due to the concept of “sanctuary cities,” such people essentially can find asylum within the nation in any one of these locales – all run by Democrats, by the way.On Tuesday, after President-Elect Trump once again reiterated the reality that criminal illegal aliens needed to be deported, the police chiefs in Denver and Los Angeles vowed not to cooperate with federal officials in turning over such people to be removed from the country.Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said Monday that the force would not change its stance on immigration enforcement, the Los Angeles Times reported. The move is an apparent act of defiance against the president-elect’s promise to deport or imprison up to 3 million undocumented immigrants after his inauguration.Since 1979, the LAPD has barred officers from contacting people solely to investigate whether they are in the country legally, the LA Times noted. During Beck’s tenure, the department also stopped bringing suspects in minor crimes to federal authorities.“I don’t intend on doing anything different,” Beck told the newspaper. “We are not going to engage in law enforcement activities solely based on somebody’s immigration status. We are not going to work in conjunction with Homeland Security on deportation efforts. That is not our job, nor will I make it our job.”Also defiant in the face of growing popular sentiment that violent criminals be deported, is the Denver Police Department:“Immigration enforcement is handled at the federal level, not by local law enforcement,” Denver Police spokesman Doug Schepman said in a statement. “The Denver Police Department has not participated in those enforcement efforts in the past and will not be involved in the future.”In order to find the illegal alien suspects of crime, federal law enforcement needs the cooperation of local officials.  Local LEOs are the ones on the ground.  Refusing to help the federal forces, the U.S. Marshalls Service and the FBI, may not go over very well.  Trump also has threatened to revoke sanctuary city funding for the municipalities that refuse to cooperate.Any way it’s sliced, this may not be all that smart a move on their parts.



Unique Hits








Just to change things up, since People Magazine FINALLY recognized the sexy virility of professional soccer players in naming England’s David Beckham to the title, in 2016, the popular supermarket offering gives us a former wrestler and actor as the “Sexiest Man Alive.”Not to discount Dwayne Johnson, because he’s really not bad looking, but what about this?Okay, the sheer number of tats Argentina’s Lio Messi sports can be offputting, but International Football also gives us Cristiano Ronaldo, even if he is from Portugal (in big league soccer this is a problem):But, no, sexiest man alive goes to Dwayne Johnson.  And what does he have to say about it?Johnson is expecting to get some grief from his friends over the title.“It’s coming now. I can just imagine how it’s going to be,” the former wrestling champion says with a big laugh. “But see, here’s the thing: They give me grief, but they all wish. They all wish.”What makes Johnson sexy? “This is the kind of question that gets me into trouble,” he jokes. In all seriousness, he says “a sense of humor” is probably the sexiest thing about himself. “And I think probably just not trying to be sexy and just being cool and confident in your movies,” the Jumanji actor adds. “I think with a lot of my fans, I’ve gotten to a very, very cool place where there’s a direct line between the man they know off-screen and the man they see on-screen.”Dwayne, honey, please, check your man card at the door.So, guys, the real secret to being sexy is to take care of yourself and dress like you care…well, and wearing a kilt.  And, while you’re at it, please, put the seat down.



Measure Website Visitors








Former President George W. Bush has a soul after all.  Every now and then word would leak out that he and Vice President Dick Cheney regularly met with the families of those killed in the War on Terror.  It was seen then, as now, as a classy gesture to at least acknowledge that war is hell and families losing their sons and daughters to it was no joke to the pair.After his time in the White House, the former Chief Executive took up oil painting.  As the creative arts go, those who paint, oil and otherwise, after a traumatic experience find the activity cathartic in a way, kind of like the peace of fishing.  After eight years, President Bush 43 now reveals that he has taken to painting portraits of warriors from the Middle East campaign.From President Bush’s Facebook account:Over the past several months, I’ve painted the portraits of 98 wounded warriors I’ve gotten to know – remarkable men and women who were injured carrying out my orders. I think about them on #VeteransDay and every day. Their paintings and stories will be featured in PORTRAITS OF COURAGE – a book and special exhibit – next spring, and I am donating all my proceeds to the George W. Bush Presidential Center and our Military Service Initiative’s work to honor and support them.The Portraits of Courage exhibit will be open for public at the George W. Bush Presidential Center March 2-October 1, 2017.  A book, most likely a portrait-sized coffee table edition, will accompany the exhibit.  From the Portraits of Courage webpage:Our men and women in uniform have faced down enemies, liberated millions, and in doing so showed the true compassion of our nation. Often, they return home with injuries—both visible and invisible—that intensify the challenges of transitioning into civilian life. In addition to these burdens, research shows a civilian-military divide. Seventy-one percent of Americans say they have little understanding of the issues facing veterans, and veterans agree: eighty-four percent say that the public has “little awareness” of the issues facing them and their families. 



Measure Website Visitors








Read more: Daily Mail








Watch the fascinating analysis of Rice’s body language here:The latest news from The Daily Caller proves that Susan Rice was lying in her PBS interview:Former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice ordered U.S. spy agencies to produce “detailed spreadsheets” of legal phone calls involving Donald Trump and his aides when he was running for president, according to former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova.“What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,” diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday.“The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,” diGenova said. “In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls.”Two weeks after the PBS interview shown by the body language expert, watch Susan Rice admit to unmasking “U.S. persons” included in intelligence reports to MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell:








BREAKING: In UN, Amb. Haley shows images of children victimized by Syria chemical attack: “Look at those pictures!” https://t.co/iVGlbSX3fz— NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) April 5, 2017“We saw rows of lifeless bodies, some still in diapers, some with visible scars of a chemical weapons attack.”What option do we have after Syria’s Assad gassed his own people? Russia and Iran are assisting Syria so that makes it even harder to deal with:“If Russia has the influence in Syria that it claims to have, we need to see them use it. The truth is that Assad, Russia, and Iran have no interest in peace. We know that yesterday’s attack was a new low, even for Assad’s regime.”Nikki Haley following yesterday’s attack in Syria: “How many more children have to die before Russia cares?” https://t.co/0ICwAh1wuC— Axios (@axios) April 5, 2017What’s the end game here?Preisdent Trump called out Obama for establishing a red line but doing nothing about it.
“When the UN consistently fails in its duty to act collectively, there are times…we are compelled to take our own action” – Nikki Haley








A Muslim teenager from New Jersey was accepted to the prestigious Stanford University after he wrote “#BlackLivesMatter” a hundred times on his college application.Ziad Ahmed, a senior who attends the $34,600 a year private Princeton Day School, posted his acceptance letter–and the essay that helped get him accepted–on Twitter. The tweet shows that when he was prompted to answer the question, “What matters to you, and why?” Ahmed simply wrote the hashtag “#BlackLivesMatter” one hundred times.In his acceptance letter, Stanford emphasized how the university loved the “passion, determination, accomplishments and heart” shown in Ahmed’s application. They also said he will be joining a “diverse, joyful, and welcoming campus community with a shared determination to make our world better” if he chooses to attend Stanford.In an interview with Mic, Ahmed said, “I was actually stunned when I opened the update and saw that I was admitted.”“I didn’t think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it’s quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,” he added.Ahmed said he included a reference to Black Lives Matter because he feels “unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application.”“To me, to be Muslim is to be a BLM ally, and I honestly can’t imagine it being any other way for me,” Ahmed explained. “Furthermore, it’s critical to realize that one-fourth to one-third of the Muslim community in America are black … and to separate justice for Muslims from justices for the black community is to erase the realities of the plurality of our community.”Happy birthday to my role model, @lsarsour! As an American-Muslim youth today, she inspires/empowers me through her advocacy. Grateful. pic.twitter.com/u1YdU3tlyt— Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) March 19, 2017Ahmed’s Twitter profile includes more of his activism and political leanings. On his Twitter page, Ahmed has a profile photo with former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, a background photo with former President Obama, a photo with Women’s March organizer and terrorist sympathizer Linda Sarsour, and a photo with Teen Vogue writer Lauren Duca, who famously said President Trump is “gaslighting America” and defended Ivanka Trump being harassed.Although Ahmed’s application mentioned his support for Black Lives Matter, according to the College Board website, Stanford is 36 percent white, 21 percent Asian, 16 percent Hispanic or Latino, 10 percent two or more races, 9 percent non-resident alien, but only 6 percent black or African American. – MRCTV








DEMS,The“Merrick Garland”SHIP HAS SAILED‼️ Let It Go…OR….Do You Want Some 🧀 To Go With Your WHINE⁉️This Tantrum Wreaks Of Desperation— Cher (@cher) April 4, 2017Don’t be fooled by Cher’s tweet to Democrats in Congress. She’s not planning to switch parties anytime soon. Only 3 days ago, Cher warned her followers that if they don’t act now (We’re assuming she means acting against the “evil” Donald Trump and the horrible human beings who’ve bought into his “Make America Great Again” mantra) it will be the end of America and the end of the world:WATCHING“ALL THE PRESIDENTS MEN“.🚽ADMINISTRATION 💯X’SMORE TREACHEROUS,FRAUDULENT, DUPLICITOUS,HORRIFYING☠️IF WE DONT ACT,🚽WILL🐝END OF🇺🇸&🌎— Cher (@cher) April 1, 2017








WATCH: Susan Rice insists “I leaked nothing to nobody” https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN— MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017“I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today.”What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn’t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:Andrew McCarthy said it best:“The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president’s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests.”The bottom line is that laws were broken when the names were unmasked…Someone’s in BIG trouble!








CHRIS CUOMO and other main stream anchors wasted no time in weighing in on the Susan Rice unmasking scandal. Even Susan Rice went out to debunk any claims of spying by the Obama administration. The problem is that the truth is out there AND IT’S NOT FAKE!
Could it be that the Obama administration will finally be called out on their corruption? While Obama claimed there were no scandals during his 8 years, we all know there were many:
Fast & Furious, Benghazi and many other covered up scandals.
It honestly doesn’t matter if the liberal media ignores this current scandal. It only matters that these people are held accountable. In the meantime, Susan Rice appeared on Andrea Mitchell. She claimed to not leak “nothing to nobody”…Did you catch that double negative? There might be more to that because she’s using words in the two sentences very carefully. What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn’t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him.
The bottom line is that laws were broken when the names were unmasked…Someone’s in BIG trouble!Susan Rice pleading ignorance – lying through her teeth:Susan Rice today:Susan Rice is using Russia to cover up crimes perpetrated by her & the entire Obama administration! #TRUMP #MAGA pic.twitter.com/Tmu7p8anH0— Trump Super PAC 🇺🇸 (@TrumpSuperPAC) April 4, 2017








Remember the emotional testimony of Wetumpka Tea Party leader Becky Garritson:The documents were produced after a revelation by the IRS that it had located “an additional 6,924 documents of potentially responsive records” relating to a 2015 Judicial Watch Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit about the Obama IRS targeting scandal. The FOIA lawsuit seeks records about the IRS’ selection of individuals and organizations for audits based upon applications requesting nonprofit tax status filed by Tea Party and other 501(c)(4) tax-exempt organizations (Judicial Watch v. Internal Revenue Service (No. 1:15-cv-00220)).Of the 695 pages of documents released by the IRS, 422 (61%) were withheld in their entirety. These newly identified records are not records that were contained in the “Congressional Database,” which the IRS created in 2013 to house records responsive to congressional inquiries into the IRS scandal.Included among the newly released  material is a June 20, 2013, memo from Karen Schiller, then-Acting Director, EO Rulings and Agreement, suspending use of the controversial Be on the Lookout (BOLO) and Touch and Go (TAG) lists:EO Rulings and Agreements is undertaking a comprehensive review of screening and identification of critical issues. We intend to develop proper procedures and uses for these types of documents. Until a more formal process for identification, approval and distribution of this type of data is established, Rulings and Agreements will not use this technique to elevate issues.In an August 9, 2013, memo, Schiller admitted the IRS used political labels in targeting the groups for special scrutiny and possible audit and that, going forward, the agency would screen organizations based only on their activities, “not words” or “labels of any kind:”As Acting Commissioner Danny Werfel has said, the IRS has taken decisive action to eliminate the use of inappropriate political labels in the screening of 501(c)(4) applications. IRS policy is now clear that screening is based on activity, not words in a name. The new steps and current policies were outlined in the June 24 report, which noted: “In the absence of BOLO lists, the Determinations Unit will continue to screen for information affecting the determination of applications for tax exempt status, including activity tied to political campaign intervention, but it [will] be done without regard to specific labels of any kind.” The 30-day report also reflects the June 20, 2013 memorandum, which was issued to officially suspend the use of the BOLO list in the screening process.The documents also include a “Dear Applicant” letter which offers an “expedited process” for 501(c)(4)s in exchange for restriction on their activities:This optional expedited process is currently available only to applicants for 501(c)(4) status with applications pending for more than 120 days as of May 28, 2013, that indicate the organization may be involved in political campaign intervention.In this optional process, an organization will represent that it satisfies, and will continue to satisfy, set percentages with respect to the level of its social welfare activities and political campaign intervention activities (as defined in the specific instructions on pages 5-7). These percentage representations are not an interpretation of law but are a safe harbor for those organizations that choose to participate in the optional process.On September 30, 2013, Acting Director, Exempt Organizations, Kenneth C. Corbin, sent a memo to IRS staff providing detailed guidance on classifying applications when “‘merit approval’ is not an option,” emphasizing that the determination is to be based on “facts and circumstances,” not “words and labels:”Classifier reviews the application and determines if it should be routed to a specialty group. This determination is based upon facts and circumstances of the stated activities within Part II of the application rather than names or labels. This is consistent with Karen Schiller’s August 9, 2013 memorandum …The Schiller and Corbin memos came on the heels of the May 14, 2013, Inspector General report revealing that the IRS had singled out groups using conservative-sounding terms such as “patriot” and “Tea Party” when applying for tax-exempt status. The IG probe determined that “Early in Calendar Year 2010, the IRS began using inappropriate criteria to identify organizations applying for tax-exempt status (e.g., lists of past and future donors)” and “delayed processing of targeted groups’ applications” in advance of the 2012 presidential election.Of the 422 withheld pages, 98% (all but nine) cited the FOIA “deliberative process” provision under FOIA Exemption 5.“No wonder the Obama IRS has been hiding these records. The new smoking-gun documents contain admissions by the Obama IRS that it inappropriately targeted conservative groups,” said Judicial Watch President, Tom Fitton. “But the records also show that the abuse continued – as the Obama IRS tried to force conservative applicants to give up their First Amendment rights in order to finally get their applications granted.”Previously, Judicial Watch released IRS documents containing email correspondence dated April 2, 2013, from former IRS Director of Exempt Organizations, Lois Lerner, to internal IRS investigators revealing the inappropriate BOLO criteria used to select conservative organizations for screening and scrutiny:The screening [Cincinnati field office] group manager asked his employees how they were applying the BOLO’s short-hand reference to “tea party.” His employees responded that they were including organizations meeting any of the following criteria as falling within the BOLO’s reference to “tea party” organizations: “1. ‘Tea Party’, ‘Patriots’ or ‘9/12 Project’ is referenced in the case file. 2. Issues include government spending, government debt and taxes. 3. Educate the public through advocacy/legislative activities to make America a better place to live. 4. Statements in the case file that are critical of the how the country is being run …”Via: Judicial Watch








With Senate Republicans poised to use the “nuclear option” to confirm Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, will the liberal media hypocritically accuse them of a power grab? In 2013, when then-Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid did basically the same thing, he was cheered on in the studios of MSNBC and CNN.Back then MSNBC’s Chris Hayes hailed it as “an affirmative win for democracy,” while his colleague Rachel Maddow blurted “This is a huge freaking deal. This is like 3-inch headlines. This is like people who don’t even care about politics really ought to care about this.”Over on CNN, political analyst Paul Begala hailed the nakedly partisan maneuver by Reid as necessary, whining that Republicans had “so abused” the filibuster that Democrats “can’t take it anymore.” And Begala’s colleague Ron Brownstein approved of Reid’s decision as a forward-thinking move: “The idea of requiring a super majority for the president to appoint his nominees just is anachronistic.”But the cable network news hosts and analysts weren’t the only ones championing the nuclear option. On the pages of the Los Angeles Times, Reid’s move was celebrated in a November 22 editorial “Democrats bust the filibuster, and good for them.”The Times editorial board crowed: “We welcome this action not because it represents a comeuppance for arrogant Republicans but because filibustering presidential nominees is undemocratic and violates the spirit if not the letter of the Constitution, which says that the president shall appoint judges and other officials ‘by and with the advice and consent of the Senate’ — not by and with a supermajority of the Senate.” The Times went on to call it “a victory not just for the Democrats but for good government.”– Newsbusters








DNC Chair Tom Perez was on MSNBC (video below) to answer to critics who didn’t like his nasty speech last week.He appeared at an event held by New Jersey Working Families Alliance, a re-branded ACORN agency and gave a hateful and divisive speech. He claimed that,”Republicans don’t give a sh*t about people”. Why the Democrats picked this far left radical is puzzling unless the Democrats plan on going full commie…Perez is connected to the radical open borders group La Raza. Something tells us that Obama made this pick for the Democrats.
Check out a defiant Perez doubling down on is nastiness:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT AND VIDEO BELOW:Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e’s in cahoots with Obama to continue the “fundamental transformation” of America. Anyone who’s a Democrat should be shocked that he’s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you’ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it’s not a good one for any American.“DONALD TRUMP DIDN’T WIN”WATCH ENTIRE VIDEO: “Republicans don’t give a sh*t about people”








The most laughable “news” network in America just proved how unreliable they are when it comes to honestly covering the news. CNN’s leftist propagandist host Don Lemon actually told viewers they would not be covering the most important story in the news because fake news publication “The Washington Post” says, “there is no evidence that the Trump team was spied on illegally.” He also claimed the story is nothing more than a “diversion”. In other words, we don’t want you to believe that this scandal is real so we’re not going to report about it…Watch:








During her Tuesday interview with MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell, former National Security Advisor Susan Rice for the first time admitted to unmasking “U.S. persons” included in intelligence reports.“There’s no equivalence between unmasking and leaking. The effort to ask for the identify of an American citizen is necessary to understand the intelligence report in some circumstances.” –Daily CallerBut only less than 2 weeks ago, on March 22nd, Susan Rice told PBS host Judy Woodroof that she knew nothing about the unmasking of people being investigated. Watch the video below, as she pretty much lies through her teeth.








Here’s a special public service announcement created to silence the angry, “Impeach Trump” leftists…Free of charge.SHARE it with all of your liberal friends…From the Left coast of California to the East coast of New York, liberals across America are calling for the impeachment of President Trump. The next time you hear or see someone calling for Trump’s impeachment, share this handy little succession guide with them. Nothing will silence a liberal faster than this visual explaining their options:  #Winning








While Obama hangs out in Tahiti, his NSA director Susan Rice and her deputy director Ben Rhodes, brother of David Rhodes CBS News president, appear to be two of the key figures behind the surveillance of Donald Trump’s campaign. What was Hillary’s role in this massive scandal? Why is the media not questioning her? Does anyone really believe she had nothing to do with this? Meanwhile, not surprisingly at CBS News you can find the latest headline:The CBS News headline is followed up by two paragraphs citing the Washington Post (one of the “news” publications who sat on the Susan Rice spying story). The story is clearly a distraction from the real news, which is that Susan Rice and the CBS News president’s bother were behind the surveillance of Trump’s campaign. Apparently, CBS News thinks that an alleged “secret meeting” between a DONOR of President Trump and a “Russian close to Putin” with an “agenda that remains unclear” is somehow supposed to be relevant or important to the American people in the midst of a spying case that makes President Nixon look like an amateur:WASHINGTON – The United Arab Emirates arranged a secret meeting in January between an American businessman supporting then President-elect Trump and a Russian close to President Vladimir Putin as part of an apparent effort to establish a back-channel line of communication between Moscow and the incoming president, The Washington Post reports.Citing U.S., European and Arab officials, the Post said the UAE agreed to broker the meeting in part to explore whether Russia could be persuaded to curtail its relationship with Iran, including in Syria, a Trump administration objective that would be likely to require major concessions to Moscow on U.S. sanctions. The full agenda remains unclear, the newspaper said.Daily Caller – Former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice ordered U.S. spy agencies to produce “detailed spreadsheets” of legal phone calls involving Donald Trump and his aides when he was running for president, according to former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova.“What was produced by the intelligence community at the request of Ms. Rice were detailed spreadsheets of intercepted phone calls with unmasked Trump associates in perfectly legal conversations with individuals,” diGenova told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group Monday.“The overheard conversations involved no illegal activity by anybody of the Trump associates, or anyone they were speaking with,” diGenova said. “In short, the only apparent illegal activity was the unmasking of the people in the calls.”Also on Monday, Fox News and Bloomberg News, citing multiple sources reported that Rice had requested the intelligence information that was produced in a highly organized operation. Fox said the unmasked names of Trump aides were given to officials at the National Security Council (NSC), the Department of Defense, James Clapper, President Obama’s Director of National Intelligence, and John Brennan, Obama’s CIA Director.Joining Rice in the alleged White House operations was her deputy Ben Rhodes, according to Fox.Critics of the atmosphere prevailing throughout the Obama administration’s last year in office point to former Obama Deputy Defense Secretary Evelyn Farkas who admitted in a March 2 television interview on MSNBC that she “was urging my former colleagues,” to “get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can, before President Obama leaves the administration.”Farkas sought to walk back her comments in the weeks following: “I didn’t give anybody anything except advice.”Col. (Ret.) James Waurishuk, an NSC veteran and former deputy director for intelligence at the U.S. Central Command, told TheDCNF that many hands had to be involved throughout the Obama administration to launch such a political spying program.“The lawyers and counsel at the NSA surely would be talking to the lawyers and members of counsel at CIA, or at the National Security Council or at the Director of National Intelligence or at the FBI,” he said. “It’s unbelievable of the level and degree of the administration to look for information on Donald Trump and his associates, his campaign team and his transition team. This is really, really serious stuff.”Michael Doran, former NSC senior director, told TheDCNF Monday that “somebody blew a hole in the wall between national security secrets and partisan politics.” This “was a stream of information that was supposed to be hermetically sealed from politics and the Obama administration found a way to blow a hole in that wall.”“That’s a felony,” he told TheDCNF. “And you can get 10 years for that. It is a tremendous abuse of the system. We’re not supposed to be monitoring American citizens. Bigger than the crime, is the breach of public trust.”“We’re looking at a potential constitutional crisis from the standpoint that we used an extremely strong capability that’s supposed to be used to safeguard and protect the country,” he said. “And we used it for political purposes by a sitting President. That takes on a new precedent.”For entire story: Daily Caller








Judge Napolitano explains what’s going on as only he can do – He does a great job!“The Senate has a rule they can force the senate to raise the majority to 60…that’s called a filibuster.”
Napolitano goes on the explain that the Dems are furious because Obama’s pick for the court wasn’t given his day. They also obviously feel Gorsuch is too conservative. The hypocrisy of the Democrats and Chuck Schumer is exposed when a video of past approval for Gorsuch is shown. Schumer, Blumenthal and Nelson are voting no. Democrats who are up for reelection are voting yes.Orrin Hatch on Democrats: “They’re politicizing this whole process. This is a guy who is a mainstream conservative, which they hate. They don’t like that. And of course, they are still upset about my other friend, Merrick Garland. But the Republicans had every right to delay that within a presidential election year.”“I can’t go back in time and show you any case where in a presidential election year they allowed a Supreme Court justice to be nominated unless both sides agreed. And both sides didn’t agree.”








A Salt Lake City town hall held by Republican Rep. Chris Stewart was hijacked by left wing activists who went ballistic when Stewart said he supports building the border wall. Notice how he totally caved on all pro-illegal issues except the wall. The crowd was there to persuade this weak congressman to cave on building the wall too.A hispanic man in the crowd asked Stewart if he supports Trump’s budget which includes funding for the wall. He claimed Trump would be “tearing families apart” if he builds the wall. This is a tired claim that open borders advocates use. It’s supposed to tug at your heart strings. Did those families think about being split up when they came here illegally? Parents sent their children to make the dangerous trip. Were these parents thinking of their children then?
Obama’s policy of catch and release only fueled the illegals desire to make the dangerous trip through the desert to America. He’s responsible for much of the mess we’re in now. Why should these illegals get anything but a trip back home?
Americans should realize that there are people like Obama who believe in open borders and that America should be “fundamentally transformed”. The new DNC Chair is for open borders!
By flooding our towns with illegals and refugees, we will be “fundamentally transformed” – We need to resist this effort to drown out the silent majority by making it the minority.“I do support securing our border,” Stewart said to raucous boos from a crowd that, apparently, believes America should have no borders.He said that, while he does support a secure border, he also supports a plan to give legal status, short of citizenship, to illegal immigrants who have committed no other crime other than entering the nation illegally.And though the crowd cheered momentarily, they weren’t satisfied with that answer.They demanded to know if Stewart supported the building of a border wall with Mexico.“Are you asking if I support the wall? Yeah, of course I do,” he said.NOTICE THE SIGNS ARE ALL THE SAME – PAID SOROS PROTESTERS?








Ambassador John Bolton was on Lou Dobbs tonight to comment on the Susan Rice news. It’s being reported that she called for the unmasking of names for likely political reasons. if that’s the case then she can be charged with fraud…She should lawyer up ASAP. Reports are showing that the unmasking and spying increased as it came closer to Trump’s inauguration. That could be the clue that this was stricly political.
Who can forget her lies on 5 different morning shows after Benghazi. She’s clearly someone who has zero credibility and who should be investigated for using intelligence for political purposes. Throw her in the slammer or give her immunity and make her talk?John Bolton –  “This is stunning news. And you can’t, even somebody as senior as the National Security Advisor, can’t just decide they’d like to unmask names to find out whose name is involved in a particular intercept… If she said that even somebody as senior as her but her real motivation was political she was committing a kind of fraud on the intelligence gathering system and if she participated in that kind of fraud to help the political misuse of that intelligence she’s got serious legal problems here.”.@AmbJohnBolton says Susan Rice defrauded the intelligence system: “She’s got real legal problems here.” #MAGA #Dobbs @POTUS pic.twitter.com/IIqdBN5AS0— Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) April 3, 2017OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON SUSAN RICE FROM ADAM HOUSLEY:FOX NEWS ALERT: New details on @adamhousley's report; sources telling him the official who 'unmasked' Trump associates is 'very high up' pic.twitter.com/nowhUIIDSb— FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 3, 2017








According to court records, Geek Squad technician John “Trey” Westphal, an FBI informant, reported he accidentally located on a customer’s computer an image of “a fully nude, white prepubescent female on her hands and knees on a bed, with a brown choker-type collar around her neck.” Westphal notified his boss, Justin Meade, also an FBI informant, who alerted colleague Randall Ratliff, another FBI informant at Best Buy, as well as the FBI. Claiming the image met the definition of child pornography and was tied to a series of illicit pictures known as the “Jenny” shots, agent Tracey Riley seized the hard drive.Not necessarily a problem, considering companies performing computer/electronic device repair are legally required to report discovered child porn to law enforcement. The difference here is the paycheck. This Geek Squad member had been paid $500 for digging around in customers’ computers and reporting his findings to the FBI. That changes the motivation from legal obligation to a chance to earn extra cash by digging around in files not essential to the repair work at hand.The allegations are made by lawyers for a California doctor charged with possessing child pornography, after the doctor took his computer to a Best Buy store for repair. Computers which require data recovery are typically sent from Best Buy stores around the country to a central Geek Squad City facility in Brooks, Ky., and customers consent to having their computers searched — and turned over to authorities if child porn is found.While there is no question that Geek Squad technicians have notified authorities after finding child porn, the new court documents assert that there is a deeper relationship than has previously been revealed between the company and federal authorities. The court is now considering the extent of that relationship and whether it is grounds to throw out a pending child porn case, though it could also have ramifications for the dozens of cases which originate from the Kentucky facility annually.Defense lawyers for the doctor argue that Geek Squad City’s technicians acted as government agents by receiving payments from the FBI, regularly speaking with and referring cases to the FBI, and creating a program to search for child porn. If a government agent wants to search a computer, they need a warrant, and the case has raised issues of privacy invasion and violation of constitutional search and seizure rights.Both Best Buy and the U.S. attorney’s office in Los Angeles deny any violations in the search of surgeon Mark Rettenmaier’s hard drive, for which the FBI obtained a warrant after being contacted by a Geek Squad supervisor. That in turn led to a warrant and search of Rettenmaier’s home, which led to the discovery of “thousands of images of child pornography,” according to a reply brief by assistant U.S. attorneys Anthony Brown and Gregory Scally.Underneath it all is the perplexing and disturbing aversion to adhering to the Fourth Amendment we’ve seen time and time again from law enforcement agencies, both at local and federal levels. Anything that can be done to avoid seeking a warrant, and anything that creates an obfuscatory paper trail, is deployed to make sure the accused faces an even more uphill battle once they arrive in court.Read more: WaPo








Intelligence sources said the logs discovered by National Security Council staff suggested Rice’s interest in the NSA materials, some of which included unmasked Americans’ identities, appeared to begin last July around the time Trump secured the GOP nomination and accelerated after Trump’s election in November launched a transition that continued through January.The intelligence reports included some intercepts of Americans talking to foreigners and many more involving foreign leaders talking about the future president, his campaign associates or his transition, the sources said. Most if not all had nothing to do with the Russian election interference scandal, the sources said, speaking only on condition of anonymity given the sensitive nature of the materials.SUSAN RICE CLAIMS TO NOT HAVE A CLUE OF THE SPYING: “I know nothing about this” – The question from Judy Woodruff is at the beginning of the video. The entire interview is interesting because of what we know now.Read more: Circa News








A pair of high school students who take classes at SUNY Oswego via a specialized program are upset at an assignment their “Principles of Literary Representation” class received: Defend Hitler’s Final Solution.CiTi/BOCES New Vision program teacher Michael DeNobile handed out a “Top Secret memorandum” to the class “addressed to senior Nazi party members.” It asked students “to put themselves in the shoes of Adolf Hitler’s top aides,” according to a report at Syracuse.com.Students Archer Shurtliff and Jordan April, who ended up on opposite sides of the, er, “debate” wondered: Does DeNobile really want students to argue in favor of “the Nazis’ justification for genocide?”Although the lesson does tell students it is “not for you to be sympathetic to the Nazi point of view,” and is just “an exercise on expanding your point of view,” Shurtliff and April allege it created a rather intolerant atmosphere.One student did a Nazi salute in class, they say, and another said he wished he’d been assigned the pro-Holocaust side “because Heil Hitler, duh.”From the story:The students brought their concerns over the assignment to DeNobile, administrators in the New Vision program and educators at their home schools.The classroom assignment took them on a mission: To make sure no other student would be asked to argue in favor of killing Jews again.They carefully documented each meeting and conversation with their teachers. They researched other cases, including one in which a teacher was disciplined.They came up with dozens of alternate assignments and materials that didn’t force kids to argue on behalf of mass killings. They contacted the Anti-Defamation League, which advocates for Jews.Within a few days, an alternative assignment was offered. Jordan wrote about America’s AIDS crisis and response. Archer wrote about the internment of Japanese-Americans and compensation paid to survivors.The students said they weren’t satisfied with the administration’s response.They are calling for an apology, for the program to retract the assignment completely, and agree to never give it again.Despite the alternative assignment offered, many chose to stick with the original.Archer and Jordan say DeNobile and administrators defended the assignment, claiming they were told “the essay was a lesson in having to do things you don’t like, and in seeing the other side of an argument.”But Shurtliff shoots down this rationalization rather easily: “It’s settled opinion. You can’t say that Jews deserve to die. It should be a settled thing.”In a letter to New Vision officials, Anti-Defamation League Education Director Beth Martinez wroteThere is no assignment that could ever be given to students that even hints at their [sic] being “two sides” to the “Final Solution”/Holocaust that would be pedagogically or morally sound, and we are very disturbed that students are reportedly being asked to be a part of this.Indeed, the assignment says the objective is for students to go “outside [their] comfort zone” and to train their brains “to logistically find the evidence necessary to prove a point.”High schoolers — vouching for the annihilation of an entire people is … merely going “outside their comfort zone”? Lovely.For entire story: College Fix








Watch these hilarious examples of CNN having reckless disregard for facts when they interview a fake police chief, a fake mayor of a major city, and a fake eye witness to a breaking story! Media analyst Mark Dice has the story.Captain Janks, a 50 year old truck driver from Philadelphia has been able to get live on the air countless times on CNN posing as different people. Through his prank calls, he’s attempting to demonstrate how most major news outlets are not really news but instead, they are simply entertainment. Jank‘s is a big fan of the Howard Stern show, so we will warn you now, that there will be some rough language in these clipsWatch:








Zinke and Brandyburg accompanied Spicer to the podium on Monday — where the White House Press Secretary announced that President Donald Trump was donating the salary from his entire first quarter as president to the National Parks Service.“It is my pleasure, on behalf of the President of the United States, to present a check for $78,333, to the Secretary of the Interior Ron Zinke, and superintendent of the Harpers Ferry Park Sites, superintendent Brandyburg,” Spicer said.Via: Mediate








From the White House website:First Lady of the United States Melania Trump is the wife of President Donald J. Trump, and was born on April 26, 1970 in Slovenia.The official White House portrait of the graceful and elegant First Lady Melania Trump:Melania Knavs began her modeling career at the age of sixteen. She would pursue a degree at the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia, but paused her studies to advance her modeling career in Milan and Paris before moving to New York in 1996. As a model, Melania has appeared in high profile ad campaigns and worked with some of the top photographers in the fashion industry, including Patrick Demarchelier, Helmut Newton, Arthur Elgort, Ellen Von Unwerth, Peter Arnell, Antoine Verglas and Mario Testino. She has graced the covers of Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, British GQ, Ocean Drive, Avenue, In Style, and New York Magazine. Her major layouts include the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, Allure, Vogue, Self, Glamour, Vanity Fair, and Elle. In addition, Melania has appeared in numerous television commercials and television programs, including co-hosting The View with Barbara Walters.With a penchant and passion for the arts, architecture, design, fashion and beauty, Melania has thrived on the cultural diversification of New York City. This passion can only be surpassed by her dedication to helping others, and her generosity has been noted. She was Honorary Chairwoman for Martha Graham Dance Company in April 2005, is an active member of the Police Athletic League which honored her with Woman of The Year 2006, has been an Honorary Chairwoman for The Boy’s Club of New York for five consecutive years, and in 2005 The American Red Cross awarded her with Goodwill Ambassador which she has proudly served for four years. In April of 2008, she was asked by Love Our Children USA and NASDAQ to participate in the Fifth Annual National Love Our Children Day and the beginning of National Child Abuse Prevention month by ringing the closing bell at NASDAQ. In 2010, Melania was the Chairwoman for The American Heart Association which raised $1.7 Million for research. Melania’s philanthropic interests represent her humanitarian side, and she remains an indefatigable and dedicated New Yorker.Melania married Donald Trump in January 2005. In March of 2006 they welcomed their first child, Barron William Trump.Melania is also a successful entrepreneur. In April 2010, Melania Trump launched her own jewelry collection.In 2006, Melania Trump proudly became a citizen of the United States of America. She is only the second First Lady born outside of the United States. The first was Louisa Adams, wife to John Quincy Adams, the nation’s sixth president.Mrs. Trump cares deeply about issues impacting women and children, and she has focused her platform as First Lady on the problem of cyber bullying among our youth.We don’t recall seeing Michelle Obama’s official portrait, but we’re guessing it looked something like this:The scowl on her face pretty much symbolized Michelle Obama’s 8 torturous years, as the most angry First Lady to ever occupy our White House.








Ailes had been accused by former FOX host Gretchen Carlson and now is being accused by liberal pundit Julie Roginsky of sexually harassing her.O’Reilly tried to make moves on a coworker and is being called out on it…This isn’t his first rodeo Details Below:On Monday, Roginsky filed suit in New York Supreme Court against the cable network owned by 21st Century Fox, its ex-president Ailes and current president Bill Shine. She’s represented in part by the same legal team who handled Gretchen Carlson’s much-discussed lawsuit, which prompted other women to come forward to claim being victim to a hostile workplace at Fox News. The Justice Department is currently investigating Fox in connection to payments to various Ailes accusers.According to Roginsky’s complaint, her promotion to a regular spot co-hosting the mid-afternoon show, The Five, was “contingent upon having a sexual relationship with Ailes,” and when she refused, she didn’t get the position.Roginsky says she’s appeared on Fox News since 2005 and became a regular in 2011. Her contract was renewed three times, according to the complaint. She began appearing on The Five after the departure of Bob Beckel.“Ailes repeatedly called Roginsky into his office for one-on-one meetings, telling her that he really liked her on The Five,” states the complaint. “During these meetings, Ailes would frequently steer the conversation to Roginsky’s personal life by asking, among other things, if she was dating anyone, why she was not married, what she was looking for in a man, and remarking that he did not understand why she was still single since she was so attractive.”The complaint continues, “During these meetings, Ailes additionally (and without irony) volunteered the advice that Roginsky should engage in sexual relationships with ‘older, married, conservative men’ because ‘they may stray but they always come back because they’re loyal.’ Ailes also remarked that he was loyal but that loyalty was a two-way street. These comments and their delivery made it clear that Ailes wanted a sexual relationship with Roginsky.”Ailes would “consistently position himself in such a way as to look down Roginsky’s dress,” adds the complaint.Roginsky complains how the slot on The Five eventually went to Geraldo Rivera — “even though that seat on the show had typically been reserved for a liberal like Roginsky” — and although she remained on rotation on Outnumbered, “she was rarely allowed to lead her own segments, unlike the other panelists on the show.”She says through her complaint that she couldn’t get another meeting with Ailes after rebuffing him.During the summer months last year, others at the network put “increasing pressure” on Fox News employees to defend Ailes and attack Carlson, the lawsuit alleges, so much so that she says she left the Republican National Convention more than a day early. At the Democratic National Convention, Shine allegedly told her that “everything they are saying about Roger is true.”Roginsky also claims that although her allegations against Ailes were known by the network’s top lawyer, Dianne Brandi, no one advised her to contact those at the Paul Weiss law firm who were investigating Ailes’ conduct. The investigators didn’t contact her either. She says top brass “took no action to investigate” and “kept Ailes’ conduct secret and enabled it.”The lawsuit asserts damage to her career path as well as mental and physical pain. Represented by attorneys at Smith Mullin and Golenbock Eiseman, Roginsky is seeking compensatory and punitive damages.BILL O’REILLY ON THE HOT SEAT FOR SEXUAL HARASSMENTWalsh and her attorney are calling for an independent investigation of the culture of sexual harrassment at Fox News.
Radio host Dr. Wendy Walsh is used to speaking about interpersonal relationships, but on Monday morning the psychologist and former The O’Reilly Factor commentator told her own story of how she feels her romantic snubbing of Bill O’Reilly cost her a paid job at Fox News.Attorney Lisa Bloom on Sunday announced the press conference, framing it as a follow-up to the recent New York Times article which reported that five women have received $13 million in payments from O’Reilly in exchange for not pursuing litigation or speaking about sexual harassment accusations against him.In Bloom’s Woodland Hills office on Monday, Walsh told the story of how a misunderstanding after dinner led to her ouster at the network.Walsh says she had been a recurring guest on the show, and O’Reilly asked her to have dinner at the Bel-Air Hotel. During dinner they discussed her future at the network, and he indicated they were going to bring her on as a paid correspondent. He even told her his best friend Roger Ailes was on board with the move. But, after dinner, O’Reilly said “let’s get out of here” and invited her up to his hotel room. The mood change after she politely declined, explaining that as a single mom she wanted to set a good example for her daughter.Prior to the presser, Walsh spoke with KFI’s Bill Handel in an exclusive interview. She acknowledged that the awkward interaction itself was fairly innocuous and described O’Reilly’s move as “Mad Men-style dating tactics.” Walsh told her radio colleague that after the incident at the hotel she tried to “play nice with the big dog” and it never occurred to her to report the incident because she didn’t know job applicants could file sexual harassment complaints.Read more: Hollywood Reporter








White House lawyers last month learned that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter.The pattern of Rice’s requests was discovered in a National Security Council review of the government’s policy on “unmasking” the identities of individuals in the U.S. who are not targets of electronic eavesdropping, but whose communications are collected incidentally. Normally those names are redacted from summaries of monitored conversations and appear in reports as something like “U.S. Person One.”Most of us remember Susan Rice for going on a media lying blitz on behalf of Hillary and President Barack Obama, where she told millions of viewers on several networks that the Benghazi attack was a spontaneous event caused by a video. We all know now this was a lie and that a “video” did not cause the attack on our American consulate in Benghazi. Here is a compilation of Susan Rice lying to the media about the reason for the Benghazi attack:The National Security Council’s senior director for intelligence, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, was conducting the review, according to two U.S. officials who spoke with Bloomberg View on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly. In February Cohen-Watnick discovered Rice’s multiple requests to unmask U.S. persons in intelligence reports that related to Trump transition activities. He brought this to the attention of the White House General Counsel’s office, who reviewed more of Rice’s requests and instructed him to end his own research into the unmasking policy.The intelligence reports were summaries of monitored conversations — primarily between foreign officials discussing the Trump transition, but also in some cases direct contact between members of the Trump team and monitored foreign officials. One U.S. official familiar with the reports said they contained valuable political information on the Trump transition such as whom the Trump team was meeting, the views of Trump associates on foreign policy matters and plans for the incoming administration.Rice did not respond to an email seeking comment on Monday morning. Her role in requesting the identities of Trump transition officials adds an important element to the dueling investigations surrounding the Trump White House since the president’s inauguration.Both the House and Senate intelligence committees are probing any ties between Trump associates and a Russian influence operation against Hillary Clinton during the election. The chairman of the House intelligence committee, Representative Devin Nunes, is also investigating how the Obama White House kept tabs on the Trump transition after the election through unmasking the names of Trump associates incidentally collected in government eavesdropping of foreign officials.Rice herself has not spoken directly on the issue of unmasking. Last month when she was asked on the “PBS NewsHour” about reports that Trump transition officials, including Trump himself, were swept up in incidental intelligence collection, Rice said: “I know nothing about this,” adding, “I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that account today.” –BloombergWatch Rice in PBS NewsHour interview here:It appears the political left are having trouble embedding a false narrative or else they wouldn’t need to expend so much energy attempting to deceive their audience.Represenative Adam Schiff is the vice-chair of the House Intelligence Committee and as a consequence of his position he is a member of the Intelligence Oversight Gang of Eight.♦ Adam Schiff can go and look at any information Chairman Devin Nunes has already reviewed. ♦ Adam Schiff does not want to see the intelligence because he would be unable to keep lying about it. ♦ Devin Nunes cannot share the Go8 level intelligence with the full committee because the committee is not authorized to see it; only Adam Schiff can.In order for Schiff to maintain his public protestations, entirely based on politics, he must mislead about the rules and laws surrounding the intelligence product. Schiff must also keep the committee from seeing the full executive intelligence report that is concerning to Devin Nunes. -Conservative TreehouseWatch Schiff caught lying in side-by-side interviews that took place only 3 days apart from each other:Side-by-side clips showing Adam Schiff is lying. Watch. -VJ#SusanRice pic.twitter.com/Qz4rR0TvH9— RealVinnieJames (@RealVinnieJames) April 3, 2017Schiff has had no problem in himself acting as a surrogate for Team Obama or Team Hillary. That deafening silence you hear is the outrage he has expressed over the leaking of classified information to the press designed to fatally wound the Trump transition. Schiff had no problem repeating claims without evidence that Team Trump was colluding with the Russians. Now he is troubled by Nunes citing reports proving President Trump was right about his team being monitored.Schiff and his brethren insist that this still doesn’t prove Trump’s claim that Obama ordered the surveillance. This is a distinction without a difference. It was Obama who ordered a review of alleged Russian hacking of our elections, demanding that he receive it before he left office. It was President Obama who expanded the power of the National Security Agency to share monitored communications with the 16 other intelligence agencies before applying privacy protections. Obama made the leaking of communications he arguably knew were being monitored easier and more likely. President Obama wanted to damage the incoming Trump administration.Schiff should be shouting from the rooftops demanding the intelligence leakers be found and incarcerated and that the names of those who approved he “unmasking” of the names of American citizens caught up in the “incidental” collection of the conversations with foreign nationals be revealed. Names of such Americans are supposed to be masked by default, unless unmasking is approved for some reason. As the Weekly Standard reported:Nunes told reporters Wednesday that Trump transition members’ communications were repeatedly intercepted during legal surveillance on a foreign target, otherwise known as incidental collection. These communications were then disseminated in intelligence reports, despite having “little or no apparent foreign intelligence value.” A number of Trump transition members’ names were also revealed through a process known as “unmasking,” he said….April Doss, a former NSA lawyer who spent over a decade at the agency, told THE WEEKLY STANDARD earlier in March that intelligence officials are required to follow strict procedures governing foreign intelligence collection. These procedures protect the identity of U.S. persons.“If the communication appears likely to be worth reporting on — there’s a reason why other people in government need to see an intelligence report that says, “here’s what our foreign target was doing”– they’ll write the report in a way that focuses only on the foreign target and that doesn’t name the U.S. person, that literally inserts something like ‘U.S. person number one,'” Doss said.Schiff was the individual who called the heroes who fought off terrorists from the roof of the CIA annex in Benghazi liars for their account of the Obama/Clinton administration’s denying security improvements, ignoring warnings of the attack, and the issuance of a stand-down order for any rescue, an order they ignored. As Investor’s Business Daily recounted in 2014:The California Democrat who suggested that his party boycott the Benghazi Select Committee as a waste of time now accuses those who fought on the CIA annex roof of lying “to promote a new book.”Schiff, who was not in Benghazi that night, says Paronto, Geist and Tiegen are making up a tale to sell their book, as if their story is less plausible than the proven lie that the Benghazi attack was caused by an inflammatory YouTube video, a myth promoted both by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama.After seeing clips of Schiff saying the contractors were trying to sell their book and Smith claiming a stand-down order “was never given,” Geist said he “would like to invite Mr. Schiff to a debate… we can talk about it.” He wondered if Schiff wished to “say that to my face.”Schiff thought the Benghazi heroes were making it up and now he thinks Nunes and Team Trump are making up the fact that they were caught up in Obama administration monitoring of conversations in which they were involved or mentioned. Schif was not being honest then or now. It is he who is not telling the truth. – American ThinkerMegyn Kelly also DESTROYED Adam Schiff and his LIES about Benghazi. Watch here:








This New Jersey student’s unconventional approach to applying for college paid off for him.On his Stanford University application, Ziad Ahmed was posed the question “What matters to you, and why?”The 18-year-old activist from Princeton, New Jersey, decided to use the opportunity to write “#BlackLivesMatter” 100 times.To his surprise, the answer caught the attention of the California school’s admissions office and Ahmed received his acceptance letter on Friday.“I didn’t think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it’s quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,” Ahmed told Mic.He shared his acceptance letter and application on Twitter, where it quickly went viral.I submitted this answer in my @Stanford application, & yesterday, I was admitted…#BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/R5YxM77bWL— Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) April 1, 2017Ahmed, who is Muslim, said on Twitter that he hopes to use his time in college to continue to support the Black Lives Matter movement.“I also recognize black students are often systemically disenfranchised educationally, & that it is my duty to fight to change that,” he wrote.








Social media users have slammed a Muslim teen activist who was accepted into Stanford University after writing “Black Lives Matter” 100 times in his application, with some saying a black applicant wouldn’t have been accepted.On Monday, Mic.com published an article about Ziad Ahmed, a Muslim teenager who replied to a question “What matters to you, and why?” on his college application by writing “Black Lives Matter” exactly 100 times.Ahmed was accepted into the university. “Everyone who reviewed your application was inspired by your passion, determination, accomplishments and heart,” read a letter from Stanford posted on his Twitter.The student, who claims also to have been accepted at Princeton and Yale, explained to Mic why he wrote the slogan so many times on his application: “My unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application.”He added: “To me, to be Muslim is to be a BLM ally, and I honestly can’t imagine it being any other way for me. “Furthermore, it’s critical to realize that one-fourth to one-third of the Muslim community in America are (sic) black … and to separate justice for Muslims from justices for the black community is to erase the realities of the plurality of our community.”I submitted this answer in my @Stanford application, & yesterday, I was admitted…#BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/R5YxM77bWL— Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) April 1, 2017But not everyone was touched by such a virtue-signaling move from Ahmed—with some people suggesting that an actual black student would never be able to get away with writing that on their application to an elite university.“Yeah I’m not sure I find this cute or heartwarming, no way a black kid could get rewarded for doing the same thing,” wrote Zoe Samudzi on Twitter. “When I/we talk about black struggle being used by non-black folks for social capital and material gain, this is what’s meant by it.”She added: “This looks much nastier coming from non-black folks of color than from white people. Because they help meet the ‘diverse but SAFE’ quota.”Another social media user wrote: “This is so annoyingly performative. Which black people are materially benefiting from him spamming #BLM on his app? I’m so unimpressed.”Not only could a black kid not get away with this, black kids are PUNISHED for supporting their own damn strugglehttps://t.co/6TunBw8Ckd— Zoé Samudzi (@ztsamudzi) April 4, 2017Writer Roqayah Chamseddine noted Ahmed’s unapologetic defense of Hillary Clinton (he even has a picture with her!), tweeting: “That entire thing, including the photo with Clinton, makes me feel ill”.“How is it that black teens who are administratively reprimanded for supporting BLM couldn’t get away w/an admission essay like that,” wrote Zaynab Shahar. “And the fact that a non-black [person of color] writes BLM 100X and gets the same spot at Standford (sic) the black kid who busted ass *might get*?”Author Feminista Jones also added to the debate: “I’d be interested in hearing him get into more of the nuance of non-Black Muslims historically hating Black people/rejecting [Black] Muslims.”‘Calm down my white friends… your white privilege is showing. y’all carry on,’ wrote Twitter user Aisha.Lukas MikelionisHe wants to be reimbursed for what he paid for security because the lack of it forced the event’s cancellation.Tom Teodorczuk








CNN’s Chris Cuomo cautioned “New Day” viewers Tuesday to beware what he called the “fake scandal being peddled by right-wing media” that is the report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice was behind the unmasking of identities of members of the Trump transition team.According to Cuomo, there is “no evidence of any wrongdoing.”“So President Trump wants you to believe that he is the victim of a ‘crooked scheme.’ Those are his words. And here are our words: There is no evidence of any wrongdoing,” Cuomo said.He continued, “And, in fact, if anything the [national security adviser] asking for identities was a reflection of exactly how much traffic there was involving Trump people and foreign players. The White House blasting the press for not reporting on another fake scandal being peddled by right-wing media.”Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideoBreitbart TV, Chris Cuomo, CNN, Donald Trump, New Day, Susan Rice








Jim Hoft Apr 3rd, 2017 10:42 am Leave a Comment Senior Fox News Correspondent, Adam Housley revealed on Friday that Intel Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) knows who unmasked the identities of Trump and his close associates. Sources also told him that the unmasking was purely for political purposes to embarrass Trump and had NOTHING to do with national security. Now this..
According to activist and author Mike Cernovich the leaker and unmasker is Susan Rice.We know it's you @AmbassadorRice. Bloomberg and NY Times both sat on the story to protect Obama. Have a nice time before Congress. https://t.co/8vx9SqYffK— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 2, 2017It is now widely accepted that Barack Obama spied on the Trump Transition Team.Obama may be the first POTUS brought down by a scandal after he left office. Every major outlet had this scoop, none would run it. https://t.co/LvPEGqJxtk— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 2, 2017BREAKING NEWS! Susan Rice requested unmasking of incoming Trump administration officials.— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 2, 2017Susan Rice made a name for herself when she said the Benghazi massacre was a protest and when she defended deserter Bowe Bergdahl for ‘serving admirably.”UPDATE—  Mike Cernovich has more on the story at The Medium.The White House Counsel’s office identified Rice as the person responsible for the unmasking after examining Rice’s document log requests. The reports Rice requested to see are kept under tightly-controlled conditions. Each person must log her name before being granted access to them.Upon learning of Rice’s actions, H. R. McMaster dispatched his close aide Derek Harvey to Capitol Hill to brief Chairman Nunes.“Unmasking” is the process of identifying individuals whose communications were caught in the dragnet of intelligence gathering. While conducting investigations into terrorism and other related crimes, intelligence analysts incidentally capture conversations about parties not subject to the search warrant. The identities of individuals who are not under investigation are kept confidential, for legal and moral reasons. Read the rest here.UPDATE—- Bloomberg confirmed on Monday that Susan Rice was the unmasker of the surveillance on Donald Trump and his associates.
Via Eli Lake:White House lawyers last month discovered that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter.The pattern of Rice’s requests was discovered in a National Security Council review of the government’s policy on “unmasking” the identities of individuals in the U.S. who are not targets of electronic eavesdropping, but whose communications are collected incidentally. Normally those names are redacted from summaries of monitored conversations and appear in reports as something like “U.S. Person One.”The National Security Council’s senior director for intelligence, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, was conducting the review, according to two U.S. officials who spoke with Bloomberg View on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly. In February Cohen-Watnick discovered Rice’s multiple requests to unmask U.S. persons in intelligence reports that related to Trump transition activities. He brought this to the attention of the White House General Counsel’s office, who reviewed more of Rice’s requests and instructed him to end his own research into the unmasking policy.Filed Under: Uncategorized








White House lawyers last month learned that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter.The pattern of Rice's requests was discovered in a National Security Council review of the government's policy on "unmasking" the identities of individuals in the U.S. who are not targets of electronic eavesdropping, but whose communications are collected incidentally. Normally those names are redacted from summaries of monitored conversations and appear in reports as something like "U.S. Person One."The National Security Council's senior director for intelligence, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, was conducting the review, according to two U.S. officials who spoke with Bloomberg View on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly. In February Cohen-Watnick discovered Rice's multiple requests to unmask U.S. persons in intelligence reports that related to Trump transition activities. He brought this to the attention of the White House General Counsel's office, who reviewed more of Rice's requests and instructed him to end his own research into the unmasking policy.The intelligence reports were summaries of monitored conversations -- primarily between foreign officials discussing the Trump transition, but also in some cases direct contact between members of the Trump team and monitored foreign officials. One U.S. official familiar with the reports said they contained valuable political information on the Trump transition such as whom the Trump team was meeting, the views of Trump associates on foreign policy matters and plans for the incoming administration. Rice did not respond to an email seeking comment on Monday morning. Her role in requesting the identities of Trump transition officials adds an important element to the dueling investigations surrounding the Trump White House since the president's inauguration.Both the House and Senate intelligence committees are probing any ties between Trump associates and a Russian influence operation against Hillary Clinton during the election. The chairman of the House intelligence committee, Representative Devin Nunes, is also investigating how the Obama White House kept tabs on the Trump transition after the election through unmasking the names of Trump associates incidentally collected in government eavesdropping of foreign officials.Rice herself has not spoken directly on the issue of unmasking. Last month when she was asked on the "PBS NewsHour" about reports that Trump transition officials, including Trump himself, were swept up in incidental intelligence collection, Rice said: "I know nothing about this," adding, "I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that account today."Rice's requests to unmask the names of Trump transition officials do not vindicate Trump's own tweets from March 4 in which he accused Obama of illegally tapping Trump Tower. There remains no evidence to support that claim. But Rice's multiple requests to learn the identities of Trump officials discussed in intelligence reports during the transition period does highlight a longstanding concern for civil liberties advocates about U.S. surveillance programs. The standard for senior officials to learn the names of U.S. persons incidentally collected is that it must have some foreign intelligence value, a standard that can apply to almost anything. This suggests Rice's unmasking requests were likely within the law.The news about Rice also sheds light on the strange behavior of Nunes in the last two weeks. It emerged last week that he traveled to the White House last month, the night before he made an explosive allegation about Trump transition officials caught up in incidental surveillance. At the time he said he needed to go to the White House because the reports were only on a database for the executive branch. It now appears that he needed to view computer systems within the National Security Council that would include the logs of Rice's requests to unmask U.S. persons.The ranking Democrat on the committee Nunes chairs, Representative Adam Schiff, viewed these reports on Friday. In comments to the press over the weekend he declined to discuss the contents of these reports, but also said it was highly unusual for the reports to be shown only to Nunes and not himself and other members of the committee.Indeed, much about this is highly unusual: if not how the surveillance was collected, then certainly how and why it was disseminated.This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.To contact the author of this story:                Eli Lake     at elake1@bloomberg.netTo contact the editor responsible for this story:                Philip Gray     at philipgray@bloomberg.net








By        	
		            
		            	
		            		
		            		
		            			
		            		
							 Malia Zimmerman,
							
								
							
		                 
		            		
		            		
		            			
		            		
							 Adam Housley
							
								
							
		                    
		                 
		                        
		            
								 
							The U.S. intelligence official who “unmasked,” or exposed, the names of multiple private citizens affiliated with the Trump team is someone “very well known, very high up, very senior in the intelligence world,” a source told Fox News on Friday. Intelligence and House sources with direct knowledge of the disclosure of classified names told Fox News that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., now knows who is responsible -- and that person is not in the FBI.For a private citizen to be “unmasked,” or named, in an intelligence report is extremely rare. Typically, the American is a suspect in a crime, is in danger or has to be named to explain the context of the report.“The main issue in this case, is not only the unmasking of these names of private citizens, but the spreading of these names for political purposes that have nothing to do with national security or an investigation into Russia’s interference in the U.S. election,” a congressional source close to the investigation told Fox News. The unmasking of Americans whose communications apparently were caught up in surveillance under the Obama administration is a key part of an investigation being led by Nunes, who has come under fire from Democrats for focusing on that aspect. Nunes has known about the unmasking controversy since January, when two sources in the intelligence community approached him. The sources told Nunes who was responsible and at least one of the Trump team names that was unmasked. They also gave him serial numbers of reports that documented the activity.This was long before Trump sent out his now-infamous March 4 tweets claiming then-President Barack Obama “wiretapped” Trump Tower during the 2016 election.Nunes had asked intelligence agencies to see the reports in question, but was stonewalled.He eventually was able to view them, but there was only one safe place to see the documents without compromising the sources’ identities -- the old executive office building on White House grounds, which has a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) required to view classified or top secret reports. The White House did not tell Nunes about the existence of the intelligence reports, but did help him gain access to the documents at his request, the source said.The White House, meanwhile, is urging Nunes and his colleagues to keep pursuing what improper surveillance and leaks may have occurred before Trump took office. They’ve been emboldened in the wake of March 2 comments from former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas, who on MSNBC suggested her former colleagues tried to gather material on Trump team contacts with Russia.White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Friday her comments and other reports raise “serious” concerns about whether there was an “organized and widespread effort by the Obama administration to use and leak highly sensitive intelligence information for political purposes.”“Dr. Farkas’ admissions alone are devastating,” he said.Farkas parted ways with the White House in 2015 and defended herself on Twitter, saying she didn’t personally “give anybody anything except advice” on Russia information and wanted Congress to ask for facts. The communications collected from Trump team associates apparently were picked up during surveillance of foreign targets. But an intelligence source familiar with those targets said they were spied on long before Trump became the GOP presidential nominee in mid-July.In addition, citizens affiliated with Trump’s team who were unmasked were not associated with any intelligence about Russia or other foreign intelligence, sources confirmed. The initial unmasking led to other surveillance, which led to other private citizens being wrongly unmasked, sources said."Unmasking is not unprecedented, but unmasking for political purposes ... specifically of Trump transition team members ... is highly suspect and questionable,” an intelligence source told Fox News. “Opposition by some in the intelligence agencies who were very connected to the Obama and Clinton teams was strong. After Trump was elected, they decided they were going to ruin his presidency by picking them off one by one."Nunes first revealed on March 22 in a press conference that the U.S. intelligence community “incidentally collected” information on Trump’s transition team, putting the information and names into various intelligence reports. His committee had been investigating whether Russia interfered in the U.S. election as well as how names of private citizens from these reports were leaked. House Intelligence Ranking Member Adam Schiff, D-Calif., criticized Nunes for his handling of the investigation, claiming he should never have briefed Trump. Nunes apologized the following day, but said he briefed the president because the information he found was not related to Russia.The minority members on the House Intelligence Committee were expected to visit a National Security Agency facility on Friday to view the same reports Nunes has seen, an intelligence source told Fox News.Malia Zimmerman is an award-winning investigative reporter focusing on crime, homeland security, illegal immigration crime, terrorism and political corruption. Follow her on twitter at @MaliaMZimmermanAdam Housley joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in 2001 and currently serves as a Los Angeles-based senior correspondent.








Recently released GDP figures for the second quarter of 2016 invite the question of how the gross domestic product has fared under each of the dozen post-World War II presidents, a period spanning 70 years.  According to figures from the U.S. Commerce Department’s Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), average annual real (inflation-adjusted) GDP growth in the United States since 1946 (through 2015, the last full year for which figures have been released) has been 2.9 percent.  While that has been the postwar norm, however, average annual real GDP growth has varied greatly by president, ranging from a high of 5.3 percent under President Lyndon Johnson to a low of 1.5 percent under President Barack Obama, as the following chart conveys (full size JPG here):Here is the complete list of average annual real GDP growth by postwar president (in descending order):Johnson (1964-68), 5.3%
Kennedy (1961-63), 4.3%
Clinton (1993-2000), 3.9%
Reagan (1981-88), 3.5%
Carter (1977-80), 3.3%
Eisenhower (1953-60), 3.0%
(Post-WWII average: 2.9%)
Nixon (1969-74), 2.8%
Ford (1975-76), 2.6%
G. H. W. Bush (1989-92), 2.3%
G. W. Bush (2001-08), 2.1%
Truman (1946-52), 1.7%
Obama (2009-15), 1.5%(According to the BEA, real GDP growth in 2016 has been 0.8 percent in the first quarter and 1.2 percent in the second quarter.  Those figures, being from an incomplete year, are not included in President Obama’s tally.  If economic growth does not improve over the rest of 2016, however, his overall tally would drop slightly.)Another way to examine economic success under various presidents is to look at whether the economy ever really grew significantly on their watch.  President Harry Truman’s average, for example, is held down dramatically by his having been in office in the immediate aftermath of WWII.  In 1946, the economy severely retracted, with a decline in real GDP that was more than four times as large (-11.6 percent) as in any year since.  Indeed, one could argue that, from an economic perspective, 1946 should be regarded as part of the WWII era—it clearly was influenced by the war—rather than as part of the post-WWII era.  From 1947-onward, average annual real GDP growth in the postwar era (again, through 2015) has been 3.2 percent.But the economy also truly flourished during portions of Truman’s tenure.  In fact, Truman’s best year of economic growth (8.7 percent, in 1950) was better than any other postwar president’s best year.  At the other end of the spectrum, President Obama’s best year of economic growth (2.6 percent, in 2015) has been weaker than any other postwar president’s.  The following chart shows the best year of real GDP growth under each postwar president (full size JPG here):Here is the complete list of the best year of real GDP growth under each postwar president (in descending order):Truman (1950), 8.7%
Reagan (1984), 7.3%
Eisenhower (1955), 7.1%
Johnson (1966), 6.6%
Kennedy (1962), 6.1%
Nixon (1973), 5.6%
Carter ((1978), 5.6%
(Average best year for post-WWII presidents: 5.6%)
Ford (1976), 5.4%
Clinton (1999), 4.7%
G. W. Bush (2004), 3.8%
G. H. W. Bush (1989), 3.7%
(Average for all postwar years: 2.9%)
Obama (2015), 2.6%








It’s official.With Thursday’s final revision of fourth-quarter GDP growth to 2.1 percent from its previous 1.9 percent level, President Obama is the only president since Herbert Hoover to not have guided the US economy to 3 percent growth in any year he was in office.The US economy grew 1.6 percent in 2016 from the previous years, according to the Commerce Department, which tracks GDP.Obama’s best year, as far as growing the economy, was 2015 when it grew 2.6 percent from 2014 — after growing 2.4 percent that year from 2013.The recovering economy — and steady job growth — gave Obama lots of momentum, but the economy sputtered again last year, Commerce reported Thursday.The government attributed the upward revision in fourth quarter GDP to higher than expected consumer spending in the October-December period.But even with the upward revision, the US economy was in no danger of achieving 3 percent or better growth last year.








On Friday, the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) reported that 2015 U.S. real GDP (RGDP) growth was 2.38%.  No matter what revisions are subsequently made, 2015 will have been the tenth year in a row that RGDP growth came in at under 3.0%.  The longest previous such run in U.S. economic history was only four years, and the last time that this happened was during the Great Depression (1930 - 1933).Even worse, and this should be the defining issue of the 2016 elections, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) is now forecasting that America will never see 3.0% economic growth again.  This should be drawing howls of protest, at least from Republicans, but there has been little reaction thus far.From 1790 to 2000, U.S. RGDP growth averaged 3.79%.  America needs at least 3.0% economic growth-the nation cannot defend itself and pay its bills without it.  However, America's elites have largely given up on growth, and are now distracting themselves with academic musings about "secular stagnation."Hillary Clinton is trying to position herself as the logical heir to President Obama's "legacy."  Hillary is asking the voters to give her the job of protecting and continue Obama's "achievements."  In a way, what Hillary is trying to do is odd, but in another way, it isn't.  Here's why. The rate of real economic growth is the single greatest determinate of both America's strength as a nation and the wellbeing of the American people.  And, Obama's record in this area has been truly dismal. Right now, the nation is probably already in a recession.  The BEA's first estimate of 4Q2015 RGDP growth was only 0.69%, and there is mounting evidence that this will later be revised downward.  However, making the wildly optimistic assumption that 2016 RGDP growth will come in at the CBO's current forecast (2.67%), Obama will be the only U.S. president in history that did not deliver a single year of 3.0%+ economic growth.Again, assuming 2.67% RGDP growth for 2016, Obama will leave office having produced an average of 1.55% growth.  This would place his presidency fourth from the bottom of the list of 39*, above only those of Herbert Hoover (-5.65%), Andrew Johnson (-0.70%) and Theodore Roosevelt (1.41%)No matter what happens in 2016, Obama's record on economic growth will be considerably worse than that of the much-maligned George W. Bush.  Bush 43 delivered RGDP growth averaging 2.10%, with two years (2004 and 2005) above 3.0%.By the way, the economic growth superstar among all U.S. presidents was none other than Rutherford B. Hayes (1877 - 1880).  Hayes delivered an average of 7.71% RGDP growth, and none of his four years in office was below 3.0%.So, it seems a bit surprising that Hillary Clinton would be running for president by promising the nation the equivalent of a third Obama term.  However, in another way, it isn't.Hillary is a progressive.  Progressives believe in "progressively" expanding the size, power, and reach of government.  And, Obama has done more to further the progressive cause of anyone since FDR.  So, yes, in that sense, it is completely authentic for Hillary to be promising "more Obama" if she wins.With respect to the economy, both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are offering what amounts to "hospice care."  Their "tax the rich" redistributionist proposals are not intended to restore strong growth.  They are designed to make the middle class more comfortable in the face of economic stagnation.  "Hey, you may be unemployed after you graduate, but at least college was free!"The only way that the voters will elect a Democrat as president in the fall is if the Republicans nominate someone that seems crazy and dangerous, or if they run on budget-cutting "austerity."  If confronted with a choice between hospice care and "surgery without anesthesia," the electorate will opt for the hospice care, and try to survive until the next election.As the implications of the CBO's latest projections sink in, Republican candidates will hear the political Sirens singing songs about the need to "cut entitlements."  If Republicans offer a credible program to restore rapid economic growth, they will win.  If they offer austerity, they will lose-and, they will deserve to lose.*There have been 44 presidents, but only 39 presidencies.  Some terms were shared by two people, as a result of death or resignation. Louis Woodhill (louis@woodhill.com), an engineer and software entrepreneur, and a RealClearMarkets contributor.








On Thursday we closed the book on the Obama economic “miracle” — and it’s a miracle we are not in a recession.Last week the Commerce Department released its third revision for fourth-quarter 2016 gross domestic product. The number came in at a paltry 2.1 percent, meaning that growth during President Obama’s final year in office — the end of an “Error of Hope” — landed with a big thud at just 1.6 percent.That low-water mark puts the Obama presidency in last place among all the post-World War II presidents when it comes to economic growth.There have been 13 post-WWII presidents, beginning with Harry Truman, who had the disadvantage of beginning in the aftermath of war in 1946, during which the economy contracted 11.6 percent — four times the contraction any other negative year since — and even he bested Obama’s economic record!Truman, a moderate Democrat, also posted the two best years of growth on record: 1950 at 8.7 percent and 1951 at 8 percent, and there was no zero percent interest rate to gin up the economy back then.Thirteenth of 13 presidents is no mild distinction. Obama had eight full years to enact a growth policy, while many of his predecessors never had two complete terms. George H.W. Bush and Jimmy Carter had just four years each, Gerald Ford had less than three years and Richard Nixon had five.I’m not the least bit surprised the Obama economy was a failure. I’ve chronicled it for more than seven years in this column.Here are the average growth rates for each president:








“The Obama administration and some economists argue that the recovery since the Great Recession ended in 2009 has been unusually weak because of the recession’s severity and the fact that it was accompanied by a major financial crisis. Yet in a recent study of economic downturns in the U.S. and elsewhere since 1870, economist Tao Jin and I found that historically the opposite has been true,” writes Harvard economist Robert Barro. He adds that “the growth rate of U.S. per capita GDP from 2009 to 2011 should have been around 3%...








Jim Hoft Apr 2nd, 2017 6:56 am Leave a Comment Guest post by Joe HoftJonathon M. Trugman at the New York Post reported this week that the final numbers for the Obama Administration are in and they are abysmal:On Thursday we closed the book on the Obama economic “miracle” — and it’s a miracle we are not in a recession.Last week the Commerce Department released its third revision for fourth-quarter 2016 gross domestic product. The number came in at a paltry 2.1 percent, meaning that growth during President Obama’s final year in office — the end of an “Error of Hope” — landed with a big thud at just 1.6 percent.That low-water mark puts the Obama presidency in last place among all the post-World War II presidents when it comes to economic growth.The rate of real economic growth is the single greatest determinant of both America’s strength as a nation and the well-being of the American people. From 1790 to 2000, U.S. RGDP growth averaged 3.79%. America needs at least 3.0% economic growth-the nation cannot defend itself and pay its bills without it. However, America’s elites have largely given up on growth, and are now distracting themselves with academic musings about “secular stagnation.”By February of 2016 it was clear that Obama had given up on economic growth. Obama’s Congressional Budget Office (CBO) forecasted in early 2016 that America will never see 3.0% economic growth again.As a result of his failed economic policies, Obama now ranks as the fourth worst presidency on record in GDP growth at 1.6%. Only Herbert Hoover (-5.65%), Andrew Johnson (-0.70%) and Theodore Roosevelt (1.41%) currently have lower average annual GDP growth than Barack Obama. In addition, Obama has the lowest annual GDP growth rate of any President since World War II.Barack Obama is the only U.S. president in history who did not deliver a single year of 3.0%+ economic growth.Here are the average growth rates for each president since World War II:Obama’s economic policies failed America and resulted in 95 million without work, the debt at an astronomical $20 Trillion and more Americans on Food Stamps than ever before.  Obama left America in a mess!See the following for additional reasons why Obama was the ‘Worst. President. Ever’:Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s the Most Racist President in 50 Years – Since Democrat LBJ
Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s Failed Stimulus
Worst. President. Ever: Barack Hussein Obama’s Disdain for Christians and Jews
Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s Involvement in Hillary’s Criminal Email Activities
Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s Open Borders and Anti-US Immigration Actions
Worst. President. Ever: Obama’s Contempt of US Military Might
Worst. President. Ever. Will Obama Ever Be Charged in Court for His Many Lies to American People?
WORST. PRESIDENT. EVER: Obama’s Many Lies about the Benghazi Terror Attack
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Historically Low Home Ownership Rates
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama Created ISIS – And Now the Killer Group Is Active in 17 Countries
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Libyan Catastrophe Unleashed Hell on Middle East and Europe
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s $20 Trillion Debt an Unprecedented Disaster
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Actions and Inaction Created the Current Nightmare in Syria
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Signature Bill – Obamacare – Is a Complete Disaster
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama Gave Billions to the World’s Leading Terrorist State Iran
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s Food Stamp Nation
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama Ignited Riots in Ferguson Over ‘Hands Up, Don’t Shoot’ Lie
WORST PRESIDENT EVER: Obama Released Taliban 5 for Deserter Bergdahl- Current Whereabouts Unknown
WORST JOBS PRESIDENT EVER: Obama’s 94 Million Jobless Americans
Worst President Ever…GDP Growth Shrinks by 0.7% in First Quarter
Alan Dershowitz GOES OFF on Obama: Worst Foreign Policy President Ever
Worst President Ever… Obama’s Legacy – Destruction of US Middle Class
TRUMP HITS OBAMA: His Ignorance Is Why He’s “Worst President in US History”
Voters Rate Obama Worst President in 70 Years
Donald Trump Slams “Make-Believe” Obama “Most Certainly the Worst President in US History” at FL Tea Party Rally
Dick Cheney Slams Obama: Carter no Longer Worst President of Our Lifetime (Video)
MUST SEE VIDEO>>> Chicago Inner City Blacks GO OFF on Obama Over Illegal Immigration “Worst President Ever”
It’s Official – Obama Is Worst President in History on Job Creation; Worse Than Hoover on Job Losses
Rep. Michele Bachmann: Obama Is Worst President Ever… “No Question” (Video)There is even a book on this subject:‘Obama – The Worst President in History!’Filed Under: Uncategorized








A devastated mother joined family and friends at a North Las Vegas vigil Sunday night to mourn the baby boy killed by a bullet before he was a month old.Marcus Thomas Jr.; his mother, LaSharell Pope; his father, Marcus Thomas; and two children, ages 2 and 4; were inside a sedan parked outside a North Las Vegas apartment complex, when a gunman sprayed the car with bullets Saturday night.“He didn’t even get to see Easter,” said the boy’s grandmother, LaShanda Williams.… At about 9:15 p.m. Saturday, a person targeted a parked car with gunfire in front of The Preserve apartment complex, 2655 E. Deer Springs Way, North Las Vegas police said.One bullet hit the baby and one struck 22-year-old Thomas in the gray Chrysler four-door sedan, police said. Pope and two children, ages 2 and 4, were not hurt.Pope tried to drive the two injured passengers to the hospital, but she crashed the Chrysler into a Nissan sedan near Craig Road and North Fifth Street, police said. The three previously uninjured occupants again escaped injury.Gideon Villena, a 21-year-old gas station employee, was taking out the trash at the Shell gas station near the intersection when he heard the woman’s screams.“She kept saying, ‘My baby dead, my baby dead, my baby dead,’” Villena said Sunday.About eight minutes ticked by before authorities responded, he said.Medical personnel took the critically injured infant and his father to University Medical Center’s trauma unit. The baby died, North Las Vegas police said; the elder Thomas is stable.








A devastated mother joined family and friends at a North Las Vegas vigil Sunday night to mourn the baby boy killed by a bullet before he was a month old.Marcus Thomas Jr.; his mother, LaSharell Pope; his father, Marcus Thomas; and two children, ages 2 and 4; were inside a sedan parked outside a North Las Vegas apartment complex, when a gunman sprayed the car with bullets Saturday night.“He didn’t even get to see Easter,” said the boy’s grandmother, LaShanda Williams.Pope briefly took part in the vigil, which drew about 30 people at the intersection of Craig Road and North Fifth Street, for Marcus, who was born March 6. She declined to speak about her son publicly and left the vigil 25 minutes later.Before she left, Pope sat in front of dozens of candles arranged to spell out, “We love you Jr.” Her family and friends held Pope as she wept.Stuffed animals, balloons and a cut-out banner that read, “It’s a boy” decorated the area. Everyone who spoke about Marcus just called him “Junior.”“He was a happy baby for the short time he was here,” said Ava Loftis, a relative of the family. “He didn’t get to do too much because he was only a month old.”At the vigil’s end, everyone sang “Amazing Grace.”Earlier, Williams said she drove in from Los Angeles on Sunday morning to be with her daughter.“I was just down here two weeks ago and spent the weekend with my grandbaby,” Williams said.She said Junior was a joyful baby who always smiled and loved watching television with her. “I just want him laid to rest right,” Williams said.At about 9:15 p.m. Saturday, a person targeted a parked car with gunfire in front of The Preserve apartment complex, 2655 E. Deer Springs Way, North Las Vegas police said.One bullet hit the baby and one struck 22-year-old Thomas in the gray Chrysler four-door sedan, police said. Pope and two children, ages 2 and 4, were not hurt.Pope tried to drive the two injured passengers to the hospital, but she crashed the Chrysler into a Nissan sedan near Craig Road and North Fifth Street, police said. The three previously uninjured occupants again escaped injury.Gideon Villena, a 21-year-old gas station employee, was taking out the trash at the Shell gas station near the intersection when he heard the woman’s screams.“She kept saying, ‘My baby dead, my baby dead, my baby dead,’” Villena said Sunday.About eight minutes ticked by before authorities responded, he said.Medical personnel took the critically injured infant and his father to University Medical Center’s trauma unit. The baby died, North Las Vegas police said; the elder Thomas is stable.Police tape was still wrapped around the traffic light late Sunday afternoon. Burnt police flares remained in the street, and a portion of a headlight cover rested next to fragments of the car’s body on the gravel near the impact site. A small woven basket filled with flowers and a candle was attached to a different pole.Angel Villegas, 19, was in his second-floor apartment at the entrance of The Preserve when he heard several rounds fired. Minutes later, the car crashed.“I was throwing on a sweater when all I heard was a whole clip unload in front of my apartment,” he said.Villegas’ balcony overlooks the area where the shooting occurred. After hesitating, he checked outside to see what was going on. He said a white truck parked nearby had been struck by a round.Police were at the complex until at least 2 a.m., he said.Villegas said the incident wasn’t the first time he’s heard gunshots near his apartment complex.“People usually unload clips at the desert,” he said.Open desert is just across the street from where he lives.The incident does not appear to be a random act of violence, police said.The shooter might have known the vehicle’s occupants, police added.North Las Vegas police have made no arrests in the shooting and need to determine whether the assailant was on foot or driving another car.Anyone with information regarding this case may call the North Las Vegas Police Department at 702-633-9111 or Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.Contact Blake Apgar at bapgar@reviewjournal.com. Follow @blakeapgar on Twitter. Review-Journal writer Rachel Hershkovitz contributed to this story. Contact rhershkovitz@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0381. Follow @rzhershkovitz on Twitter.InformationThe shooting death of infant Marcus Thomas Jr. is the fourth homicide investigated by North Las Vegas Police in 2017. Anyone with information regarding this case may call the North Las Vegas Police Department at 702-633-9111 or Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.








LGBTQ activists will come together this weekend to send a message to the Trump administration with one of the most classically queer forms of resistance: dancing.Organized by queer activist collective WERK for Peace in Washington, D.C., along with 350 DC, Queer Resistance, and the Trans Women of Color Collective, the dance protest is a response to President Donald Trump’s recent executive order rolling back Obama-era climate policies and protections.The dance protest will begin in Dupont Circle and continue to Ivanka Trump’s residence.According to organizers of the event, Ivanka Trump ― who recently took an official job at the White House ― claims to be an ally to the LGBTQ community while working against the interests of queer people.“We can’t let Ivanka trick our communities into supporting and legitimizing her. We will show up to her home because the bad decisions of the Trump administration hit us in our daily lives, in our homes, and the nature we surround ourselves with,” co-organizer Carla Aronsohn told The Huffington Post.Aronsohn also called her out for “green and pink washing our climate and queer family” and asserted, “If Ivanka Trump isn’t gaslighting us, then she should come into the streets and werk it!”WERK for Peace and a number of these other organizations have taken part in similar forms of dance protest in the past several months since the election of Donald Trump.The first act of resistance took place outside of Vice President Mike Pence’s home, followed by another a few weeks later outside of Trump Hotel in Washington, D.C.Keep on werkin, y’all. Share this slide:
We’re spilling the tea on all the queer news that matters to you.
Learn more








Susan Rice somehow manages to make Benghazi cover-up seem minorTrumpmageddonCNN really is ‘very fake news’Vermont Sen. Bernard Sanders told CNN Thursday that President Trump’s plan to prioritize job creation over climate change regulations is “stupid and dangerous.”The commander in chief signed an “Energy Independence” executive order Tuesday as a means of rolling back former President Barack Obama’s Clean Power Plan. Mr. Trump said his policies will cause “wealth to pour into our communities,” although Mr. Sanders frames it as a recipe for environmental disaster.“[This plan is a] nonsensical, and stupid, and dangerous approach,” Mr. Sanders told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer Thursday. “It’s almost indescribable. Look, the scientific community is virtually unanimous. While Trump and his friends think climate change is a hoax, what the scientists are telling us it is real, it is caused by human activity. It is already causing devastating problems.”The Trump administration argues on the White House website that its actions will prevent $39 billion in electricity hikes, allow 242 million tons of coal to benefit the American economy, and disbands the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases.“I am taking historic steps to lift restrictions on American energy, to reverse government intrusion and to cancel job-killing regulations,” Mr. Trump said Tuesday while surrounded by coal industry executives.Kentucky Coal Association President Tyler White cheered the move soon afterward.“I cannot tell you how many jobs the executive order is going to create, but I can tell you that it provides confidence in this administration’s commitment to the coal industry,” Mr. White told Reuters.Presidents change and lawmakers come and go, but The Washington Times is always here, and FREE online. Please support our efforts.Copyright © 2017 The Washington Times, LLC.  Click here for reprint permission.  Click to Read More  Click to Hide








Mar 30, 2017RUSH: I sat on this story for two days. You know, I’m slapping myself here. What’s her name — Evelyn Farkas, is that her name? Evelyn Farkas. She went on MSNBC. She was in the Obama administration. What this woman did was unwittingly out the entire Obama administration’s surveillance of the Trump transition team, Trump campaign. She went on TV and basically admitted it and explained how she was behind it, how she was involved in it.You might, “Say how did this happen?” It’s not hard to figure this out. Where did she do it? MSNBC. Who’s at MSNBC? Like-minded fellow leftist travelers. She feels at home. She doesn’t have the presence of mind to realize that she’s blowing a whistle on something. She’s just confirming things among friends. Who can blame her for thinking MSNBC has an audience?So she goes out there, and she basically admits everything. She admits that the Obama administration was in fact surveilling. I mean, it is blockbuster. We’ll get on that. I sat on this for two days and I’m slapping myself for it. I have my reasons. I didn’t trust it at first. That’s essentially what it was. You know, this is a powder keg of a story, and I’m sure the long ears and knives are out for anybody who might get anything wrong, so I held off and held off until I could get confirmation of it from somewhere else. Even though I saw her on MSNBC saying it, I still thought it better to wait, and so it’s percolated and it’s broken out there, it’s now everywhere. So we’ll get into it in great detail here.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: One other thing here. We’ll get to Evelyn Farkas, I gotta be really careful pronouncing that name. I have to be very deliberate pronouncing that name. I gotta make sure I don’t get verbal dyslexia or any way tongue-tied pronouncing her last name, Evelyn Farkas. As I say, I sat on that a couple days ’cause I didn’t quite trust the original source. My bad. But the same thing holds: Until I’ve weighed in on it, you don’t really know what it means.But there’s a story out there today, James Comey, the FBI director, wanted to go public with the Trump-Russia collusion investigation details last summer! Summer and late summer he wanted to go public with what they were learning and that there was an investigation between Trump or of Trump and the Russians. And you know who kiboshed it? Barack Hussein O. I think there’s a lot of people covering their rear end and — this is what I say, I’m reaching my limit patience-wise with some of this stuff.Now, this is kind of funny because Comey said he wanted to go public, he was raring and ready to go, and Obama told him no. Obama said, ’cause we don’t need it, James, we’re gonna win anyway. We don’t need it. Hillary’s gonna win, we don’t need this now. We don’t need to gum up the works here. We don’t, we don’t, no, no, no. ‘Cause they thought all summer long they were gonna win and they were gonna win big. They didn’t need all this kind of stuff. So now, Comey, trying to protect his image (paraphrasing), “Hey, I knew all this way back last summer. I was prepared to go public.”What did he go public with? The Hillary investigation. And the way he went public with that? Well, you remember that. The learned analysis of that was that Comey wanted to indict her but that he was frustrated because the Obama DOJ wouldn’t go anywhere near there, so what Comey did was go out and, in his press conference, essentially present the case he had using the public as a jury to affect the outcome of the election.So while Comey was doing great damage to Hillary, we now get a story saying he wanted to go out and do great damage to Trump by revealing what he had learned about Trump’s relationship with the Russians during the campaign, and Obama said no. Some of this doesn’t add up. It just doesn’t add up. Now, the Senate’s getting in on this. And this is one of the greatest media sleights of hand, one of the greatest media distraction stories I’ve ever seen ’cause there’s no “there” there, and yet they are continuing to pursue this.And even as they update the news, the New York Times — this is an interesting point — the New York, remember that January 20th story, where they talked, they had wiretaps and intercepts. This is where Evelyn Farkas comes into the picture. They never refer back to that story. In any update they do, they never refer to that story, and that story used “wiretaps,” the words in the headline, used “intercepts,” it made it clear that they had all kinds of intelligence people leaking to them that there was really something going on here.And yet in every story updated since, they don’t refer back to that story as evidentiary to add to what they’ve all — Why are they ignoring that story? Why don’t they go back and — I mean, you’d be proud of it, right? If that story’s right, that story contains all the goods or enough goods to really cast serious doubt, why wouldn’t you continually refer back to it? But they aren’t.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Let’s move on here to Evelyn Farkas, a former Obama administration official. She has let the cat out of the bag. And if anybody needs to be called to testify, it’s Evelyn Farkas. In case you haven’t heard by now, Ms. Evelyn Farkas — you gotta be real careful on radio pronouncing that name, and I’m just exercising extreme caution here. Evelyn Farkas is an Obama Pentagon Russian expert who told Mika Brzezinski on PMSNBC a couple of days ago that the Regime, the Obama Regime was indeed collecting intelligence on the Trump campaign!And, she said, that they were unmasking the Trump people and leaking that info to the media. And that her only concern was that the administration and the Hill, Capitol Hill, would not be able to protect the sources and methods from the Trump people if the Trump people found out. She admitted all of this! She may have outed herself as the source for all of this that ran on CNN and in the New York Times, and it’s clear why she did it.She is a tunnel visioned ideologue. And she went on MSNBC where she’s surrounded in her mind by like-minded people who have done the same thing had they been her and who are willing and waiting to applaud her for doing it. She forgot that MSNBC has an audience, and who could blame her for that? It’s widely known that MSNBC does not have an audience, so she, for all intents and purposes, thought she was at a bar with some of her friends at, like, 6:30, seven o’clock in the morning and that nobody was listening, and she was talking to a bunch of like-minded fellow travelers.She also said that’s why it was so important for the intelligence to be widely distributed, as it was. She left the Obama administration, left the Pentagon, in September 2015. So let me tell you what that means. Contrary to it meaning that she was out of the loop, it means that this intel collection against the Trump campaign had to be going on from the very earliest days. Remember, Trump’s trip down the escalator was in June of 2015 — or was it July? June 15th, yeah. That trip down the escalator, June of 2015.And Evelyn Farkas said that the intelligence collection, the surveillance against the Trump campaign, since she left in September of 2015, and she knew about it and it had to be going on in the summer of 2015, which in and of itself is quite amazing, it’s earth-shattering, it’s blockbuster, given that scarcely anyone gave Trump a chance of getting the nomination.Remember, this is the period of time, you know, Trump’s June the 16th announcement, that’s where everybody was laughing themselves silly thinking he couldn’t possibly be serious. He’s just come out here and basically called every Mexican a rapist and said he doesn’t respect McCain ’cause he doesn’t like military people that get captured, doesn’t respect, all that. This is back in the day when people thought Trump was gonna implode and crater with every public appearance. And that went on for the two months. They were not taking Trump seriously. That’s what’s amazing about this. They were still surviving the guy and his campaign, according to Evelyn Farkas.Now, Comey told us the Russians only wanted to see Hillary get defeated. That’s another thing. How’s that intel? But last week at that vaunted Capitol Hill hearing for the House Intelligence Committee, Comey admitted, oh, yeah, uh, yeah, the Russians wanted Hillary defeated. So why weren’t the Russians colluding with Jeb? I mean, everybody back then thought Jeb was gonna be the nominee. Is that not true?Why would anybody be colluding with Trump? Nobody thought Trump was gonna win. Probably Trump didn’t think he was gonna win. Although he says he did. But June, July, August 2015, folks, we’re coming up on a year and a half ago now. And at that time everybody thought it was gonna be Jeb. Jeb! With the exclamation point. Everybody thought it was gonna be Jeb. Am I right about that? And there was some attention being paid to Ted Cruz. But not Trump.So why weren’t the Russians trying to engineer some deal with Jeb? Why wasn’t there any intel on that? Why weren’t the Russians trying to strike a deal with Cruz? Why isn’t there any intel on that? Why haven’t there been any leaks about that? ‘Cause nobody in 2015 thought that it was gonna be the Trumpster.Let’s listen to Evelyn Farkas. We have the audio sound bites here from March — yeah, but I don’t know that that’s right. I thought this was much more recent than that. Look, we’ll just say “recently” and then — she was on Squawk Box today. So here’s the first bite. It says March 2nd. It was on MSNBC Morning Joe, and they were discussing allegations that the Obama administration was conducting surveillance of the Trump transition team. This is, again, Evelyn Farkas.FARKAS: I was urging my former colleagues and, frankly speaking, the people on the Hill. It was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people: “Get as much information as you can. Get as much intelligence as you can before President Obama leaves the administration.” Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left.So it would be hidden away in the bureaucracy that the Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about the Trump staff dealing with Russians, that they would try to compromise those the sources and methods. Meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence.So I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open, and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia. So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking.RUSH: She admits it! It was right there! She admitted that they were collecting it, preserving it, and then urging people to get it out. In her words, get it to the Hill, meaning Democrats on the Hill, before the Obama administration left. And we’ve had stories right there in, I guess it was the New York Times, Obama ordered people to preserve all the intelligence being gathered, which has led many people, including moi, to ask, “What do you mean preserve the intelligence being gathered? I thought there wasn’t any intelligence being gathered? I thought Trump was not being surveilled?”But of course he was. We’ve known this from the first story saying whatever it said with the sources being intelligence operatives deep inside the intelligence community. The New York Times with all those stories talking about intercepts and the one on January 20th talking about wiretaps, where were they getting all of this? Somebody had to be leaking it to them and somebody had to be collecting it. And this woman, Evelyn Farkas, just copped to it.You have to ask, “Does she realize what she’s doing?” And clearly, folks, she thought she was with fellow travelers that would be entirely understanding and sympathetic and supportive. She hadn’t the slightest compunction about this.“I was urging my former colleagues and, frankly speaking, the people on the Hill. It was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people: ‘Get as much information as you can. Get as much intelligence as you can before President Obama leaves the administration.’ Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left.“So it would be hidden away in the bureaucracy that the Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about the Trump staff dealing with Russians, that they would try to compromise those the sources and methods. Meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence.“So I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open, and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia. So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking.”This woman needs to be brought up and testify right now. This woman outed herself and who knows whoever else, admitting that they were surveilling, admitting that they were preserving it, admitting they were afraid that if it wasn’t used, that the Trump people would bury it when they were sworn in. So they had to get it out, because the intelligence was very good. She was worried because not enough was coming out.She talked to some of her former colleagues and after that knew that they were also trying to get information on the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking. Do you know that this story, Evelyn Farkas appearance on MSNBC, has yet to be reported on CNN, the New York Times, the Washington Post. It remains an unknown to Americans who only get their news from the Drive-By Media.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: I think we can prove my contention that nobody watches MSNBC because I double-checked here, and Evelyn Farkas did appear on MSNBC on March 2nd or March 3rd. It is March 28th this started going public. So three weeks, nobody, obviously nobody watches MSNBC. If it took three weeks for this statement of hers to go public? I mean, if anybody of any substance watches MSNBC, they would have spotted that the moment they heard it! Heck, the MSNBC people didn’t even realize what they had heard.








Mar 29, 2017RUSH: The blockbuster news today that everybody is ignoring, understandably so, is contained in a headline at a website called Circa. John Solomon, who used to be an AP reporter, who was not your typical AP reporter — I’m going back 10 or 12 years. Then he went to the Washington Times. He’s now formed a website or taken over a website that used to be named Circa. It’s his now, and he writes with a woman named Sara Carter.The headline of this blockbuster story: “Obama’s Rule Changes Opened Door For NSA Intercepts Of Americans To Reach Political Hands.” What this story is about is how Obama changed the rules on incidental wiretapping. In other words, if NSA, CIA are targeting foreign actors, and that surveillance picks up Americans, such as Mike Flynn, Obama changed the rules to share the transcripts of that intel with his political people.Susan Rice, Valerie Jarrett, John Brennan, opening, or I should say expanding the universe of possible leakers to the media about what was going on. So an Obama late rules change, two now, sharing intel with 16 different intel agencies, including foreign governments, and now opening the door for NSA intercepted intelligence of Americans to reach the political operatives in his administration.








High winds on Thursday grounded airline flights, flipped semitrucks, toppled light poles onto cars and knocked out power to thousands of homes and businesses throughout the Las Vegas Valley.The National Weather Service issued a high-wind warning until 10 p.m. and a dust advisory until 11 p.m. in the valley Thursday. Officials with the weather service, Clark County Fire Department and NV Energy warned the public to stay inside Thursday.Some parts of the valley experienced wind gusts between 60 and 70 mph during the peak period Thursday afternoon. At about 2:15 p.m., the valley’s strongest recorded wind gusts clocked in at 84 mph near the 215 Beltway and Desert Inn Road, the weather service said.Gusts on Thursday at McCarran International Airport peaked at 60 mph. Despite strong winds wreaking havoc in and around the valley, “we didn’t come close to the March record gusts,” Guillet said.On March 21, 1984, wind gusts of 82 mph were recorded at McCarran International Airport, she said. The highest gusts ever at the airport were recorded on Aug. 8, 1989, at 90 mph.READ MORE: Winds down power lines, flip semitrucks and ground flights in Las Vegas — PHOTOS








Featured image by The Indy Channel via CNNThe outlet states that the accused is one 24-year-old Khalid Bilal. Reports allege that Bilal – who was apparently a customer at the store – confronted an employee at the store and attempted to convert her.When that didn’t work, he reportedly became upset.One witness states that Bilal proceeded to assault a male worker.“[Bilal] had become very irate and was screaming at one of the employees and then grabbed him by the collar and [started] pushing him and screaming ‘are you scared,'” said the witness.“He was just so full of rage and violence. I [have] never seen anything like that before.”The witness claims that a female worker then approached Bilal and attempted to calm him down.That didn’t go over well as Bilal allegedly beat her and grabbed her by the throat. He was allegedly shouting “Allah Akbar” throughout the incident.A Goodwill store in Indiana (Image via Goodwill)The Indy Channel reports that Bilal was ultimately tased after attacking police and telling them they were going to hell. Once police took him to a hospital, however, he allegedly continued to assault them as they tried to restrain him.He broke one officer’s hand at some point in the scuffle.Bilal is currently facing charges of battery on police, resisting law enforcement, disorderly conduct, battery with injury, intimidation, and strangulation.Sources:
The Indy Channel
WISHTV.com The religion of peace, but you have to convert to it to get the peace.But they even kill each other.Eternal peace.Even then many Muslims kill each other for “not being Muslim enough.”+Soleil Or being the wrong kind of Muslim. Sunnis and Shi’ites kill each other every day over tiny tiny scriptural differences. That’s the sad part there will never be any peace even if they had their global caliphate because Islam teaches that the only way to solve problems is with violence.A peace at any price is a piece f the graveReligion of pieces (head and body).Look out here comes the Truck of Peace. The only way to stop this is to ban all High Capacity Assault Trucks. It’s not the drivers fault it’s the trucks fault! Islam has nothing to do with Islam.Then they just give you pieces of the rocks.He grabbed her by the throat, he should be facing attempted murder.most times, throat grabbing isn’t done with the intention of murder. It’s more often done to silence people.I worked as an engineer in a production facility. One of the engineers in my group was a muslim, and he refused to speak to me. Ever. Even when I had to get information from him about line stoppages. One day he saw me coming towards him and knowing I was going to speak to him, he looked around, grinned at me across the floor, and hurried into the nearby men’s room. So, I followed him.The HR complaint came to my boss the next day. He called us in and asked the guy why he wouldn’t speak to me. The guy said I had no business being there, didn’t belong in a factory and I had no sense of propriety. My boss asked him, “…but, doesn’t your wife work”? The response? “Not in a factory with men. My wife is a good woman!”This was 25 years ago and most men didn’t behave that way. But I’d bet money that guy still does.Grandma, I find myself upvoting excellent posts, discovering it, again and again. I wish you were my grandma! hugsYou are a sweetie! You made my day, thanks!If I knew a guy like that I would be glad that he didn’t talk to me. This goes to show that we need to put a stop to them coming into America it hasn’t been too long that Women in America have come a long way to being treated with respect and dignity. Which I find really interesting that the Democrats and the so called Feminist which they are nothing but a bunch of Phony’s. That they would allow these people to come into our Country with the way they treat their Women, Children and Homosexuals. Even the LGBTQ would want People like that here with the way they treat the Gays and Lesbians. Deport now before it’s too late.Kill it…..Chances he will be convicted of anything: NIL.I’m not so sure about that. this isn’t europeBut he’ll have a good lawyer who pleads both insanity AND religious persecution; and the trial will feature a judge named – oh, I don’t know – Mohammed?hahaha. sheeeit…Muncie has not seen the end of this terrorist.Right? We all know how the final chapter of this story ends I don’t know why we let it keep happening.0 tolerance please, just kill him if he attack the police, dont worry about the libtards crying in twitterIf only the MSM would report incidents like this for ALL to know and see. Maybe their audience wouldn’t be so misinformed or clueless and remain Islam apologists.Coworker used to wash his feet in the sink on lunch break – when i told him to mind his manners he shouted that Allah will punish me and I will burn in hell. Later he kept singing a chant everytime he saw me, laughed at me and shook his head. I complained to my boss but I was told to let him be. Guy was fired few weeks later for something else.A Goodwill Store. What, is charity un-Islamic too? —Ddid the guy break the cops hand by repeatedly hitting him in the hand with his face?I HOPE so! LOL!All throughout the ordeal he still managed to break one officer’s hand and not a single one of them thought to ventilate him?Just kill himGet these oeople out of my country!SHOOT THE MOTHERFUCKER BETWEEN THE FUCKING EYESand miss all the vital spots? what a waste of a bullet+Dion G If I remember correctly from my history channel documentaries I used to watch (back before it was the pawn stars channel) you want to hit them in the fatal T of the brain stem so maybe a bit below the eyes? If you were looking right at them hit them under the nose I’m thinking? In WW2 the Commisars used to execute people with a bullet to the back of the neck right at the base of the skull. I think that’s about halfway down or towards the bottom of this fatal T.Islam promotes an imperial peace. Tyranny will keep us inline.Could followers of this bogus religion be possessed by malignant spirits? There is no other explanation why they are so violent and hate-filled.There doesn’t always have to be a supernatural reason for evil. Human beings are capable of disgusting things under the right circumstances. When you have a religion that tells you that you’re superior to everyone and have the right to do whatever you like to whoever you want, that gives you free reign to be an absolutely uncontrollable monster.+Matt True but this spirit possession type zombie cult behavior the left is exhibiting has been talked about by cultures for millennia all across the globe. Even if it is all in their heads, there is some kind of mass psychosis or something going on.i hope the cop broke his hand on this animals face.DEPORTIslam…Nuke it from orbit, it’s the only way to make sure. A goodwill store has at least 5 employees. What were they doing during this just watching him beat and choke her? And wtf he broke the cops hand?? I sure wish it was back in the day where if you made the police mad you didn’t go to the station, they took you 86. 80 miles out of town and 6 feet under ground.TMB Typical Muslim Behavior, Total savagesHe should have been shot for assaulting the cops. He even managed to break the officer’s hand! Man, why are police so afraid to shoot these savages and deal with them the way they fucking deserve?








Want a free cup of coffee? Starbucks has got you covered.All you have to do is drink it while talking to someone you disagree with. That’s the premise behind the coffee behemoth’s collaboration with Harvard Business School startup ‘Hi from the Other Side,’ which matches up liberals and conservatives to create healthy conversation about American politics. The startup announced the partnership last week.Here’s how it works: Users can sign up for the app via Facebook and are then paired with someone nearby who identifies with the opposing political party. Each user then receives half of the information necessary to unlock a Starbucks gift card. Then, once both participants meet up, they can work together to unlock the gift cards and receive a complimentary cup of java.The startup has been featured by national news outlets, including Mashable and The Washington Post, and it has received high praise from its users. It was founded by Harvard Business School student Henry Tsai.Starbucks has been no stranger to political discourse lately. The company’s CEO, Howard Schultz, sent a memo to employees on the day after the election, admitting he was “stunned” by the election outcome and encouraging Starbucks workers to “take care of each other and the people in our lives.” He also vowed to hire 10,000 refugees in response to President Trump’s executive order barring immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries.








The new film, titled ‘An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth To Power,” apparently takes aim at President Donald Trump for his stance on global warming.The movie’s trailer shows a reel of footage depicting severe weather. Al Gore’s voice warns, “storms get stronger and more destructive. Watch the water splash off the city. This is global warming.”He continues, “despair can be paralyzing. But this, to me, is the most exciting new development. We’re seeing a tremendous amount of positive change. The basis is there. But it’s still not enough.”The trailer also features excerpts of President Trump’s on global warming and also shows Gore studying climate change.According to predictions made by Al Gore in 2006 – when ‘An Inconvenient Truth’ was released – planet earth should have reached “the point of no return” related to global warming last year.Writing for Forbes, however, contributor Robert Bradley Jr. pointed out last year that Al Gore was wrong with that prediction, which led to plenty of overreaction from plenty of fellow activists.Lumping Gore into the category of global warming activists with a “dismal track record” that “seems to lead to only more drama and hyperbole,” Bradley Jr. wrote:Back in 2006, Al Gore prophesied that unless the world dramatically reduced greenhouse gasses, we would hit a “point of no return.”And in his book review of Gore’s book and movie from that year, An Inconvenient Truth, scientist James Hansen unequivocally stated:“We have at most ten years – not ten years to decide upon action, but ten years to alter fundamentally the trajectory of global greenhouse emissions.Time is up on Gore’s “point of no return” and Hansen’s “critical tipping point.”But hte two fathers of the global warming movement have nary admitted their exaggeration nor set a new timetable for effective action.His net worth rose from $1.7 million in 1999 to a whopping $200 million in 2013.And now, liberals appear poised to help Al Gore increase his net worth even more – so he can buy another beach house, perhaps?@ParamountUK #thisisourhome— Estevon Lozano (@_EsteLo_) March 29, 2017@aitruthfilm can’t wait. It’s obvious worldwide and I am watching our beach in FL take house after house & sand being brought in. Ice melt!— Amy Venters (@Amstrix1) March 29, 2017@aitruthfilm This film needs to be leaked now. I need this to screen to my students.— Scott Knoflíček (@sknoflicek) March 29, 2017Sources:
Forbes
Paramount PicturesWhat a wiz Al Gore is. First the internet now movies from our graves.It’s interesting that not one hurricane has made landfall in the USA while considered “major” (Category 3 to 5) since _An Inconvenient Truth_ came out in 2005. Since then, hurricanes have been only Category 1 or 2 at the time of landfall. This is the longest hurricane drought in recorded history, smashing the record set in the Civil War era, when our ability to detect hurricanes was much lower. And yet Gore’s film had predicted a devastating escalation of such.“Watch the water splash off the city..” HUH?CEREALLY!!! Cool…a new movie by ManBearPig!!!! Can’t wait until South Park takes a shot at this!!! Stay tuned….Here’s an inconvenient truth… How did a VP making a little over $200,000 dollars per year some how become worth over 200 Million dollars? This snake oil sales-man and professional fear mongerer is taking PT Barnum’s famous quote to the next level – “There’s a sucker born every minute.”Al Gore made money so all scientists are frauds. —DSo you have to take it out on strawmen?Forgive me, who are the straw-men again?No, he made 200,000,000.00 by saling his network to bil oil AFTER claimg the world was coming to an end BECAUSE of “big oil”. That makes him a fraud.So, you believe he’s a liar, a hypocrite & a fraud (& a Democrat).So… all scientists are frauds? Just because an idiot says 2+2=4, doesn’t make it less so.You warmists tell us we can’t comment because we’re not ​scientists. Yet you allow nonscientists like Gore to spout lies. No – but the only scientists you pay attention to, are the one’s being paid with the same money. It’s a money game, that’s the point. And you’re the gullible koolaid drinker paying their salary. – Of course there are man made environmental hazards – but they’re not as dire as these money grubbing fear mongers would have you believe.Aliens.Selling his bankrupt TV franchise and organization to Saudi family. A payoff to layoff. Worked too. .ManBearPig returns….Send grandpa to the old folk’s home, there he can ramble about ‘global warming’ and the nurse will be there instantly with his meds.Wait… I know I’ve had a couple drinks but does this say “former president Al Gore”? I mean, he was vice, right? Under Clinton? But not top dog. Thank you Jesus. Anyway. My two cents. Otherwise, great article! Also, you have “hte” in place of “the” in the fourth to the last line. And I’m more than tipsy. In fact, most of the time I don’t comment on typos, that’s how tipsy I am. Need an editor? I’m totally up for hire.(Don’t bother applying for a job if you’ve got a science degree. Thinking makes his brain hurt.)Ha! It was a joke. I don’t want an editing job. Unless they offer something like $85/hr. But it is a pet peeve. Though I know I’m as victim to it as the next guy. We all make mistakes.What would you know about science? You are too subscribed to the religion of Climetology, it’s Scientology reborn!Scientology is a religion. Move over God, Thus spake the IRS.Are you stupid or something? he didn’t say it wasn’t a religion. He said climatology is a religion, ie you need to have faith in something you can’t prove. People are getting dumber each and every day…Now, if you take a look at your calendar, you’ll see it’s currently 2017. Ya, so what. Point of no return means just that and only that. The effects of climate change won’t all happen on the weekend when you’re cutting your fricken lawn, genius. Yet again, conservatives prove they are science dumb. It’s clear somebody around here didn’t get a STEM education. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3517f79daedf5ba000b2ae7516f59f7ee79da9dbc503173b4c3637f459f5b940.jpg Who looks at this picture and thinks, we need more of that? (David)Doesn’t point of no return mean it can’t be stopped? Why should we try to stop something when it’s going to happen no matter what we do? You’re so busy insulting people you forgot to think. Or are you just being obtuse?To lessen the degree of damage. Like reducing the speed of your car, even though you know it’s gonna crash. –DThat’s a false equivalence. The “point of no return” meant that after 2015, if changes were not made, nothing could be done and the catastrophic environmental changes depicted in the film would likely to take place.
Your car crash scenario is analogous to 2006 when the film was released, while there was still time to avert or reduce the damage of the impending event, according to it’s producers.
Vice President Gore reputation was significantly damaged in recent years from sex scandals, campaign funds diversion, and the dichotomy of his very public concern for the environment and his private behavior, evidenced by a yearly consumption rate of 221,000 kilowatt hours at his home in TN in 2006 (the same year as the film was released). The average usage in the US is about 11,000 per year. None of the dire predictions in “An Inconvenient Truth” have come to pass and the debate on Climate change rages on, much like it did back in 2006 and in 1996. The celebrated climate models have not been helpful, except to show the climate is much more complex than climate scientists thought.
Dr. Michael Mann’s “Hockey Stick”, first featured in the film, nearly got Dr. Mann censored and removed from Penn State; the finding was that he didn’t deliberately create a misleading function, he was just incompetent.
The point is that 2015 wasn’t the “point of no return” and VP Gore has a history of corruption, infidelity, and lying. His scientific sources have proven to be extremists, generally far outside mainstream scientific thought and generally wrong on most topics. Given his record, do you really think VP Gore should be selling a film subtitled “Truth to Power?”Acidification of the Oceans, melting snow packs, Arctic methane release, Urban smog, depletion of the world fish stocks, etc. may have a common cause but not necessarily the same solution.It may well be the point of no return for coral reefs. A singular event which shares a common cause, may have dozens of independent viable solutions. —DI voted you up for the pun…. math jokes always make me smile.
The salient point remains, if we’re past the point of no return, why release a sequel? If that is truly the scenario (and I think it’s just dingo’s kidneys), then we ought to stop worrying about the science of climate change and start worrying about how to survive it’s effects. I thought we established Gore shouldn’t be selling science movies? And he is guilty as sin.As I said upstairs somewhere, just because an idiot says 2+2=4, doesn’t mean he’s wrong. Much like a clock, republicans can be correct as much as twice a day. (Ha Ha) Dave.Agreed. He may (or may not) be wrong. The fact that he was awarded the Nobel Peace prize (along with the IPCC) for climate change *is*. When a journalist is wrong, we stop pay attention to them (i.e. Dan Rather, Jayson Blair, Michael Finkle, Jack Kelley). We don’t give the Pulitzer prize (in many case, we take it away from them). We certainly don’t give them another chance.
If one is serious about climate change, I’d think one would want someone else other than Al Gore publicly leading the charge. The fact that his recent film (a mostly disproven premise) was a success at Cannes suggests otherwise.1) No Gore should not be selling etc.
2) Cuz one scientist is wrong, means what exactly? Gore can’t trust any scientist in the future? (By the way, he is not even qualified to certify most of his own material.)
3) As to Gore’s moral failings, there but for the grace of god.
4) Agreed, the climate is much more complex than climate scientists thoughtZen, the fun of having warmist debunkers, is that , at heart, they are NOT scientists, but secular religionists. Settled Science is a fancy word for Dogma, and Apocalyptic Visions bring in the grant money, but never seem to materialize.I have survived more of their Apocalypses than the characters on “Buffy the Vampire Slayer”. At the end of the day, these “scientists” operate off a fake model of climate that refuses to include variations in sun activity and volcanic activity, and posits a static universe that does not exist. They also obtusely ignore cyclic behavior of the earth. If we bring these things up, they play the “Appeal to authority” card, and talk about how climate authorities are scientists and we are not, neener, neener.lol, you’re a dumbass. I have a STEM education and don’t believe in the lies they tried to shove down my throat throughout school. There is not a single piece of evidence that says global warming is anthropomorphic. For all we know, it’s a natural cycle of warming and cooling. Actually, there’s a lot of evidence that solar activity and volcanic eruptions have more impact than humans do on the climate, but please, tell me again how you know for sure the world is gonna end unless we do something now about a problem that is still measuring changed in ocean levels in millimeters. If it was really a problem, you’d be measuring it in meters, dumbass.Look a glacier retreat. That’s measured in millimeters? Look at the retreat of muti-year ice, that’s measured in millimeters? etc etcOK, I’m a dumbass. How do measure that by the way?Scary that the last tweet is a teacher who wants to show it to students, the first movie had so many mistakes in it, that students in the U.K. Got notes contradicting its falls claims and political indoctrination From the looks of it, Al Gore ate the whole cash cow… $200 million made off of a singular scare tactic, yowza.Al Gore ain’t no scientist.(And why not profit from disseminating real news? I thought we were all about making a profit in here. He sells videos just like Hollywood; get over it.)Fox News makes a profit, don’t they? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6967045fe5d63bb9409e0463f7972015a4cf1171b6f8ebdcc298e261c8b7c225.jpg
God I miss him.
.Only a collectivist would make excuses for making a profit on the basis of deception.So God believers & God peddlers are collectivists?
Agreed.Yes.Climate scientists are like economists. None of them have a clue how the topic of their profession works.They predicted the accelerated melting of glaciers in the Rocky Mountains & the Himalayas. They predicted a more acidic ocean. They drill ice cores to study the climate of the past million years.What have you done to negate their conclusions? Oh, right that would take work. (David)
.
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/641a918a388ab3ee34b4c4db5bc7e9b42d4b48f9426a7256233fbadf4b2fc4aa.jpgI’m assuming you can read a graph with pretty colours.so, because the ocean is getting more acidic, global warming is man-made, brilliant you are.Sadly, that’s true for probably 80-90% of all cases.Well, all I’ve got to say is… https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d44293a16a10f2977acd083b878485538f8cd1afa1bb87470ec09b22f01a3778.jpgWho said science was easy?
.Science is hard….comedy is harder, but this retrospective achieves it. Science cannot by definition be settled, but it sure can be worked like a ten dollar hooker to get PAIIIDDDD.There’s a misspelled word in the block quote provided.If we just give all our money and freedom to Democrats we won’t die…again.Well, I’m sure that after some “adjustments” we’ll find out that the world really did end because of global warming last year. At least according to the models.Also, nice to see how he fights global warming by flying around on a private jet and maintaining huge power-hogging mansions. Shows commitment, just like DiCaprio.There is no proof that “global warming” is anthropomorphic, not one single piece of proof.








Rebel Media reporter David Menzies says he attended a meeting hosted by a parental advocacy group concerned about the school’s decision.At that meeting, Menzies met a mother who immigrated to Canada “so she and her family could enjoy” freedoms, only to those freedoms trampled upon.“Last week when I was having a chat with one of the fellow parents in my community, she mentioned to me that their daughter’s class was stopped outside the computer lab,” she said.“They couldn’t get to the computer lab. The reason was that prayer was going on inside the computer lab and they had to wait for a half hour.”The woman went on to claim that her own daughter is being discriminated against because she doesn’t “dress up” like Muslim students.Disturbingly, the woman also claimed that her daughter approached her last month and asked, “mom, why do you pray to God when God doesn’t love you?”When pressed for an explanation, the woman’s daughter reportedly stated, “well, God loves only Muslims” and cited a friend whose mother had communicated that message.The woman goes on to ask if this behavior is “in accordance with Canadian values” or if “we are just turning a blind eye to Islamification of our Canadian values.”@ezralevant Now we have newer canadians scared and regretting they even came here. It’s actually quite sad— Paul Latour (@PaulGLatour) March 29, 2017@ezralevant @Cernovich Wouldn’t it just be easier to say “Canada is under Sharia Law”?— David (@SantaCarlaDavid) March 29, 2017@ezralevant @BalanceOptimum @YouTube So now we’re turning a learning room into a prayer room?Coming next will be class time/reading Koran.— Lisa (@Coffeecake403) March 29, 2017According to the CBC – Canada’s public broadcaster – “a vocal group” has been attending the school board meetings “specifically to make it known they are against Muslim prayer in schools.”At last week’s meeting, chaos erupted as protesters got heated. One man apparently ripped the Quran and threw pages across the room.In response, the school district’s school board chair said they will not be taking questions related to religious accommodations at future meetings.Sources:
CBC
Rebel MediaJust read about this in our taxpayer funded CBC that should be renamed The Islamic Rag.I live in Peel. I can vouch that Toronto has bent over and pulls down its pants for Islam smiling. We are SICK of it. My son’s school did not even have a Christmas pageant!!! It was Black history month and Islam or Hindu there. It’s CRAP.. He was one of 5 white kids in the ENTIRE SCHOOL. He was picked on non stop for being white and believing in SANTA!!!! He was 8!!!! Having to deal with their entitled racist crap!!!
We moved to a different area, at least our kids aren’t beat up by Christian hating Muslim kids anymore, we put them in catholic school. I go to Toronto infrequently- the last time I was there was for Pride, and I while I was in line at a Tim’s I look behind me and there’s this group of 3 or 4 muslim men with the hats and the robes and everything just giving me the most bone-chilling death glare you can imagine. The way they were looking at me left no doubt in my mind what they would be doing to me, a skinny gay guy with a rainbow t-shirt, had we not all been in a busy public place. The thought that we are going to be importing more and more of these people on Trudeau’s watch makes me honestly frightened. Naturally, I can’t talk about this with anyone because they will call me a racist.Be safe. I know it sucks, but you need to watch how you dress and how you come across.This is now your reality, and you have to be careful. Thanks,little Trudeau, see what you’ve done to your own citizens?I appreciate your concern, but I would actually rather be dead than to cater to this sort of Islamo-fascism. I refuse to give one inch to these thugs, and I will not change how I dress or how I act to just appease some Islamist scumbag. This is the attitude we need to have towards totalitarians if we actually want to beat them.I salute your courage, but the way to win is to be there to fight against it. That means don’t stick out, because to a hammer, everything looks like a nail!A very grandmotherly argument, if I may say so 🙂I keep TRYING to take care of all my babies…live to fit another day.Discretion is the best part of valor!So sad. I’m sorry you and your child had to endure that. It must have been terrifying for him. I’m lucky I live in an all white little county in western VA. Not a black, Muslim or any minority in sight. No crime hardly at all. Move to Craig County VA and we will protect you and your family. With Bonds to the old South, Sincerely J.C. StegerJiggs McDonald, NHL Hall of Fame broadcaster speaking in Ontario, says: “I am truly perplexed that so many of my friends are against another mosque being built in Toronto. I think it should be the goal of
every Canadian to be tolerant regardless of their religious beliefs. Thus the mosque should be allowed, in an effort to promote tolerance.“That is why I also propose that two nightclubs be opened next door to the mosque; thereby promoting tolerance from within the mosque. We could call one of the clubs, which would be gay, “The Turban Cowboy,” and the other, a topless bar, would be called “You Mecca Me Hot. “Next door should be a butcher shop that specializes in pork, and adjacent to that an open-pit barbecue pork restaurant, called “Iraq of Ribs.“Across the street there could be a lingerie store called “Victoria Keeps Nothing Secret,” with sexy mannequins in the window modelling the goods,” and on the other side a liquor store called ‘Morehammered.’“All of this would encourage Muslims to demonstrate the tolerance they demand of us.”LOL this is hilarious.I almost peed myself I laughed so hard when I first read it!God that would be fantastic, but would probably never be allowed. Plus all the liquor stores here are owned by the government.We Canadians quite often get “1st-Amendment envy” up here…Well, the 1st hasn’t been very effective these last 8 years. But between President Trump and Milo, darling, I’m pretty hopeful these days!Appease, appease, only to be killed by the ones you tried to please….Islam…Nuke it from irbit, it’s the only way to be sure. It wouldnt be so bad if they would be modest and keep to themselves… but they go and harrass non-muslims and cause disruption.What do you expect frim third world scum thats all those so called refugees are. Nothing but scum. Bringing scum in to put on welfarelets be thankful the woman complaining is a minority. we all know if it was a white parent they would be demonized for having an opinion that doesn’t deify muslims.Sounds like Canada hasn’t been watching what’s going on in Europe. Time to abandon public schools in Canada, eh?Fuck that. Barge right in there and start a loud and annoying protest against Moslem “moderates”.Take your kids out of the school.PUBLIC schools in Canada are NOT permitted to have ANY religion in them. How do Muslims get off demanding rights the rest of us don’t have? If they don’t want to ‘fit-in”…then they can fuck off back to the third-world hell-holes from whence they came.
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2b2f158cbec71f8ec8c1623294365964bbf700b926b0d9b437d2cf0be1794116.jpgThere was a time when Christians stopped 5 times a day to pray. Maybe they should start doing this again, and demand chapels and bells for our call to prayer.“In response, the school district’s school board chair said they will not be taking questions related to religious accommodations at future meetings.”In other words. “Fuck you. We’ve got our own agenda and we don’t give a damn what you think”So Canadian authorities are as terrified of terrorists as US authorities are? Was this an end goal of leftists turning what used to be brave men into gutless, spineless walking corpses? Save us, Milo. Canada is being taken over.Next school board meeting, I’d bring “halal” bacon for everyone 😉








By publicly sharing these people’s email addresses and skype names you are complicit in spreading and proliferating their groups/  Not the smartest move here.I do not condone or would ever choose to participate in such activity on Tribe.net or elsewhere. But I’m confused about where Heavy.com got the screen shot, since Tribe.net (including public, perfectly clean tribes that I would like to access) has not allowed any logins for over a year. Has Heavy just been sitting on this information, waiting for something this whole time? There is something fishy not just with those Tribe.net users, but also with Heavy.com .The above statement is mine. I don’t know it shows me as anonymous.








Apr 4, 2017RUSH: ESPN should hire me back because I’m responsible — look at this headline: “New ESPN Guidelines Recognize Connection Between Sports and Politics.” They have me to thank for that. I broke the barrier on that. Yep. Never happen, however.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: If any of you people out there happen to be people that make comments on websites, log on to ESPN and issue a comment on this new story about officially mixing politics with sports and tell ’em that they ought to bring back the guy who got it started in the first place — me — and just look at the reaction it causes. That will be the fun of it.








Apr 4, 2017RUSH: I don’t know if I’m gonna have time to get into this Camille Paglia thing. Let me give you one pull quote to tell you why it intrigues me and maybe we’ll save it.Real men, alpha men, are increasingly hard to find in American culture. Why? Well, because they’ve been told that masculinity, their masculinity is toxic, that women don’t want it, that it’s barbaric, that it’s predatory. And here’s the key: Since men are wired — here we are in genetics again — since men are wired, since men are created to please women, they have obliged, and they consciously avoid alpha-type behavior because that’s what they think women want.And then when women get what they want, they end up not liking the guys ’cause they’re a bunch of wusses that they can walk all over. They ultimately don’t like it. The biggest problem, however — my opinion here — that feminism has created is the besmirching of motherhood that has occurred in modern feminism. That’s caused more confusion than anybody dares to actually admit.And if you want, I’ll explain this sometime.








Apr 4, 2017RUSH: As you know, I read the tech blogs. And these are largely young little leftist Millennials. They are like robots. It’s amazing how one blog is identical to the next blog. I guess it’s true of many blogs. Anyway, they are uniformly (impression), “Outraged and offended and mad and scared and upset,” because Trump has repealed online privacy protections from the Obama era. Have you come across this story? It’s an FCC-related story. It’s our old buddy Ajit Pai who’s gone in there and erased a bunch of Obama administration stuff.Ajit PaiAnd these uninformed (while thinking they know everything) young Millennials now actually believe that what it’s enabled is for every internet provider to share the browsing history with advertisers. As though, “This has never been done! This is outrageous! This is the biggest assault on freedom and privacy that we have ever experienced. Trump! Trump! Trump! We hate Trump!” The New York Times has the story. (Ahem.) “President Trump on Monday signed a congressional resolution to complete the overturning of internet privacy protections created by the Federal Communications Commission during the Obama administration.”He didn’t “overturn” anything, folks.“The change will allow broadband internet service suppliers, such as cable and telecommunications companies, to track and sell a customer’s online information with greater ease. The Republican opponents of the Obama-era rules, which would have gone into effect later this year, said they would have unfairly placed restrictions on broadband providers, like Verizon and Comcast…” So, if the Democrats imposed it, it had to be good. It had to be good. You know what the Democrats did?Guess who shares your browsing history with the world? Google. Guess who else shares your browsing history (and anything else they can find about you) with the world? Facebook. So Facebook and Google have always been protected because they worked with Obama. What Trump has done is level the playing field. Nobody has ever told Google that they can’t do it. Nobody has ever told Facebook they can’t share your browsing history. But Verizon and AT&T and all the others were told they couldn’t do it, because Obama was granting favors to political supporters (i.e., Facebook and Google).What Trump has done is say (summarized), “Well, if Google can do it and if Facebook can do it, then we’re gonna let Verizon do it, because this is how these companies earn money. They share the browsing history of their customers with advertisers so that advertising can be tailored almost exclusively to the user.” The Trump people said, “It’s not fair that only Google and Facebook can do this.” It was the Obama administration who actually put restrictions on the internet service providers — the content providers — in order to protect political donors, Facebook and Google.So this is the exact opposite, practically, of what it’s being reported. It’s being reported that that dastardly Trump doesn’t care about your privacy and is letting your evil cable company sell your browsing history if you use their cable modem for internet services. All the while, Google and Facebook have been doing this for decades. And the only way you can opt out is to not do Google anymore. Turn off your cookies and this sort of thing, private browsing on your computer. Now, this leads into another thing.You know, Apple is selling the fact that their devices and their cloud services and any of their other services offered as part of their operating system are focused on your privacy. Because Apple does not collect this data. Most of the data is kept on your phone. But Google does. If you’re using an iPhone or an iPad, and you have a Google account and you’re surfing, Google collects it. This is one of the reasons why Google is able to be more predictive with like where you’re gonna go at a certain time of day and how long it’s gonna take you to get there, because that data is kept in the cloud, and it’s all amassed from your total usage.Apple doesn’t collect it. They have, I’m sure as a marketing aspect but also as a company policy, they want you to think that they are focused on protecting your privacy and not letting law enforcement indiscriminately have a back door into your device, say. But 80%, 90% of Google’s income comes from selling your browsing history, from selling your profile, your online profile. Facebook, ditto.So the Trump administration, Ajit Pai, the FCC, they have not thrown away your freedom. They have simply leveled the business playing field. The solution to this would be to deny Google and Facebook the right to do it, like Verizon and AT&T were not allowed to by virtue of the Obama administration. This is just the implementation of fairness. It’s so widely misreported because everything is made to look like Trump is a creep and a mean guy and wants to know everything about you.The dirty little secret is, folks, that 99.9% of the people on the planet couldn’t care less what your browsing history is or what you’re doing, when you’re doing it. And the Democrats used to get really mad when your privacy was invaded. They used to get really mad, the NSA, warrantless wiretaps, Bush administration, they used to get really, really mad. Now they’re the one amassing the information, collecting it, unmasking it, and leaking it!








Apr 4, 2017RUSH: There’s a story here involving what might be considered genetic unfairness regarding Tom Brady, the quarterback of the New England Patriots. The story is from the U.K. Guardian. Headline: “‘More Than Just Luck’: the Science Behind Tom Brady’s Preposterous Longevity.” Tom Brady is 40. He thinks he can play football in the NFL for six or seven more years. At age 40, most everybody at that age in the NFL is gone by a couple/three years. There are exceptions. George Blanda of the old Oakland Raiders, and a few others. But nobody aged 40 or 39 has ever performed with the proficiency of Brady.Brady has been on a revised health regimen — including exercise and diet — for two years, maybe. Maybe three. And Brady says that he has never been healthier. Brady says in the 15 years he’s been playing, he never feels better after a game, that his arm doesn’t hurt, that his body doesn’t hurt. As opposed to his first five or 10 years, he was sore for three or four days after a game. Now, not at all. And he’s talking about the various aspects. One of the things that gets mentioned frequently is he eats avocado ice cream. I don’t know what it is. I’ve never heard of it before. I’m just giving you an example.It’s almost like a vegan-like diet with some exceptions, but it has a tailored exercise regimen, a very, very strict diet. It involves going to bed before nine o’clock every night no matter what, getting up at five a.m., getting started on the day. It is total commitment to the job, one hundred percent total commitment to the job, as if he were a rookie and had to prove himself to make the roster.So he has become the envy and the object of curiosity of many athletes. Look at Tiger Woods. Tiger Woods is 42 and may not ever play golf again. Numerous surgeries on his back, who knows whatever else. Tom Brady is 40, doesn’t look it, doesn’t look a day over 30, and is playing at a level that nobody else in the league is playing at. And people are just envious as they can be, but also interested in trying to replicate what Brady’s doing.As such, Brady is thinking about, I don’t know, getting into the health business in a way, selling various things or advice. I’m not sure how extensive that is. So that’s the pretext for this story. The story basically tells you what I just told you. It begins this way.“Love him, hate him, but never doubt him. That may stick in the throat of many Patriots haters, but with the gaudy statistics and five Super Bowl victories to prove it, Tom Brady seems to achieve whatever he wills. And what he wants, according to team owner Robert Kraft, is to play another seven years. What makes Brady different, though, isn’t a will to continue playing … Rather, it’s that Brady seems to have a legitimate chance to play as long as he wishes.”Now, here’s where it gets tricky, folks, in this story. Don’t leave me here. Stick with me.“It’s an option not available to every player. Skill and economics factor heavily into how long a player lasts in the NFL, but the decision to retire is often made by MRIs and MDs. Tendons tear, cartilage shreds, the feet slow — and teams realize that the third-round pick can put up the same numbers at a lower cost.“So how has Brady, in a league where hits are likened to car crashes, stayed healthy? ‘I have no doubt that Tom Brady’s ability to recover is due to his lifestyle health,’ says Fergus Connolly, football performance director for Brady’s alma mater, the University of Michigan.”Fergus Connolly says that maintaining a healthy lifestyle — diet, sleep, strength, flexibility, and spiritual cognizant resilience is a critical factor in a long NFL career. “‘You can’t survive in the NFL without giving lifestyle an emphasis and for a long career it has to be all aspects.’ In that sense, Brady’s longevity is more than just luck. His all-encompassing approach to the variables that he can control has made Brady the master of his own destiny, making his desire to play into his mid-40s all the more realistic.”Okay. So what makes Brady different? “It’s not an option available to every player.” Ready for the next? This quote hints at what I think people are beginning to prepare. “But is there something in Brady’s genetics, a stacked deck that allows him advantages not available,” to less genetically endowed players? So, you see, they are thinking Brady has an unfair advantage. He’s got a genetics advantage that not every player has. A stacked deck. His mom and dad equal a stacked deck.“Fergus Connolly doesn’t think so. Since most at the professional level are blessed with good genes, athletes can’t be separated into winners and losers of the genetic lottery. In fact, Connolly believes that for professional athletes, especially those at Brady’s level, how you take of your genes matters more than genetic makeup.”How do you take care of your genes? Brian, you’re a big workout regimen, eating those protein shakes. Are you taking care of your genes? How in the hell do you do that? How do you take care of your genes? G-e-n-e-s. Don’t anybody throw Levi’s at me here. Let me tell you where I think this is headed. No, I think this is headed for white privilege.I’m just telling you, with where we are in our culture, you go to any college campus and white privilege is all over. Special rooms where white students can go and discuss their collective guilt at being white. The unfairness of being white in America is what’s constantly discussed on higher education campuses. It has permeated many different levels of education.So when I see things like what makes Brady different, and “it’s not an option available to every player.” And then we have it’s his genetics, a stacked deck that allows him advantages not available to less genetically endowed players. Well, what are we talking about here? No, you can’t cheat your genetics. This is the point. You cannot work out your genes. You cannot therapy your genes. You have ’em or you don’t. Exactly right. Good breeding. Who was the first to ever discuss this, in fact, in a similar setting? It would be now the infamous James the Greek. Jimmy “The Greek” who talked about this. He got fired for it.Folks, when I see this paragraph, “There’s something in Brady’s genetics, a stacked deck, that allows him advantages not available to less genetically endowed players. It’s more than luck. It’s not an option available to every player.” You know how consumed with fairness the left is. And this is the media. You know how consumed with all of this. I’m just telling you. I got take a break. So have to wait on what I’m just telling you.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Now, where I’m getting at with this Tom Brady business, you know as well as I that we are in a divided culture. We’re divided on gender, sexual orientation. We’re divided on race, we’re divided male-female, you name it.  And we also have a thing about us, we love to tear down people that have achieved greatness.  We just love to.  We’ll build ’em up on the way.  Build ’em, but we love it when they implode. We love it when something happens to tell us they’re no better than we are. We love it when they succumb to average, ordinary things like all the rest of us do.  It’s just human nature.So here you have Tom Brady, perhaps the greatest quarterback in the history of the league — no offense, Joe Montana — and you know as well as I do that there are going to be — well, first you got the Patriot haters, number one, but beside them you’re gonna have people that just by nature are gonna try to say that Brady had an unfair advantage. That you can’t assign hard work and commitment, you can’t make those the reasons ’cause everybody works hard, a lot of people put in commitment.So there has to be something that Brady has that nobody else does that explains Brady’s singular greatness.  You know as well as I do that people like that are everywhere.  You start throwing the racial component in and you have this story alluding to breeding and genetics.  I don’t have to tell you where it could possibly next go.  You can figure that out yourself without me having to say so and have the media all over my case about it.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH:  Oh.  Wait a minute.  I forgot to include one other thing.  They’re gonna have people say Brady is taking supplements that are undetectable, and he’s getting away with juicing.  I forgot that, that people are gonna… So there’s possibilities that abound.  “Genetic superiority? That’s unfair based upon breeding. That’s not fair, and some kind of ‘supplements,’ shall we say? What are these supplements? These are performance-enhancing drugs that speed up recovery and…” Anyway, there’s all kinds of banned substances.  But you’re gonna have people who say, “It’s not humanly possible.“It isn’t humanly possible for a guy to be younger, to look younger, to play better at 40 than he did at 25 or 30.  It’s just not humanly possible.  There has to be a reason.”  So you’re gonna have all kinds of naysayers.  That’s my only point.  Because we love to deny.  I’m leveling no accusations here.  I’m just telling you. I see a story, and I tell you how my mind works. And I see a story that says Tom Brady has an unfair advantage, and they talk about genes (ha!)  and a stacked deck, and they’re talking about genes?  You wait.








Apr 4, 2017RUSH: “Attorney General Jeff Sessions ordered Justice Department officials to review” all these consent decrees and “reform agreements with troubled police forces nationwide, saying it was necessary to ensure that these [consent decrees] do not work against the Trump administration’s goals of promoting officer safety and morale while fighting violent crime.” Consent decree is one of these terms of legality that many people might not understand. But here’s essentially what it is. After a… Well, it doesn’t necessarily require this. In fact, there were 14 consent decrees between the Obama Justice Department and local police departments.Let’s focus on Ferguson, Missouri, since everybody knows that. After Ferguson blew up, this “hands up, don’t shoot” thing happened, the Obama Justice Department took advantage of the opportunity to essentially take over that police department by accusing it of harboring racists and behaving in a racist manner in terms of law enforcement. And since every city and every town gets federal money for this or that, the Obama DOJ held ’em up and said, “If you want to continue getting federal money, you’ve gotta sign this consent degree.”Which essentially allowed the Department of Justice to proclaim that a police department was racist or practicing racism and to implement corrective measures that would be overseen by the Department of Justice. In this way, the Obama DOJ took over local police departments for (I believe) the express purpose to limit local law enforcement in pursuing criminal actions of minorities. And if you want me to back that up, I will. I hope you don’t need me to waste time. All I can point out to you is Eric Holder refusing to prosecute the New Black Panthers in Philadelphia for vote fraud and tampering because, he said:“I’m not gonna go after my people,” or some such thing, “not in this administration.” It was early on 2009. They did this in Baltimore. They did it in a number of places. But the point of this story is that Sessions is now reviewing all these consent decrees. And if they find these consent decrees from the Obama DOJ to local police departments are actually hamstringing local law enforcement from doing their jobs, they’re gonna change it. It’s just another bit of evidence that the Trump administration is draining the swamp.The Trump administration is doing what it swore it would do, doing what it promised it would do. It is continuing to unravel as much of the extraconstitutional, extrajudicial behavior of the Obama administration as it can.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH:  I also have no doubt that the Obama administration, these consent decrees taking over police departments, let’s look at how many of them are in sanctuary cities, and I’ll bet we might be surprised.








Apr 4, 2017RUSH: Kate in Carson City, Nebraska. Great to have you on the program. Is that right, Nebraska?CALLER: No, Carson City, Nevada.RUSH: Yeah, I thought it was Nevada.CALLER: I actually came from Fairfield (unintelligible) now it’s Carson City.RUSH: I didn’t think there was a Carson City in Nebraska. Carson City is where the Cartwright clan was in Bonanza.CALLER: Yeah. (chuckling) Not to my knowledge. Not in Nebraska. Hey, Rush. You pretty much stole my thunder. But I’ve been a student of yours for 31 years, and as soon as I heard Evelyn Farkas say, basically, “Don’t worry. Even if he is elected, he’ll be impeached or someone else will have to take over the government” (and who the hell knows what that means) I thought to myself, “Well, now, how is she so confident of that?” And then I thought, “Well, she’s so confident of that because she knows all of the intelligence gathering that’s happening on the Trump administration. She knows what the plan is. She knows they’re gonna push this Russian involvement in our election and she believes that they’re gonna get away with it and that they’re gonna be able to accuse the Trump team of some kind of collusion and they’re gonna be able to take him out. She knew all this in October, 2016.RUSH: Sure as hell sounded like that to me. Now, also, let me add this. In October, before the election… I went and looked this up. I wanted to make sure. You know, I have a very fertile and fine memory. But even I need to back-check myself at times, and I found I’m right about this. October is when the New York Times first published its claim that there was longtime contacts, collusion, between Trump aides and the Russians. That was also the time that Hillary and Harry Reid both said there was evidence of collusion. So Farkas had to be tied into all that. Remember, she was working for Hillary at the time! Hillary had left the Obama administration Pentagon; she was working on the Hillary campaign. So your instincts are even more confirmed with this, in terms of what she would know.CALLER: Well, and they said it to the New York Times. I mean, the whole thing has been — and they have such chutzpah to think that they could get away with this. But the reason they thought they could get away with it, Rush, was because they forgot they were dealing with Donald J. Trump. They weren’t dealing with any regular politician, and they weren’t dealing with a Republican who was gonna fold, who was gonna run away, who was gonna go find his own safe space and let them win. They’re dealing with a street fighter who’s not gonna let them win.RUSH: Right. Hang on just a second. That inspires a question. Do you believe that the New York Times and the Democrat-media complex back in October and November when they start this campaign…? Do you think that they all thought they would have gotten rid of Trump by now?CALLER: I think they thought they’d get rid of him by probably, I want to say, this summer. Summer of 2017, they figure he’s gone.RUSH: So you don’t think they’re surprised yet that he’s still hanging on?CALLER: No, not yet. Not yet. But they’re surprised that it’s not going as well as they thought it would go.RUSH: And so what does Evelyn Farkas mean when she says “pretty quickly”? When she says, “If Donald Trump is elected, I believe he’d be impeached pretty quickly or somebody else would have to take over government.”CALLER: Right. She’s talking maybe six months, and six months would be summer of 2017.RUSH: Do you know this ’cause that’s a woman thing in terms of being able to estimate time?CALLER: Pretty soon? Hmmm.RUSH: “Pretty quickly,” yeah.CALLER: Yeah, “pretty quickly.” Yeah, well, when I say, “Pretty quickly I’m gonna buy new furniture,” that’s a couple days, but that’s a different thing. I think “pretty quickly” was her way of hedging it because they weren’t sure exactly what was going to happen.RUSH: Okay. Let me ask you this, since you have a shrewd mind. Do you think that the Democrat-media complex is feeling alarmed that maybe this campaign to get rid of Trump isn’t working as well as they had planned?CALLER: They’re very alarmed and they’re very surprised. But, again, it’s all because they’re dealing with Trump.RUSH: Well, how does that square with the fact that…?CALLER: They’ve been at this since 2016 and they haven’t been able to take him out.RUSH: How does that square with the fact that they gave themselves until midsummer to get rid of him?CALLER: (chuckles) Well, because they thought they could get rid of him the way they’d get rid of any other regular Republican politician.RUSH: Well, wait a minute. The way they do that is to mostly force them to resign.CALLER: Right.RUSH: Trump’s not gonna quit.CALLER: Nope.RUSH: You think that’s what they were angling for, Trump to resign? In what? Disgrace, out of guilt?CALLER: Probably out of frustration. Probably out of frustration.RUSH: You think they really thought they could do that? See, I wouldn’t necessarily disagree with you. I think all these… They’ve got this pipe dream that Trump’s gonna go. They’re not —CALLER: Yup.RUSH: I mean, if they’re not… (sigh) I don’t think they know how. It’s just a belief they have, almost like a religious-faith belief that Trump can’t last, that Trump’s gonna go.CALLER: Yes.RUSH: Interesting. Well, look, I’m glad you called, Kate. Thanks much.CALLER: Thank you.RUSH: The Evelyn Farkas… This woman’s a gold mine. I mean, this woman is divulging… Every time she opens her mouth, she’s giving the game away. “Well, don’t worry about it, you people here at the Warsaw Defense Council. Even if this guy does win…” So that means they’re open to the possibility he can win, which I think is true. I think all this stuff that he didn’t have a chance and that Hillary was gonna win in a landslide? I think they were going through mixed emotions.Their intellect, their head and their polling data was telling them that it’s just gonna be a slam dunk. But their hearts were looking at all the Trump rally crowds and the fact that Hillary couldn’t duplicate any of that, and Hillary stumbles and nearly slips to the curb trying to get in a giant Mercedes van. All these things that gave them pause and doubt. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign? She wasn’t going to states they thought were a lock. So they were conflicted. But at the end of it all, even on election night, I think they still believe they’re gonna win in a landslide.But Evelyn Farkas is admitting that there was some doubt about it and that they were already planning for the eventuality that Trump won. I don’t think… Folks, none of this is a revealing shock per se. We’ve witnessed it. We have watched it take place. It’s just that they’re confirming it for us. The Susan Rice news. The Evelyn Farkas divulgences. I mean, we are having all of this stuff confirmed for us every day by the media and the Democrat Party’s behavior in and of itself.Mark in Fort Worth, Texas, you’re next, and it’s great to have you. How are you?CALLER: I’m great, Rush. Dittos from the great state. Playing off something that you mentioned in the first hour when you said that the New York Times has had this story for at least the last 48 hours if not longer. It tells me something that I think is really important, and that’s something that’s not going on. If they’ve had this news for that long and there’s still no coordinated response, no coordinated talking points, no narrative that’s been constructed to rebuff all of this? That means they know it’s true and they really don’t have any way to argue back against it. One of the reasons that they love being so intertwined between the party and the media is everybody gets a heads up so that everybody can create the narrative so they’ve got a unified response.RUSH: You know, this is an interesting observation. There is no media chorus. In other words, nobody, there is no phrase —CALLER: There’s not a narrative.RUSH: Right.CALLER: There’s not a narrative.RUSH: There’s not a narrative. There’s not a phrase. There’s not a word that everybody in the media’s using to describe this as there is for everything, “Oh, that looks bad. Oh, Cheney has gravitas.” These media montages we put together that display the coordination, there is no coordination here on the, quote, unquote, defense of Susan Rice. About all we’re getting is from CNN, “Don’t even watch it! Don’t even pay attention to it! It’s a distraction! Trump colluded with the Russians, and this is a distraction. We’re not even gonna report it.” They’re not seeking to defend her.CALLER: Exactly.RUSH: That’s your point.CALLER: Exactly.RUSH: Yeah. Yeah. Great call.CALLER: And that’s also one of the reasons that Nunes went straight to the White House instead of sharing that information with Pencil Neck. Because if he shares that information with Pencil Neck, they’ve got the information they need to create a narrative and to respond to it.RUSH: Yeah.CALLER: So he goes straight to the White House.RUSH: But Pencil Neck saw it Friday. Pencil Neck went up there and saw it. In the middle of last week, Pencil Neck finally couldn’t contain himself, is out there claiming that there is proof of a collusion between the Russians and Trump. He couldn’t help himself. Then he went up and saw it on Friday, what Nunes saw, goes on the Sunday shows and has to walk it back, saying (paraphrasing), “We still don’t have any definitive evidence or proof. We need to keep investigating.”They have nothing, because there isn’t anything. How long has this been going on? This has been going on at least a year, according to the news on Susan Rice, that the surveillance of people by the Regime hoping to Hoover up Trump officials in that intelligence, that’s a yearlong operation. And the best they’ve got is a phony dossier claiming that Trump hired a bunch of prostitutes to urinate on Michelle and Barack’s bed at a Moscow hotel. That’s it! And that thing’s made up.You would think after a year, if they had collusion evidence, that we would know about it. They would not have been able to withhold it and contain themselves. There isn’t any evidence. That’s why this is all getting out of hand, folks. I know, I know, every time I embark on the discussion of a theory of how anything like this is gonna come back and bite the media, I hear from you. I hear from you. You send me email, “You’re forgetting what you tell us! You always tell us they always win. You always tell us it’s never gonna change. And then here you are thinking that they’re damaging themselves.”And I do, folks. I do think they’re damaging themselves. CNN doesn’t have any audience, for example. But I think in the long-term big scheme of things they are damaging themselves. How that’s gonna end up manifesting itself, I can’t begin to tell you. But these are little things that collectively add up, such as something I mentioned previously. Every year until the last two years the Democrats loved the Russians, and they loved the Soviet Union, and they loved the KGB, and they loved the instruments of authoritarian power wherever they found it around the world.Now they hate the Russians. I don’t believe that. I don’t believe they’ve actually turned into us on the Russians. Do you? We’re supposed to sit here and believe that they have become anti-communist, anti-authoritarian, anti-Russian, after decades and decades of being pro all of that? When Julian Assange first surfaced and began leaking the Edward Snowden stuff, they loved Assange and they loved Snowden because he was betraying authoritarian governments, although there was Obama. Now they’re embracing all these people that they used to despise and dislike.This whole story is causing them to do 180-degree shifts of loyalty. And that’s what I mean by discombobulated, because the sole focus they have been consumed with — they’re a big hate group now, and they’ve been consumed with their hatred for Trump, consumed with their hatred for the American people who voted for Trump, consumed with their hatred for open elections, consumed by their hatred of the fact they can’t get rid of Trump.Folks, the only thing I’m telling you is, in terms of humanity, that you do not build good, positive, growing movements from a foundation or platform of hate. And they are consumed by it now. They are ravaged by it, and they have become completely irrational to the point of even openly acknowledging the abandonment of the sacred principles of journalism in order to stop Donald Trump.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: All right. Here is Al in Orleans, Massachusetts. Welcome to the EIB Network. Hi.CALLER: Thank you for taking my call, Rush. I have a theory. It’s a little bit different, which is that this is ordered from the president of the United States based on a personal vendetta for the birther conspiracy, and it goes like this. Mr. Obama, President Obama did not think that Trump was going to win, so they wanted to find evidence of corruption in his business practices or anywhere so they could have a show trial after the election when Hillary wins to make sure that nobody ever challenges the deep state establishment ever again like Trump did and make an example out of him. And that they had no concept of him winning and Rice was preparing transcripts of the phone calls and everything for presentations to the president and his staff.RUSH: Wow. Show trial of Trump after he loses to dissuade any upstart outsider from even thinking about trying it again. And that Susan Rice was preparing the transcript — (laughing) Well, there’s no way of knowing that. I can see if you have a certain impression of Obama that such a thing would happen. I have a different theory about one aspect of what you said. I’ve been going back and forth on what I really think about what they really thought, the days leading up to the election and election night.Now, I know I have said that even as late as nine p.m. on election night, they still thought they were gonna win in a landslide. I think that that’s true of media people. They were doing the polls. The Clinton campaign was feeding them the drivel that all was looking good. But I think if you look closely, that you could find evidence that they, the Clinton campaign, knew she was gonna lose. I think Evelyn Farkas has given it away here with that bite we just found from last October.Why even be contemplating about getting rid of Trump? If you really think you’re gonna win here in a landslide, what in the world are you even thinking about getting rid of Trump for, after he’s elected? Didn’t they cancel celebratory fireworks or something? The fireworks on election night, they cancelled that two days before the election. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think the Hillary camp knew. So a lot of this outrage has had to be manufactured to make it look like they thought they were a slam dunk and had it stolen from them.








Apr 4, 2017RUSH: Let’s do some audio. Let’s not get too far behind here in the story so I don’t have to double back too much. Where we’ve left off here is that Susan Rice — by the way, CNN is now saying that she’s denying having done any of this. And that is the general accepted way. You’re caught cheating, you’re caught breaking the law, just deny it, and that’s what Susan Rice is now doing. Denying that she unmasked, denying any of this is true. CNN remains dedicated to protecting her and the Obama administration on this in an unseemly, unsightly display.Whatever CNN is, I mean, it’s a laugh that they even describe themselves as journalists or being involved in news. That’s not what they are. Now, they can be whatever they want to be. They can do whatever they want to do. It’s the misrepresentation of who they are to everybody else that is giving them problems. There’s so many people on the left and in the Democrat Party that are descending so deeply into this that they’re gonna reach an abyss where returning from it is gonna be a problem. These agencies, these news organizations need more than just the low-information and lunatic Democrat base in order to survive.So Joe diGenova has confirmed that Susan Rice ordered spreadsheets of Trump campaign calls, unmasked Trump individuals in those calls. And again, folks, it’s very important to remember, the White House does not investigate. They don’t do investigations. They order them. You know, Trump orders an investigation into this or Obama orders an investigation, but investigating collusion between, say, a presidential campaign and a foreign government, the White House doesn’t investigate that. The FBI does, the CIA does, the NSA.The White House can order it. The White House is not officially charged with investigating anything. Yet Susan Rice is doing just that. She cannot even legally request the unmasking. She has to ask the investigating agencies to do that. She can’t do it herself. She can’t order it done, to be more precise. She can ask for it be done, but she can’t command that it be done. So if any unmasking is relevant to, say, this investigation of collusion between Trump and Russia, then it would have to be done by either the FBI, the CIA, or the NSA.And if it had been critical to know the identities of Americans caught up in foreign surveillance efforts, then the agencies that collect the information and do the investigations would have unmasked it because they are the agencies who collect and refine intelligence products for the rest of the intelligence community. In other words, as Comey pointed out, Susan Rice, Obama, the White House, they’re consumers of the work the intelligence agency does.The intelligence agencies and the FBI conduct the investigations, they do the analysis, they assemble reports, they submit this. The president’s daily brief is an example, any number of other examples, and then the executive branch and anybody authorized to see it are then the consumers.The data is the product. The rest of the intelligence community then sees it, and they are responsible for any unmasking. They do it under minimization standards that James Comey described as obsessive in their determination to protect the identities and privacy of Americans. And that’s what this is really about in one sense. Susan Rice cannot just randomly ask and demand that anybody she wants to know about be unmasked. The intelligence agencies, the investigatory agencies do that, and they must, as Comey admitted in testimony, they are very obsessive about this. Because they are focused on protecting the identity and privacy of Americans who were not being surveilled and who are not guilty of everything.So the bottom line is this: There would have been no intelligence need for Susan Rice to ask for identities to be unmasked. The important thing here is the investigation does not require Susan Rice needing people unmasked. If there had been a real need to reveal the identities of Americans caught up incidentally in this surveillance, the unmasking would have been done by the FBI, the CIA, or the NSA. But there is no intelligence need for Susan Rice to ask.And the point that I’m making is since she did it, there’s no official intelligence or, therefore, understandable or legal need. She was engaging in the politics of all this by requesting those names. By requesting those names and obtaining those names, she has them now as a political operator and is — well, I don’t know if you could say free to disseminate, but clearly that’s what she wanted to be able to do. She’s the national security adviser. She’s not an investigator. She’s a staffer in the White House and as such, she is a consumer of intelligence. She does not generate it. She does not collect it.If she was unmasking Americans it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests. It was to fulfill a political desire based on Democrat Party interests. And that’s why the media’s trying to cover this up, because those objectives are theirs as well. In other words, there was no intelligence need for Susan Rice to know these names to further the understanding and knowledge of whatever is being investigated.She was not needed; she was not necessary for it; she’s not required; she’s a consumer, not a generator. If she wanted Americans unmasked, it was because of a political desire based on Democrat Party interests.To the audio sound bites we go. We’re gonna start here with Susan Rice back on NewsHour on PBS. This is March 22nd with Judy Woodruff, who ask her the following question: “House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said today that Trump transition officials, including the president, may have been swept up in surveillance of foreigners at the end of the Obama administration. What do you know about that?”RICE: I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. Let’s back up and recall where we have been. The president of the United States accused his predecessor, President Obama, of wiretapping Trump Tower during the campaign. Nothing of the sort occurred, and we’ve heard that confirmed by the director of the FBI who also pointed out that no president, no White House can order the surveillance of another American citizen. That can only come from the Justice Department with the approval of a FISA court. So today, I really don’t know to what Chairman Nunes was referring.RUSH: Well, but she did. She most certainly did. “I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today.” She’s surprised that she’s been caught. She’s surprised that she’s been found out. You wait. It isn’t gonna be long before all of a sudden somebody did a video that’s causing this to happen. That excuse worked for them once before.Same show, PBS NewsHour March 22nd. Next question from Judy Woodruff: “As you also know, in the last few weeks the New York Times has reported that in the final days of the Obama administration, individuals went out of their way to spread information throughout the government about what they knew about intelligence that the Russians had interfered in the election last year, and that there may have been a connection with Trump campaign officials. So, that story has now been out there for several weeks. Could there be a connection here?”RICE: I’m not aware of any connection. I must say, Judy, as one of the most senior White House officials and the most senior responsible for national security, I found that report a bit perplexing. I was not aware of any orders given to disseminate that kind of information. So I have no idea whether that was the case. But the fact is that the president did request back in December that the intelligence community compile all of the information that it had on what had transpired during the campaign with respect to the Russians.WOODRUFF: And was there a concern, though, inside the Obama administration, inside the White House, that the new Trump administration might not follow up on that intelligence that had been gathered?RICE: I don’t think that was the concern.RUSH: I don’t think that was the concern. Well, that’s not what Evelyn Farkas said. I mean, this thing is so jam-packed. “I have no idea whether that was the case. But the fact is that the president did request back in December that the intelligence community compile all of the information that it had.”Not only that, the Obama administration ordered that it be shared with 16 additional intelligence agencies to make sure somebody would leak it. They were leaving nothing to chance. Judy Woodruff says, “Well, was there concern that the Trump administration, if they got hold of the information that was learned, would bury it, would hide it, would destroy it?” (imitating Rice) “I don’t think that was the concern.” Really? Let’s go back and revisit Evelyn Farkas on MSNBC on March the 2nd. Remember what she said about all of this intelligence.FARKAS: I was urging my former colleagues and, frankly speaking, the people on the Hill. It was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people: “Get as much information as you can. Get as much intelligence as you can before President Obama leaves the administration.” Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left.So it would be hidden away in the bureaucracy that the Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about the Trump staff dealing with Russians, that they would try to compromise those the sources and methods. Meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence.So I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open, and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia. So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking.RUSH: Yeah. So here’s Farkas. She comes along and admits that all of this was going on, that the intelligence was being gathered, that it was being protected, that it was being procured, that it was being disseminated, that it was being gathered and organized and all that. And she admits they were afraid that it would get buried with the new regime. That’s why there was the leaking! Susan Rice says (singing), “My mind is Jell-O, Jell-O, Jell-O.”She’s doing her own version of Pretty in Pink today with Andrea Mitchell, NBC News, Washington. She sat for an interview with Andrea Mitchell on PMSNBC. (sputtering) “I — I don’t know! I — I — I didn’t do it! I don’t know about it. I don’t know what this is about.” Well, old Evelyn Farkas has spilled the beans of what all it was about. Let’s replay this, ’cause this is Evelyn Farkas back in October, two weeks before the election, she’s in Warsaw, Poland, at the Warsaw Security Forum.FARKAS: Even if we have the wrong result from my perspective, America is resilient. We have a lot of presidential historians who have put forward very coherently their argument. They’ve given us examples of all of our horrible presidents (snickers) in the past and the fact that we’ve endured, and we do have a strong system of checks and balances — and actually, if Donald Trump were elected, I believe he’d be impeached pretty quickly or somebody else would have to take over government. And I’m not even joking.RUSH: Two weeks before the election. What is she thinking about here? What’s she’s talking about? What…? It’s clear that… I mean, this is somebody in the Obama administration over at the Pentagon. She’s assistant secretary of defense for some such thing. And two weeks before the election, she’s acknowledging Trump could win. And they’re comforting themselves by telling themselves how many previously rotten presidents we’ve survived. And Trump’s just gonna be another. But! But! “But,” she says, “if Donald Trump were elected, I believe would be impeached pretty quickly or somebody else would have to take over government.”Well, how would that happen? How does somebody just “take over government”? You know, I said yesterday — and I really believe this — I think this collection of lunatics comprised of the Democrat-media complex and their insane base voters and donors, are harboring a generic belief that Trump is going to go. That this is temporary. That this is not even real. It’s of nightmare status and eventually Trump’s gonna go. It’s just gonna happen. They can’t tell you how. They can’t tell you when. They just know in their hearts (sobbing), “Gosh, this can’t be. This can’t go on! This can’t remain. This can’t…”They know he’s gonna go. Just like when you’re waiting on news that could go either way and you have no indication. You try to be positive. You try to tell yourself it’s gonna be okay. You don’t have any basis for it. You’re just trying to cop an attitude, be optimistic, hoping you’re influencing things, not jinxing things. This is what these people are doing. “I know he’s gonna go! I know we’re gonna get rid of him. “He’s gonna be impeached or…”What did she say? “[S]omebody else would have to take over government, and I’m not even joking.” How would that happen? If she’s ruling out impeachment, how would that happen? So clearly, they’re all thinking about this, before the election. They knew their candidate was a dryball. They knew their candidate was a deadbeat. They knew Trump was exciting people out there, and they knew Hillary was boring people.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: I just caught a little bit of what Susan Rice said to Andrea Mitchell, NBC News, Washington, and she said that “unmasking is not the same as leaking.” But Andrea Mitchell didn’t ask her that. Nobody’s asked her that! “Well, you know, unmasking is not the same thing as leaking.” Wait a minute. Why are you even talking about leaking? The news is that you unmasked these people! “Well, that’s not the same as leaking.” Well, what…? You mean somebody’s leaking and you didn’t? This is really, really odd, ladies and gentlemen.I mean, it indicates, I think… You know, they get together. She’s obviously huddled with people before this appearance with Andrea Mitchell, and obviously it’s the leaking that bothers them because that’s what she denies when that wasn’t part of anybody’s question. Also about Evelyn Farkas back in October, two weeks before the election… We’ve played the sound bite twice. Evelyn Farkas is not being speculative here. She’s being very declarative. She` seems very certain about Trump being removed from office.Again, she said, “If Donald Trump were elected, I believe he’d be impeached pretty quickly or somebody else would have to take over government, and I’m not even joking.” Two weeks before the election, Evelyn Farkas is trying to reassure people, “Don’t worry! Even if the guy gets elected, I don’t think he’s gonna be president long.” That means, to me, says that she’s privy to a plan. What could she be talking about here? It’s almost like she knows that there’s information out there that would destroy Trump.Like the intel — quote, unquote — about Russian collusion or maybe this phony dossier. And Susan Rice? Why was she making spreadsheets out of the unmasked names if she wasn’t preparing it to be leaked? I mean, what was the…? I mean, these people are about to leave office when all this is happening. I think that’s the key. You combine Rice with Evelyn Farkas. Evelyn Farkas is very, very concerned that all this intel is not gonna be properly preserved, the intel on collusion between Trump and the Russians, for which there isn’t any evidence.Folks, to this day there isn’t any evidence of that collusion. There isn’t any evidence the Russians tampered with the election. The only evidence we have of tampering with the election is the United States government tampering with it, when you get right down to it. Not the Russians. There’s no evidence of anything. But here’s Evelyn Farkas talking about (paraphrased), “Oh, yeah, we had to preserve that stuff because who knows what the Trump people would do with it. They might sit on it. They might be bigger it. But…” That’s why you have the leaking! She knew a lot back in October. They all did. Don’t doubt me.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH:  Now, look, I said I was gonna move on, and I’m gonna move on.  But some things have happened here during the break that I have to weigh in on.  Number one, Snerdley, the Official Program Observer, made an observation to me. He said, “You know what?  If I don’t listen to your show, and I don’t know any of this backstory, I look at Susan Rice on MSNBC and I believe her.  I believe her!  She seems like she’s telling the truth.”  Yeah.  I can see that, I guess.I want to go back to this Rice denial.  She did not deny… When she’s talking to Andrea Mitchell, NBC News, Washington, she did not deny requesting the unmasking of these Trump people.  And she used the term “U.S. officials” instead of “Americans.”  Now, I don’t think that’s… I don’t think… I think there may be… “U.S. officials” is different than “Americans.”  In her world, “U.S. officials” means something.  (impression) “Why, we wanted to find out what U.S. officials were being surveilled.”But essentially, she denied requesting the unmasking, and she said it was just routine.  She said she didn’t leak any of it.  But then we have Judy Woodruff, and we just played the sound bite. She said she didn’t know even about the unmasking.  So, Mr. Snerdley, I don’t care how believable she looks. She isn’t.  This is a woman that lied five different times on five different Sunday shows about Benghazi, claiming it was this video guy that caused the riots there that led to the deaths at Benghazi.  She knowingly lied. They chose her probably because she is believable when she lies, second only to Clinton and Obama themselves.So you have her on (I think it was March 22nd) with Judy Woodruff on PBS denying any knowledge of this.  Now she contradicts that but wants to focus on the leaking, that she didn’t do any of the leaking of this information.  Well, I don’t… So what? She may not be the one to do the leaking in the first place.  She may have provided the information to others in the Obama intel… Look, this is a swamp, folks.  The Obama administration is a swamp.  And you’ve got all kinds of reptilian types in there. They’re swimming around in there, slithering around in there.She wouldn’t necessarily be the one to leak it. (stammering) “I — I — I — I — I didn’t leak anything.”  So now CNN’s focus… (laughing) CNN’s got a story that the White House is trying to conflate unmasking and leaking.  So now there’s some coordination going on because Rice says, “I — I — I — I — I didn’t know anything about the unmasking back on March 22nd.”  Today she admits it but says, “No big deal! I didn’t leak it.”  Now Pencil Neck is out there saying that the White House is trying to say that unmasking and leaking are the same thing, and the White House is not saying that.The White House isn’t saying much of anything about this.  This is the vaunted right-wing media complex that’s making a big deal out of this because the mainstream media won’t.  We’re not conflating leaking with unmasking.  We know the leaking happened.  The unmasking was probably done to provide the leakers with the names they could provide to the media.  I have no doubt the Obama administration’s involved in this.








Apr 4, 2017RUSH: Look, let’s JIP this.CROWD: (applause)RUSH: Trump is addressing a group of people in Washington, and I’ll tell you who after a little bit of it. Just want you to get a flavor for this.CROWD: (applause)THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.RUSH: They love him in this group.CROWD: (applause)RUSH: That’s all I’ll tell you.THE PRESIDENT: Thank you.CROWD: (applause)RUSH: I’ll tell you who it is in a minute.THE PRESIDENT: Washington and Wall Street have done very, very well for themselves. Now it’s your turn, and you’re gonna be also sharing the wealth.CROWD: (applause)RUSH: He’s talking to union guys, folks!THE PRESIDENT: And, you know, for many years we’ve been taken advantage of by other countries. All over the world, they took advantage of us. We had leaders that didn’t have a clue or worse. That’s not gonna happen anymore, folks. It’s not gonna happen anymore. And you see what’s going on right now. In fact, the trade deficit went way down. Just announced before I got on stage. And I will tell you, we’re gonna have a whole different set of values when it comes to representing our country.CROWD: (applause)RUSH: That I can tell you right now.RUSH: North America’s Building Trades Unions conference.THE PRESIDENT: This election was all about returning power to the people. I’ve spent my life working side by side with American builders, and now you have a builder as your president.CROWD: (whistles and applause)THE PRESIDENT: One of my first acts as president was to stop one of the great sellouts of the American worker. I immediately withdrew the United States from the disaster… This would have been a disaster.RUSH: TPP.THE PRESIDENT: This would have been another NAFTA — which, by the way, is a disaster. I took you out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership.CROWD: (applause)RUSH: Okay. That’s enough. I just wanted to give you a flavor. He’s being overwhelming standing ovation’d. He is being applauded left and right. He spoke with CEOs this morning. He had a giant chart that is too big to describe listing all the regulations that the CEOs and others have to navigate in order just to build anything. Today, he’s meeting with the building and trades unions. When he began this, he started with every job there is. The bricklayers, and they cheered. Then the plasterers, and they cheered. And the drywallers, and they cheered.He went through every job there is, because he hires them. He knows who you are. He said, “You’re the builders! You’re the greatest builders, and you can build anything. With the talent in this room, we can build anything again in this country,” and they’re standing up and they’re going nuts. This is a Republican president addressing trades union rank-and-file and leadership. And he’s being warmly, warmly received. This is something that we haven’t seen in quite a long time, and this is another constituency of the Democrat Party that he’s taking direct aim at here.One observation here about President Trump — and I know a lot of you think about this a lot. A lot of you when you watch the serious effort to destroy not only the man and his life, but his presidency — you watch it, you see it every day — you get angry. But it’s very difficult to imagine it happening to you. Most people do not think that they are prominent enough to be the target of this kind of total destruction campaign. But when you try to put yourself in that situation and you try to imagine what it’s like, it’s very, very difficult.I don’t know… You in this audience may have a good bead on this. I don’t know how many people realize just how difficult this is to have the entire apparatus of the moneyed establishment arrayed against you, trying to destroy you, trying to destroy your family, trying to destroy your life, trying to end and ruin your reputation, trying to destroy your presidency, trying to do everything they can to literally ruin you. You put yourself in that situation; you ask yourself, “How would I hold up? How would I bear up under this? Could I do it?”I just have to tell you… We made mention of this yesterday. While all of this is going on, Trump, when you get down to nitty-gritty, is undaunted. He is doing what he said he was going to do during the campaign. He is dismantling as much of what Obama put in place as he can. He is ripping apart so much of what was destructive about the Obama administration. He is committing and following through on every promise that he made. Now, this is not a… I’m not trying to hype Trump or sell you on Trump.I’m just observing what I see here, that this effort to distract him, to sidetrack him, to ruin his mad, to turn him into a sourpuss, to turn him into somebody constantly whining and moaning, it isn’t working. He is continuing. He’s focused on what he said he was going to do that, in his mind, constitutes making America great again. I think it’s a monumental feat here, and I think it requires a certain personality type. I really do. I don’t think there are very many people that could bear up under this.As evidence, look how easy it’s been for this Washington media-Democrat complex to paralyze most every Republican in town, and not just this year. Any number of years. You go back in the past; it’s been easy for them to paralyze Republican opposition, to stop it dead in its tracks. It’s not working on Donald Trump. Despite their best efforts to make it look like it is working, it isn’t. He is continuing to fulfill his promises. He’s continuing to unravel elements of the Obama administration that he can touch by virtue of executive order and this kind of thing.I don’t think this characteristic is played up enough, this human characteristic, this ability to bear up under an assault like this that very few people endure. A lot of people in politics do, but compared to the entire population of the country, there aren’t a lot of people who can totally relate and understand what something like this is like. And, therefore, they may not be able to fully appreciate the yeoman effort to stay focused and remain undaunted and not be sidetracked by this. It’s an amazing thing, and I’m certain it requires a certain kind of ego, a certain series of character traits in order to be able to do this.They say Trump’s an egomaniac, and they say that he makes everything about him and he’s totally self-conscious. I wonder about that. I know he’s got a healthy ego. But the main pitfall that most people face is being totally defined by what other people think of them. And that is rooted in self-consciousness, thinking about yourself all the time and wondering what other people think of you and wondering what other people are saying about you. Apparently, Trump’s unaffected. He may be disappointed. He may not have expected it would be this bad. But it doesn’t matter. He’s forging ahead.It doesn’t appear that this is affecting him psychologically at all, and I just think that’s overwhelming. I think it’s amazing to watch. I’ll give you something else that Trump is doing here. This is in the Wall Street Journal today. You know all these travel bans that these little judges have shut down and the left thinks that they have won and they’ve stopped Trump’s efforts to keep bad actors out of the country. Look at what Trump’s doing on building the wall, forging ahead on enforcing the law in sanctuary cities. And here in the Wall Street Journal — and I don’t know how you’re gonna feel about this, but Trump is not being deterred.He’s not stopping.Headline: “Visitors to the U.S. May Have to Hand over Their Phones and Facebook Passwords Before They Get a Visa — The Trump administration mulls ‘extreme vetting.'” Well, one of the ways he wanted to extreme vet was to deny entry to the country for people from certain the countries that might be tending to commit acts of terrorism, who might be susceptible to being turned and radicalized once they’re here. The court shut that down, said, “You can’t do that, Mr. President! You can’t do that.”So now Trump: “Foreigners entering U.S. could be forced to hand over phones, answer questions on ideology; changes could apply to allies like France and Germany.” Now, the media, they’re gonna come across this at some point. Right now, they’re all focused on trying to convince you the Susan Rice story is nothing, that you should ignore it; it’s just a distraction. They’re trying to convince you that Russia and Trump colluded, and they’re gonna get on to this story in the Journal at some point, and they’re gonna livid! They’re gonna outraged!“How dare he do this!”This is the kind of thing they think they’re succeeding in stopping Trump from doing. This is nothing more than a fulfillment of a campaign pledge to make the country safer, to keep bad actors out of the country, and if they stop him one way over here, he’ll find another way to do it over there. “Trump Mulls ‘Extreme Vetting’ — Foreigners who want to visit the U.S. even for a short trip could be forced to disclose contacts on their mobile phones, social media, passports and financial records and to answer probing questions about their ideology, according to Trump administration officials conducting a review of vetting procedures.”As I say, you know, give the Drive-Bys anywhere from an hour to a day to learn about this and catch up on this, and you haven’t seen anything. You think they were outraged over the travel ban? Wait ’til you see ’em blow up over this. They’re gonna have to let go of the Susan Rice story before they can recognize this.








WordPress.com is an easy, hassel-free way to set up a website or a blog for free. Millions of users on WordPress.com are also using Eventbrite, so we've teamed up with WordPress.com to create an integration that makes your life easier, by making it dead simple to keep your event information synced to your WordPress.com site.Update: May 12, 2015!You can now integrate your Eventbrite Events into any theme on WordPress.com.  You can add a list of your events, include a registration widget and have it applied to any page in your site.  There are two Eventbrite themes that you can apply to your WordPress.com site. A theme for event organizers with one event and a theme for event organizers with multiple events. In addition to the two custom themes, we've also built a widget that any WordPress.com user can add to their site to pull in a list of their upcoming events.The Eventbrite integration for WordPress comes in 3 different forms. You can use one of two themes (the multi-event theme or the single-event theme) or the widget. The widget can be used with any other theme.








On Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a different color onto the historic walls as a symbol. Though President Donald Trump has been a vocal supporter of law enforcement, he didn’t go “blue” in honor police. Instead, he was honoring World Autism Awareness Day.“I call upon all Americans to learn more about the signs of autism to improve early diagnosis, understand the challenges faced by those with autism spectrum disorders, and to do what they can to support individuals with autism spectrum disorders and their families,” Trump said on Friday. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Trump was keeping a promise to the late wife of his friend Bob Wright. Wright is the former president and CEO of NBC. In 2005, he and his wife Suzanne co-founded the non-profit Autism Speaks. The pair were the grandparents of a child with autism and were passionate about raising funds for research and awareness. Suzanne Wright died in 2016. According to Spicer, Trump had promised her that he would illuminate the White House blue if he ever won the election.The “Light It Up Blue” began seven years ago, but this is the first time the White House has participated. NEWS / by American News -  14 hours agoThe O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers…NEWS / by American News -  14 hours agoDemocrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoFew members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoOnce again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoThroughout his presidency, Barack Obama allowed millions of able-bodied people to go on welfare and live off the hard-earned dollars of American taxpayers. Fortunately, President Donald Trump is determined to…








The O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers who have backed out includes: Mercedes-Benz, Hyundai, BMW of North America, Mitsubishi Motors, Lexus, Constant Contact, Bayer, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, Orkin, UNTUCKit, Allstate, Esurance, T. Rowe Price, Credit Karma, Wayfair—and the list goes on. The action comes after a report was released about five settlements with women who alleged sexual harassment or verbal abuse by O’Reilly. In a sudden sweep, the most popular show on cable news and its network, Fox News, could be facing serious financial damage.“We value our partners and are working with them to address their current concerns about the O’Reilly Factor,” Paul Rittenberg, the executive vice president of advertising sales at Fox News commented. The statement implies that the companies’ decisions haven’t hurt Fox’s bottom line yet. But the damage goes deeper than the dollar amount. On Tuesday, Hyundai said it is not advertising on “The O’Reilly Factor” because of the “recent and disturbing allegations.” The statement also noted that they will “continue to evaluation the situation” before moving forward with future advertising decisions.On Sunday, The New York Times reported that settlements totaling $13 million had been reached with five women who accused O’Reilly of inappropriate behavior. O’Reilly did not address the claims on his show Monday night. Over the weekend, 21st Century Fox said it “takes matters of workplace behavior very seriously” but stood by O’Reilly. Social media users have been pressuring companies to boycott the network and the show. Experts suspect more companies and brands will follow suit. “The O’Reilly Factor” generated $446 million in ad revenue between 2014 and 2016. At a press conference on Monday, attorney Linda Bloom, who represents one of the accusers, criticized with O’Reilly claim that he was a “target” of lawsuits—claiming he was “whining.” What do you think? NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoOn Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoDemocrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoFew members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoOnce again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoThroughout his presidency, Barack Obama allowed millions of able-bodied people to go on welfare and live off the hard-earned dollars of American taxpayers. Fortunately, President Donald Trump is determined to…








Democrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader from a wealthy district in northern California.  Pelosi represents everything that is wrong with the detached Democratic Party. That’s a problem that many suspect is own getting worse as she gets older. Recently, Pelosi was being interviewed by Anderson Cooper on CNN when he asked her, “Who is the leader of the Democratic Party?”  “Well, President Obama was the president of the United States until just a matter of weeks ago,” Pelosi responded. “I don’t think that he can be dismissed as the leader of the Democratic Party. Hillary Clinton did not win the election, but a respected leader.” Things only got more bizarre from there.“We have leaders for all different aspects of it,” she continued. “The Democratic Party is a congressional party, and we have members in Congress. It is a gubernatorial party.” “But on the state level,” Cooper said, giving Pelosi a chance to recoup. “It is a party which has suffered tremendous losses in the last couple of years under President Obama.”“It has, but we have a plan to address that,” Pelosi insisted. What do you think of Pelosi’s comments? NEWS / by American News -  14 hours agoOn Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoThe O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoFew members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoOnce again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoThroughout his presidency, Barack Obama allowed millions of able-bodied people to go on welfare and live off the hard-earned dollars of American taxpayers. Fortunately, President Donald Trump is determined to…








Few members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has made some outrageous comments about Trump. But she topped herself this week when she posted a bizarre message on her Twitter account.“Get ready for impeachment,” Waters tweeted randomly.This comes shortly after here “Meet @realDonaldTrump’s #KremLINKlan” tweet below. Meet @realDonaldTrump's #KremLINKlan: pic.twitter.com/UxzH4BSzp4— Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) March 16, 2017The message was so bizarre that people had a hard time analyzing it. Some wondered whether Waters was connecting Russia’s Kremlin to the “Ku Klux Klan.” Others were stuck on the fact that “LINK” was in all caps. But perhaps the most irrational part of all was the picture that accompanied the cryptic text.“I think in the final analysis they are going to have to move away from [President Trump],” Waters said recently in an interview on MSNBC. “And we will see that [President Trump] will be in a position where he will meet the criteria for high crimes and misdemeanors, and I maintain that’s where impeachment comes in.”What do you make of Waters’ behavior? Has she completely lost it?NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoOn Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoThe O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoDemocrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoOnce again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoThroughout his presidency, Barack Obama allowed millions of able-bodied people to go on welfare and live off the hard-earned dollars of American taxpayers. Fortunately, President Donald Trump is determined to…








Once again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For the first time in our history,” Moore wrote randomly on Twitter. But Moore didn’t stop there. He posted a photo explaining his absurd claim with the following: “For the first time in our history, the President of the United States and his staff are under investigation for espionage.” “This announcement, by the head of the Trump-friendly FBI, is a shock to our democracy,” Moore continued. “The Democratic leadership in the House and Senate needs to bring a halt to all business being done in the name of this potential felony suspect, Donald J. Trump.”“No bill he supports, no Supreme Court nominee he has named, can be decided while he is under a criminal investigation. His presidency has no legitimacy until the FBI—and an independent investigative committee—discovers the truth. Fellow citizens, demand the Democrats cease all business,” the liberal extremist continued. Mind you, he had no problem supporting Hillary in the presidential election. “The American people have a right to know if their President is a crook,” Michael Moore said, quoting Nixon. Fortunately, Moore’s claims went widely ignored.NEWS / by American News -  14 hours agoOn Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a…NEWS / by American News -  14 hours agoThe O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers…NEWS / by American News -  14 hours agoDemocrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader…NEWS / by American News -  14 hours agoFew members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoThroughout his presidency, Barack Obama allowed millions of able-bodied people to go on welfare and live off the hard-earned dollars of American taxpayers. Fortunately, President Donald Trump is determined to…








Throughout his presidency, Barack Obama allowed millions of able-bodied people to go on welfare and live off the hard-earned dollars of American taxpayers. Fortunately, President Donald Trump is determined to turn things around. With the help of Sen. Ted Cruz and Rep. Kevin Brady, President Trump has just signed legislation allowing states to drug test a larger portion of unemployment and welfare applicants.
“Under the previous administration, the Department of Labor undermined the ability of states to conduct drug testing in their programs as permitted by Congress,” Cruz wrote in an official statement. “This rule was yet another example of executive overreach by the Obama administration, and I commend President Trump for signing this resolution into law.” Brady also applauded the new measure.“After five years of battling with the Obama Department of Labor, states like Texas will now be allowed to drug test folks on unemployment to ensure they are job-ready from day one,” he wrote. “This is a win for families, workers, job creators, and local economies.”What do you think? Do you support President Trump and this bill? NEWS / by American News -  14 hours agoOn Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a…NEWS / by American News -  14 hours agoThe O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoDemocrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoFew members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoOnce again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For…








On Monday afternoon, a gunman opened fire in a Chili’s restaurant in Miami, Florida just before 3 PM. After the shooting, 31-year-old Arturo Exum turned himself into police and has since been charged with first-degree murder. The incident began when Chili’s employee Lester Reid got into an argument with a fellow worker who called her boyfriend Exum to complain. Shortly thereafter, Exum arrived at the scene and shot Reid, who was pronounced dead at a local hospital. At the time of the shooting, Exum was on probation for threatening to kill a former girlfriend. He allegedly tried to strangle her and threatened her with a gun.“We are shocked and deeply saddened by this tragic situation and the loss of one of our Team Members,” Chili’s said in a statement to reporters. “We are doing everything we can to fully cooperate with the police and fire and rescue teams who were so quick to respond.”NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoOn Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoThe O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoDemocrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoFew members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoOnce again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For…








On Monday, a deputy sheriff in Houston, Texas was shot and killed near a courthouse. His shooter still remains at large. Fox News reported that Assistant Chief Deputy Constable Clint Greenwood was shot in the neck at around 7 AM. He was able to radio for help saying, “I’m bleeding out,” and was taken to the hospital. “He succumbed to his injuries,” Baytown Police Lt. Steve Dorris told reporters. “He did not survive.” Greenwood was 30-year veteran on the force. No details about the shooter were provided to the press. At this time, authorities “don’t have any indication that tells [them] he’s going to go out and target anybody else.”“Whether or not he was specifically targeted, or whether this was because of the uniform he was wearing or the place he pulled up to in the morning—we just don’t know that right now,” Dorris said. Will you send your prayers to Greenwood’s family and friends? Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.comNEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoOn Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoThe O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoDemocrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoFew members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoOnce again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For…








According to reports, the people responsible for backing an initiative campaign to split California for two have just signed on political help to finalize the task.When President Trump first won the presidency, progressives wanted the entire state to leave the United States or ‘Cal-exit.’ This is not the first time an idea like this has been on the table. Plenty of ideas have been introduced to split California into two separate states. While the idea originated as “north vs. south” some GOP leaders see a more natural political divide throughout the state. There are a group of people in California desperate to break up with Hollywood, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. Political experts Nigel Farage and Arron Banks, also known as “the bad boys of Brexit”, have agreed to manage the initiative. “Seventy-eight percent of people in California are unhappy with their government,” Banks said of the measure. “It’s the world’s sixth-largest economy and it’s very badly run.” The goal of the efforts is to get the initiative qualified for the ballot in November 2018. According to The Times, backers of the split say ‘big money’ is already working to fuel the effort.“One dinner raised about $500,000 from several hundred guests,” The Times reports. “A similar sum was raised at a more select gathering for wealthy donors—many of whom were agriculture tycoons,  tech entrepreneurs, and lawyers disillusioned with the liberal Democrats who run the state.” The group has their work cut out for them—they’ll need 365,880 signatures to put the initiative on the ballot. “Their goal is to pit the rural east of California, which is more likely to vote Republican, against the ‘liberal coastal elites’ of the west coast including L.A. and San Francisco,” The Sun reports. The effort is a response to the fact that the Democrats hold majorities in both the Assembly and Senate in California, as well as both U.S. Senate seats and the majority of the congressional seats. “This could be the greatest political showdown ever,” Farage told reporters. NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoOn Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoThe O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoDemocrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoFew members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoOnce again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For…








Recently, First Lady Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner relocated their family to a high-end neighborhood not far from her father’s White House. They sacrificed their lavish lives in New York to be of service to President Trump and his efforts. Unfortunately, Trump’s entire family has been attacked by liberals who are still furious that he won the election.  After a group of disrespectful liberal protesters crossed the line, Ivanka’s 82-year-old neighbor stepped in to share a piece of his mind with them. The incident began when a group of liberal protesters camped in front of Ivanka’s house in Washington’s Kalorama neighborhood to throw a “Queer Dance Party for Climate Justice.” Finally, Ivanka’s neighbor left his house to confront reporter Ashley Rae Goldenberg, who he mistook for one of the protesters. “Invent something—do something!” he told her. A man who was with Ashley had the nerve to tell the elderly man that he ‘shouldn’t be so rude.’ “Rude?! Do you want to get your f***ing face hit? You wanna fight with an 82-year-old man?! Ge the f*** out of here.”Watch the incident below and tell us what you think. Do you applaud Ivanka’s neighbor for taking a stand? The neighbors around Ivanka Trump's house are upset. One of them started yelling at my friend who was just recording with me to leave. pic.twitter.com/w6s9yL6qfj— Ashley Rae (@Communism_Kills) April 2, 2017NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoOn Sunday, visitors passing by the White House say a dark blue tint covering the building. As has been done on other important days of the year, lights projected a…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoThe O’Reilly Factor is in serious trouble. More than 20 companies have pulled their commercials from the show amid a scandal involving the host, Bill O’Reilly. The list of advertisers…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoDemocrats could have listened to working class Americans and elected Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan as their House Minority Leader, but instead, they chose to stick with Nancy Pelosi—a delusional leader…NEWS / by American News -  15 hours agoFew members of Congress have come off as unhinged as Rep. Nancy Pelosi, but Congresswoman Maxine Waters is apparently up to the challenge. In the past few weeks, Waters has…NEWS / by American News -  17 hours agoOnce again, Michael Moore is attempting to profit off of the irrational fear that liberals are harboring of President Trump. “The Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. For…








The British Prime Minister arrived in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday to strengthen bilateral ties and increase trade with the largest Arab economy despite its ‘human rights abuses’ in Yemen.
Theresa May says it is in the national interest to have good relations with Saudi Arabia despite its controversial human rights record.The PM started her two day trip by meeting with Saudi Arabia’s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef to to discuss ways to strengthen bilateral relations and ensure strong ties with the kingdom as the UK prepares to leave the European Union.She is expected to meet King Salman on Wednesday.Press TV reports: London is seeking to become a leading partner of the monarchy in its Vision 2030 program, under which the Saudi leaders seek to reduce reliance on oil exports, hire more women and boost their culture.Reforming the Saudi war machine, helping the kingdom diversify its economy and reduce its reliance on oil are some of the areas May is expected to discuss with Salman.“These new partnerships, on defense and security, trade and the economy, education, healthcare, culture and sport, evidence the breadth and depth of the UK’s relationship with Saudi Arabia,” said May.The prime minister also expressed her government’s full support for the Vision 2030, calling it “ambitious.”Both the UK and Saudi Arabia have supported extremist militant groups that have been waging an wars against the governments of Iraq and Syria over the past few years.Britain has been one of the biggest suppliers of weapons to Riyadh for 40 years, providing the Saudi rulers with advanced weapons throughout the kingdom’s ruthless war on Yemen, which has left thousands of women and children dead.The UK exported more than £6.5 billion in goods and services to Saudi Arabia in 2015, making it Britain’s largest trading partner in the Middle East.Before heading to Saudi Arabia, May sought similar objectives in Jordan. She discussed terrorism and expansion of mutual ties with the country with the kingdom’s monarch, King Abdullah II.In response to criticism about London’s silence over the Saudi aggression against Yemen, May defended the British relationship with Saudi Arabia and said she had no problem bringing up the country’s human rights record during the trip.Complicity in Saudi crimesSpeaking to Press TV on Tuesday, Catherine Shakdam, director of Shafaqna Institute for Middle Eastern Studies, warned that May’s plans to extend ties with Riyadh would make her an accomplice in the Yemen war.“Her policy is to turn a blind eye to a genocide in Yemen and the promotion of Wahhabism/terrorism across the world for the sake of her country’s economic future,” she added. “It is a non-argument… because you can’t base growth or even the future of the country on war crimes.”Shakdam noted that since May was not “picked by the people,” her actions did not reflect the will of the British people either.The analyst also argued that May’s plans suited the Riyadh regime’s policy of lobbying and “buying out” the Western nations’ silence through lucrative deals in order to forward its own plans in the region.“It is very difficult for anyone looking at this and not realize that we have reached a tipping point where it is not about politics anymore, it is about right and wrong, ” Shakdam concluded.








It looks increasingly likely that main stream western media and politicians who are accusing the Syrian government and Russia for the latest alleged “chemical attack”in Syria are spreading fake news in order to garner support for wider military intervention.The American and British media machines sprung into overdrive this morning over reports based mainly from their own ‘activist’ media outlets are now all claiming that the Syrian and Russian Airforces launched a chemical weapons airstrike killing dozens of civilians in Idlib.Israel’s President, Benjamin Netanyahu, joined in on the condemnation, along with Amnesty International.There’s no, none, no excuse whatsoever for the deliberate attacks on civilians and on children >— Benjamin Netanyahu (@netanyahu) April 4, 2017Despite the 24/7 fake news reports, all known cases of chemical attacks in Syria have had fingerprints of various CIA funded rebel groups.21st Century Wire reports:Watch CNN’s Chris Cuomo as he attempts to litigate a fictitious verdict which happens to fit perfectly into the US pro-war and ‘No Fly Zone’ narrative being echoed by ‘regime change’ hawks John McCain and Adam Kinzinger on their same network today, and further echoed by more demagoguery from CNN’s Syria ‘experts’ Arwa Damon and Clarissa Ward as they blame the Syrian government with no evidence whatsoever. This segment by CNN is very definition of propaganda:Syrianna Analysis: Similar to 2013 chemical attack, the Western governments, and corporate mainstream media accusing the Syrian government of using chemical weapons, this time in Khan Shaykhun, in Idleb. This video discusses the disgusting and criminal usage of chemical weapons in Syria, indicating that it is not the Syrian government but the Islamist\terrorist groups behind the attacks. Watch:








A family in Texas are outraged that local police hovered a drone over their back yard without warning.The last thing Bobbie Sanchez expected to see when she walked out into her backyard last week, was a drone watching her children.Sanchez said her privacy was violated when one of her children said “Mommy there’s a drone over our roof”The drone was hovering there long enough for the horrified Mother to take multiple photos and call the police for help.Activist Post reports:However, when Sanchez called the Hurst police department to inform them a drone was spying on her children, the Hurst police department said it was them.“They’re watching my children play in the backyard,” said Sanchez. “I called the Hurst Police Department and was pretty surprised to hear that it was them.”According to NBC DFW, Hurst police and fire started using drones earlier this year. They said the day they were over Sanchez’s yard was a training exercise.Training, in the land of the free, now involves police officers stripping citizens of their privacy and creepily watching their kids.Dystopian, indeed.After being caught spying on children, the department now promises that they will tighten down on when and where the drones will be deployed.“We will not be doing any type of training exercises over houses and things like that,” said Hurst Police Assistant Chief Steve Niekamp.According to Niekamp, the department’s drones will now only launch of crime scenes, accident scenes, to find a suspect, an active shooter, or a missing person. The fire department may also use them to strategize on fighting fires.“We’re working for our citizens, if they have concerns then we definitely need to address it,” said Niekamp in an obvious understatement.When Sanchez’ neighbors got news of the drone they were outraged, naturally.“It might be legal but it’s still creepy to think that police can be saying that they’re training or looking for a criminal and still be looking at you in your backyard,” said neighbor Casey Byrnes.Others told NBC DFW that they feel betrayed and that their trust in police is damaged.In a truly liberty-loving tone, Sanchez stated, “I am not a person who will give up privacy for safety.”The use of drones in policing is a slippery slope. While fears of active shooters and missing children will be used to justify them, if history is any indicator, these drones will ultimately be used to further deteriorate what little semblance of privacy left in America.








North Korea has reportedly test-fired a middle-range ballistic missile into the Sea of JapanThe launch was reportedly carried out from the outskirts of the coastal city of Sinpo And has been strongly condemned by Japan and South Korea.It also comes just as the US-China summit is about to kick off in FloridaAccording to South Korea’s defence ministry, the missile flew about 60km (40 miles).RT reports:The South Korean military defined the type of missile as a “KN-15 medium-range ballistic missile” or Pukguksong-2, the South Korea’s Joint Chiefs of Staff (JSC) said in a statement to Yonhap. The launch was performed at about 6.42 am local time from the area near the North Korean seaside town of Sinpo in the South Hamgyong Province, it said. The missile covered the distance of about 60 km within nine minutes of its flight before it landed into the Sea of Japan, without incurring any damage and short of reaching Japan’s exclusive economic zone.It is too early to say if the launch was a success or a failure, the military said.The launch was also confirmed by the US Pacific Command, with spokesman Cmdr. Dave Benham saying in the aftermath of the firing that it is “fully committed” to cooperate with Japan and South Korea “to maintain security.”Denouncing the launch as “a brute challenge to a number of decisions by the UN Security Council on the nuclear and missile provocations of North Korea,” the country’s Foreign Ministry spokesman, Cho June-hyuck, noted that such blatant actions engender international peace and security.Meanwhile, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has called the yet another missile test by North Korea “serious provocative actions in terms of security,” that run contrary to the international law, in particular, UN Security Council resolutions imposing sanctions on North Korea.Japan has been in close contact with Washington and Seoul and “undertaking measures to protect the life and property of the citizens of the country in any possible situation,” Abe said, denouncing the test as “totally unacceptable,” as cited by the Kyodo news agency.Japan’s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga has announced that Japan “filed a grave protest against North Korea and strongly denounced the test-firing,” stressing that his country “won’t tolerate repeated provocative actions by North Korea”, he said, as cited by The Times of JapanWhile the missile did not bring any damage to Japanese aircrafts or vessels in the area, Suga called its “extremely problematic in terms of safety of planes and ships,” as cited by RIA Novosti.The launch comes ahead of the much anticipated meeting between US President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, at which he is expected to raise the issue of North Korea and urge China to take a tougher stance on its nuclear and missile program. However, Trump said on Monday that in case the efforts to persuade China to exert influence on North Korea prove to be futile, the US is going “to solve” North Korea alone without elaborating further.Commenting on the launch, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson acknowledged the mere fact that the test had been carried out, refraining from further comment.“North Korea launched yet another intermediate range ballistic missile. The United States has spoken enough about North Korea. We have no further comment,” Tillerson said in a statement.In response to Trump’s comments and the ongoing joint South Korea and US drills which it sees as preparation for an invasion, North Korea has threatened to retaliate. On Monday, it warned that “the world will soon witness what eventful steps the DPRK will take to frustrate the hideous and reckless sanctions racket” on Monday.The newest launch comes just two weeks after a failed attempt by North Korea to fire a missile from its east coast near Kalma Peninsula.








A spokesman for the Russian Defense Ministry has confirmed that the Syrian Air Force destroyed a warehouse in the Idlib province where chemical weapons were being produced and stockpiled before being shipped to Iraq.The air strike on Tuesday targeted a major rebel ammunition depot east of the town of Khan Sheikhoun, Major-General Igor Konashenkov said in a statement, just after the US and its allies rushed to accuse Syrian government forces of carrying out “a chemical attack” in the province.Konashenkov added that the same chemical munitions had already been used by militants in the Syrian city of Aleppo, where Russian military experts took samples late last year.RT reports:The warehouse was used to both produce and store shells containing toxic gas, Konashenkov said. The shells were delivered to Iraq and repeatedly used there, he added, pointing out that both Iraq and international organizations have confirmed the use of such weapons by militants.The same chemical munitions were used by militants in Aleppo, where Russian military experts took samples in late 2016, Konashenkov said.The Defense Ministry has confirmed this information as “fully objective and verified,” Konashenkov added.According to the statement, Khan Sheikhoun civilians, who recently suffered a chemical attack, displayed identical symptoms to those of Aleppo chemical attack victims.At least 58 people, including 11 children, reportedly died and scores were injured after a hospital in Khan Sheikhoun was targeted in a suspected gas attack on Tuesday morning, Reuters reported, citing medics and rebel activists. Soon after a missile allegedly hit the facility, people started showing symptoms of chemical poisoning, such as choking and fainting. The victims were reportedly also seen with foam coming out of their mouths. While the major Syrian opposition group, the Syrian National Coalition, and other pro-rebel groups put the blame on the attack onto President Bashar Assad’s government, the Syrian military dismissed all allegations as propaganda by the rebels.“We deny completely the use of any chemical or toxic material in Khan Sheikhoun town today and the army has not used nor will use in any place or time, neither in past or in future,” the Syrian army said in a statement.The Russian military stated it did not carry out any airstrike in the area either.
However, EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini, commenting on the incident, was quick to point to the Syrian government as a culprit, saying that it bears responsibility for the “awful” attack.US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson echoed Mogherini, accusing the Syrian government of perpetrating the attack calling it “brutal, unabashed barbarism.” He argued, that besides the Syrian authorities, Iran and Russia should also bear “moral responsibility” for it.








Shockwaves are reverberating around the Kremlin after an extraordinary meeting called by Vladimir Putin yesterday during which the Russian president said that “95% of the world’s terrorist attacks are orchestrated by the CIA,” and the St. Petersburg metro bombing must be investigated “with this in mind.“Speaking at a behind closed doors forum for the highest echelons of government and staff in his home city of St. Petersburg, Putin responded to questions about the metro blast by pointing out who is responsible for the vast majority of world terror attacks: the U.S. deep state, and the radical Islamic groups they sponsor to destabilize key regions in the world.Putin slammed his fist on the table and exclaimed, “If the CIA have Russian blood on their hands, they will forever regret stirring the Russian bear from its peaceful slumber,” according to sources close to the President.  Putin then vowed to ramp up investigations into the terrorist attack even further.When questioned by a top aide as to whether the 95% figure was accurate, Putin sighed heavily and fixed the assembled group with his trademark stare before explaining that in regards to how the world is run, all is not how it seems.Putin claims that the CIA is a rogue element of the deep state, and “an expression of the will of world oligarchy and their vision for a New World Order.“Resisting gentle attempts by close aides to stop the President “going there,” Putin said that the evidence was everywhere, and that he personally had intimate knowledge of their dealings.Suffice it to say, the CIA exists today as part of America – but it is certainly not American. “The CIA does not work on behalf of the American people or act in their interests.”Asked if he thought the St Petersburg bomb was the beginning of a CIA plot to oust him from power, as has been suggested in the media, Putin said, “It will take more than a bag of tricks in a subway to make me blink.“Putin also said that mankind has been manipulated to become “unconscious” through the use of programming by media and politics, the perfect example being the public’s submissive response to the recent WikiLeaks Vault7 leak.Rather than kicking off worldwide protests about the CIA’s overreach and illegal activities, the mainstream media have actively dumbed down the masses and lulled them into a state of compliance.








Weeks after shocking the world by exposing the elite pedophile ring on mainstream television, Dr Phil has been canceled by Dutch Media RTL, with production insiders warning many territories are under intense pressure from powerful people to cancel the show. “Dr Phil has a target on his head now. They are going to destroy him and the show,” the production assistant said.Dutch Media RTL, which has broadcast Dr Phil for 15 years, is the first territory to bow to pressure and cancel the show.Brave Dr. Phil exposed the crimes of an elite government pedophile ring to millions of viewers across the United States during the episode in question, after interviewing a former child sex slave called ‘Kendall’.Kendall, who was repeatedly sexually abused as a young child, detailed her life growing up as a sex slave to an elite pedophile ring to a stunned audience.As more and more Americans are beginning to wake up to the fact that high-level government officials routinely sexually abuse children, Dr. Phil helped bring the issue to the attention of an even bigger audience.Now he is being punished for it.Thefreethoughtproject reports: Kendall explains that she was born to be a sex slave, as her parents intentionally had her for the trafficker she calls her “owner.” Kendall says that her parents sold her at birth to an elite pedophile ring that serviced some of the world’s power elite, describing her first memories as being passed around groups of rich and prominent men and women for them to “take turns” with her for sadistic sexual pleasure.Making her first public appearance after escaping from the man she calls her “owner,” Kendall describes being forced to participate in actions that shock the conscience. She explains that she was forced to rape children as young as 5- years-old, and even admits to having been forced to kill a baby by the human trafficker she describes as her “owner.”Kendall says that she can tell the difference between kids born into sexual slavery and ones that have been kidnapped, as the ones born into it are more docile and less upset as it is the only reality they have ever known.When Dr. Phil asks how old she thinks she was when she was first raped, Kendall explains that it was “before I could talk – I was used to it by the time I was 2.”She says she doesn’t even know her actual age, as she has been a sex slave her entire life, being trafficked around the globe to be molested and raped by the societal elites – including high ranking law enforcement official, major sports franchise owners and even high level U.S. politicians.She describes having birthed 3 children while in captivity, all of which have been taken from her by her owner/trafficker, and are believed by Kendall to now be child sex slaves themselves.“I was allowed to get pregnant, because men paid for that,” Kendall said.Kendall notes that the pedophiles she came into contact with over the years were extremely wealthy – often “pillars of the community” – with some even owning private islands or large pieces of land.“They would buy us just to hunt us,” she said.She recalls one of her most fearful memories was that of the pedophiles hosting a “hunting party” on one of their large private plots of lands, making numerous children run and hide in fear, as they were the “prey” to be hunted. The pedophiles would then hunt the children as they ran and hid in fear – raping and torturing them when they were captured.The activities described by this woman are so profoundly disturbing they can be almost hard to believe, but Dr. Phil confirms that his team not only investigated Kendall’s case for four months, but also consulted with law enforcement experts who confirmed her story. Dr. Phil said he “100% believes” that she is telling the truth.[President Trump Announces Elite Pedophile Ring Investigation]In a damning indictment of the power-elite, Kendall described how the pedophile politicians would adorn her in designer clothes, well groomed hair and makeup to give the appearance of class and sophistication. She explains that she and other children were often hung from cages suspended from the ceiling, and that they were often drugged before being transported in the darkness of night.She claims that she was trafficked to pedophile politicians, and taken to political parties attended by high-level politicians who used her for their personal pleasure. The politicians always took great care to hide what they were doing, according to Kendall, who confirmed that there are many elite U.S. politicians that have been engaged in raping children for many years — a reality that has consistently been covered up and completely hidden from voters.Perhaps the reason these crimes have been so steadfastly hidden from public view, is that high-level law enforcement officials have also been implicated as being part of the elite pedophile network.[Trey Gowdy Fights Tears As He Vows To Destroy Elite Pedophile Ring]This is just the latest case to emerge in what is now being called #PedoGate. #PedoGate refers to an international pedophile ring composed of politicians and other high profile societal elites.








British Prime Minister Theresa May has slammed the British National Trust for attempting to “airbrush Christianity from British life” after the organization banned use of the word “Easter” from it’s popular nationwide Easter egg hunt.  The National Trust holds an Easter egg hunt that sees thousands of children search for chocolate eggs at many of its historical properties each year. However, this year it has been rebranded to remove any reference to the Christian holy week.Chocolate firm Cadbury, which sponsors the event, said they removed all reference to Easter in order to  appeal to non-Christians. “We invite people from all faiths and none to enjoy our seasonal treats,” they said.However, speaking in the Saudi capital Riyadh, the Prime Minister told ITV News: “I’m not just a vicar’s daughter – I’m a member of the National Trust as well. I think the stance they’ve taken is absolutely ridiculous and I don’t know what they’re thinking about.“Easter’s very important. It’s important to me, it’s a very important festival for the Christian faith for millions across the world.“So I think what the National Trust is doing is frankly just ridiculous.”Breitbart report: The Archbishop of York also hit out at Cadbury, accusing the company of “spitting on the grave” of its Quaker founder.“If people visited Birmingham today in the Cadbury World they will discover how [John] Cadbury’s Christian faith influenced his industrial output,” he said.“He built houses for all his workers, he built a church, he made provision for schools etc.  It is obvious that for him Jesus and justice were two sides of the one coin.“To drop Easter from Cadbury’s Easter Egg Hunt in my book is tantamount to spitting on the grave of Cadbury.”There are increasing instances of Christianity being airbrushed from British public life as ignorance of the country’s traditional faith grows.In 2014, Oxford City Council refused to give permission for a “Passion play” – a re-enactment of the trial and crucifixion of Christ – to take place in the city’s streets because an official thought the word “passion” meant it was a sex show.Oxford City Councillor Dick Wolff, who is also a United Reformed Church pastor, said: “Unfortunately, one of the city council’s licensing officers didn’t recognise that a Passion play on Good Friday was a religious event.”“I think he thought it was a sex show, so he said it may be committing an offence.”








Pierre Omidyar, one of the worlds richest men and the founder of eBay, is set to spend $100M to crush free thought expression online under the guise of educating people and helping democracy.The funds are to be dispersed over the next few years through the Omidyar Network, a philanthropic investment firm founded by he and his wife in 2004.The Anti-Defamation League will be among those who will receive a grant for the building of a new centre in the Silicon Valley to censor discourse on social media networks and silence opposing opinions to what will be deemed acceptable.“What we’ve seen over the last 12 months particularly has been an increase in distrust – distrust in government institutions, in the media and in social media,” said Stephen King, partner at Omidyar Network.“This new commitment is to provide funding for organisations that are trying to restore trust.Public faith in institutions is at an all-time low, Mr King said, and “alternative facts”- are gaining traction.Pierre Omidyar wants to control what you’re allowed to think and believe by giving powerful organizations the tools to decide what you are and are not allowed to see online:“Rumour has become the new currency and people are much more focused on believing what their peers say, and what their own political beliefs are telling them.”“We’re trying to expose people as much as possible to a variety of different ways of accessing information and checking sources,” he said.The Telegraph reports:The money will be distributed principally outside the US, with a focus on countries where free speech is under threat. “We take it for granted sometimes in the UK and in the US, but in many countries around the world you don’t have that tradition of impartial, independent media that isn’t state-run or captured by corporate interests.”Details of the new fund will be announced at the Skoll World Forum in Oxford today.








According to new blood testing data gathered by Reuters, children in California have higher levels of poisonous lead in their blood than those in Flint, Michigan. Children from one Fresno community had three times the amount of lead contamination in their blood than children who were exposed to poisoned water in Flint.Potentially fatal levels of lead poisoning were also found in numerous Bay Area communities and in downtown Los Angeles.Naturalnews.com reports:In one area of Fresno, 13.6 percent of blood samples collected from children under the age of six revealed high levels of lead — compared to just 5 percent across the city of Flint, MI during the water contamination crisis.Altogether, 29 Californian communities were found to have childhood lead poisoning rates that were at least as high as Flint’s.California Assemblymember Bill Quirk, who chairs the state legislature’s Committee on Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials stated,“It’s a widespread problem and we have to get a better idea of where the sources of exposure are.”As Reuters explains, other states provided the media outlet with testing results from all zip codes or census tracts. California, however, withheld data from areas where there were fewer than 250 children screened, stating that data from those areas would be “less reliable.” The available data included 400,000 children from 546 zip codes, which Reuters notes likely omits many neighborhoods where lead poisoning is still a serious issue, but not enough children were screened.  Unsurprisingly, California’s Public Health Department claims that comparisons of their blood testing results to other states “aren’t warranted,” because the state tests children that they deem “at risk” of lead exposure. In areas affected by high levels of lead poisoning, government officials are at least taking action. Cities like Oakland and Emeryville have proposed ordinances and resolutions to help combat exposure to lead.Lead exposure strikes the nationFlint, Michigan made headlines when it was revealed that the municipal water supply had been poisoning the townspeople with lead. Childhood lead poisoning rates reached 5 percent in the area, and hearts went out to the community. But Flint is sadly not alone in their lead poisoning crisis, and the communities of California are not the only ones keeping it company. In fact, the Flint crisis is downright mild compared to the levels of lead some other communities have been afflicted with. Countless cities and towns across the United States are riddled with the toxic heavy metal: It’s in the soil, the water and many homes.In 2016, Reuters discovered that there were some 3,000 communities in the US with childhood lead poisoning rates that were at least double that of what was seen in Flint. And over 1,000 of these communities exhibited elevated blood lead levels that were four times higher than those seen in Flint. For example, in Warren, Pennsylvania, a staggering 36 percent of the children tested had high blood lead levels. And in some areas of Baltimore, Cleveland and Philadelphia, the rate of high lead content in blood samples has reached between 40 and 50 percent within the last decade.The dangers of leadLead poisoning is a national problem. In children under the age of 6, the threshold for elevated blood lead levels is just 5 micrograms per liter. Because there is no safe level of exposure, even this seemingly small amount is enough to be damaging, especially to children.Lead was once commonly used in fuel, household paint and plumbing materials, and is still often found in older buildings. Lead is a known neurotoxin, and children are especially susceptible to its effects. It can cause irreparable damage to almost all organ systems in the human body, but is most known for its ability to disrupt cognitive development and cause learning disabilities. The neurological effects of lead are generally the most immediate, but this does not mean that other ill effects cannot occur, even later in life. According to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease, childhood lead poisoning can contribute to other health issues later in life such as kidney issues, hypertension, reproductive difficulties and it can also affect the health of future offspring. So not only can lead poisoning harm children, it can set the stage for your children’s children to have health issues.








Hollywood filmmaker Michael Moore issued an alarming warning to fans Tuesday, claiming that humans now face extinction because of Donald Trump. The liberal extremist posted the dire warning on his social media accounts on Tuesday, claiming that March 28, 2017 would be remembered as the day that Trump began the process of wiping out humans from the face of the Earth.In an insane post to his Facebook page, the ageing Clinton supporter accused Trump of declaring a “war on the planet” following Trump’s signing of an executive order Tuesday rolling back several Obama regulations.“Historians in the near future (because that may be the only future we have) will mark today, March 28, 2017, as the day the extinction of human life on earth began,” Moore ranted to his followers.“This is a defining moment in the history of mankind. By signing these executive orders today, Trump is declaring an act of war on the planet and its inhabitants,” he said. “The one silver lining here is that Trump can’t kill the planet; the planet wants to live and has a long history of wiping out any real or perceived threats.”Zerohedge.com reports:Trump has signed orders killing all of Obama's climate change regulations. The EPA is prohibited henceforth from focusing on climate change.— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) March 28, 2017But he was not done… as he sees the most dire outcome from this terrifying regulatory roll-back…Historians in the near future will mark today, March 28, 2017, as the day the extinction of human life on earth began, thanks 2 Donald Trump— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) March 28, 2017So to be clear, global humanity is destined for extinction because America decides to unwind some burdensome regulations? Perhaps we should be more worried…Judging his remarks literally, it seems the liberal fanatic believes that historians will survive the coming human extinction (in order to mark the event).Of course, what Mr. Moore perhaps is missing that if indeed President Trump’s cunning plan is human extinction, then this is a truly progressive agenda since the end of humanity would surely be great for the environment.








Former leader of NAACP, Rachel Dolezal, has told the BBC that she is now officially ‘transracial’ – meaning that she has transitioned from white to African American.In a bizarre interview with the BBCs Newsnight show Dolezal, 39, claims that “the idea of race is a lie,” and says that ethnicity is not biological.The notion that race could be a social construct, flies in the face of everything biologists have learned about humans in the last few hundred years.Dailymail.co.uk reports:Following the interview, Twitter users criticized Dolezal’s comments, accusing her of using ‘white privilege’ to make her arguments.Dolezal, from Spokane, Washington, said in the interview: ‘Gender is understood – we’ve progressed, we’ve evolved to understanding that gender is not binary.’   She added: ‘It’s not even biological. But what strikes me as so odd is that race isn’t biological either.‘And actually race has been to some extent less biological than gender, if you really think about history and our bodies.‘There isn’t, like, white blood and black blood.’Critics online said that Dolezal was using cultural appropriation to become a black woman, and that Dolezal wanted to ‘steal things from other cultures to be trendy’.One person said that people can’t ‘become black’ because ‘at any moment what “makes” blackness can be erased’.Some argued that the idea of being ‘transracial’ was ‘only available to white people’.This isn’t the first time Dolezal compared acting as a black woman to being transgender.In 2015, she likened her situation to that of Caitlyn Jenner, who announced she was transitioning from male to female in April of that year.   Dolezal told the Guardian that comparisons could be drawn with the 66-year-old former Olympian – arguing that people should not be defined by who or what they were at birth.Dolezal said: ‘Caitlyn Jenner has not been seen as a woman, and treated as a woman by other people, for her entire life. So what does that mean? What if somebody transitions as a teenager and their entire adult life we know them as a woman.‘I hope we can reach some kind of term for the plurality of people and allow everybody to be exactly who they are on the spectrum of all these things. Religion, gender, race.’Dolezal also suggested people were ‘operating on an autopilot that race is coded in your DNA’.‘What I believe about race is that race is not real. It’s not a biological reality. It’s a hierarchical system that was created to leverage power and privilege between different groups of people.’








Pro-Trump Comedian Roseanne Barr defended the President on Twitter Monday, claiming that attacks against him were actually “disguised” attacks on American voters. Barr issued the scathing attack against the liberal elites, following James Comey’s treasonous testimony in front of Congress the same day.“Every single attack on @POTUS is really a disguised attack on American voters who rejected Obama-Clinton-Bush’s bleeding of R treasury,” the 64-year-old Roseanne star tweeted.Every single attack on @POTUS is really a disguised attack on American voters who rejected Obama-Clinton-Bush's bleeding of R treasury.— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) March 20, 2017Breitbart.com reports:In June, the comedian told the Hollywood Reporter that the country would be “lucky” if Trump won, “because then it wouldn’t be Hillary.”“I like Trump because he financed his own [campaign],” Barr said then. “That’s the only way he could’ve gotten that nomination. Because nobody wants a president who isn’t from Yale and Harvard and in the club. ‘Cause it’s all about distribution. When you’re in the club, you’ve got people that you sell to. That’s how money changes hands, that’s how business works. If you’ve got friends there, they scratch your back and blah, blah.”Last week, Barr spoke out after Palestinian activist and Women’s March organizer Linda Sarsour said it is impossible to be both a pro-Israel Zionist and a feminist.“Is it even possible to be a pro-Palestinian feminist?” Barr fired back on Twitter.Is it even possible to be a pro-Palestinian feminist? https://t.co/FRZM6T7a4r— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) March 15, 2017Barr also announced last week that the cast of her hit 1990s television show was “up for a reunion show.” Roseanne ran for nine seasons between 1988 and 1997 and won three Golden Globe awards.roseanne show cast is up for a reunion show— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) March 16, 2017








After spending 47 years as a high-ranking illuminati member, the anonymous insider says that he wants to “reveal everything” after the burden of keeping it a secret became “too much to bear”.In an online post the ‘illuminati insider’ reveals:This post will be about how the Illuminati recruited me and what exactly I had to go through.When I was nineteen years old, I fell into some money through some connections with friends and some successful investments of some money that I had made throughout my childhood. I got involved in some backroom deals and saw my money begin to grow. As I attended college at Harvard in 1964, I begin to become increasingly rich, and my influence on campus grew as well through my participation in various clubs, and organizations. Some friends and I began to serve as quasi-stock brokers while still at Harvard. I made tons of cash during that year, and was very powerful and influential on campus.One night as I was walking back to my dorm shortly after midnight, I was approached by two men in black suits. I initially assumed that they were going to investigate my business activity because some of it was not exactly legal. They asked me to come with them and I followed them into the basement of a two story house a couple streets over from my dorm room. They sat me down at a table and asked me if I was willing to make a deal. They would not tell me what deal I would be making, but just continually asked if I would be willing to make a deal. I half-assed agreed that I would, and that is when the biggest man that I have ever seen walked through some closet doors and sat down First of all, if you do not believe me then I am sorry. I am here to tell the truth, and nothing that is written by me is false exaggeration nor science fiction. This information is real, it is true, it is reality, and it is time for it to be told.I was a member of the Illuminati for 47 years. I was recruited when I was 19 years old. I have posted here off and on over the past year. (Some of the posts are mine, others are my brothers, mainly they are his) The information that I am about to unfold is very revealing and very dangerous. I am one of seven people in the history of the Illuminati that have performed the “Departure” Ritual. I knew that I needed to get out when I had something revealed to me at a meeting in June of 2010. For years I was in line with the beliefs, motives, and actions of the Illuminati, but it recently became too much for me to bear, and I had to extinguish my sacred contract.My reason for coming here is to reveal EVERYTHING about the Illuminati. How you become a member, what the organization is about, what the organization does, and the future plans that we have.I will be back to make my first post when I can see that this thread has enough attention for me continue. Any time in the near future when I begin to reveal the secrets of the Illuminati, I need to ensure that there are enough people paying attention so that my efforts do not go to waste.Once I see that this thread has a substantial amount of views and replies, I will make my first post.Here is a preview of some of the things that I will reveal:page 69 of thread:The first topic to discuss will be these underground bunkers that I have mentioned. Currently, there are 57 underground bases and bunkers around the United States that are in use for various purposes. There are 439 bunkers in the entire world. ALL of these bunkers and bases are controlled and maintained by the Illuminati. The largest underground bunker is in Sao Paulo, Brazil. This bunker has the capability of holding up to 5,000 people for a period of up to ten years. I have personally been in this bunker, and it is much larger than one that anyone can possible even imagine. This bunker is secured mainly for the events of the end times. 5,000 of the world’s richest, brightest, and most powerful individuals will secure shelter in this bunker in the event of a global thermonuclear war, natural disaster, or any other form of global catastrophe. Don’t be confused. Several other bunkers have the ability of housing large numbers of people for extended periods of time, but no other bunkers is as large and capable as this one. In the event of World War 3, all of the world’s leaders will take shelter here, and the governments of the world will be theoretical proxy governments. The world’s richest people will be here as well. People such as Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, the oil tycoons ( however, these oil tycoons will be murdered while they are in the bunker so that the takeover of the Middle East will be much easier for the New World Order). I do not know the exact number, but of the 439 bunkers in the world, I would say that around 275 of them are constructed mainly for shelter and extended stays. I myself stayed in one of these bunkers while in China in the nineties. They are very nice, very luxurious. It is practically like you are staying in a 5 star hotel.Some people that have stayed in these bunkers:Leon Trotsky: After Stalin defeated Trotsky and secured power in the Soviet Union following Lenin’s death, Trotsky was moved to an underground bunker just inside Switzerland. Stalin originally did not know about this because if he did not follow the orders of the Illuminati, then Trotsky was going to be reinstated as the leader of the Soviet Union. It was important to have Trotsky placed in this bunker because Stalin was going to kill him otherwise. Stalin eventually fell in line with the Illuminati’s plans, and Trotsky was executed because he was no longer needed.Abraham Lincoln: Lincoln was NOT murdered by John Wilkes Booth. Lincoln was placed in the office of presidency as a pawn. The Illuminati knew that if he was elected then the South would secede. The Civil War made the North very, very rich. That was the only reason the Civil War was allowed to happen. If the Illuminati had not seen the opportunity to become rich off of the war, then slavery would still be an American institution. Lincoln was placed in office just to start the war. He made a deal that once the war was over, that he would be removed from office. This was taken care of through a fake assassination, and he spent the rest of his days in a bunker in Mexico.Saddam Hussein: Hussein was in power in Iraq merely to raise justification for invasion by the United States and other nations. Many of you are already familiar with what I have said about the plans to entirely take over the Middle East and to secure the oil that is currently untapped. The Hussein that was “hung” was a dummy, and the cell phone video that was release was meant to be released as “proof.” Saddam is currently in a bunker somewhere in Argentina. I do not know of any future plans with him.The rest of the bunkers in the world are used for storage of things that cannot be stored on top of the ground. Nuclear stockpiles are being held in these underground bunkers . In the event that a nation veers off the course that is planned, then they will be eliminated. Either through assassination of their leaders or by nuclear destruction. Thankfully, nuclear action has not had to be taken yet; however, do not put it past these people to bring about such destruction.You all know about the HAARP machine conspiracy. It is real. I can assure you. The machine is housed entirely in a bunker that is underwater in the Pacific Ocean. This machine was developed back in the 1980’s, and was first used in the late nineties. This machine has capability of creating any natural disaster that the Illuminati wish to create. Hurricane Katrina was a product of the HAARP machine. The Hurricane was used as a diversion. While the area was in chaos, and attention was diverted everywhere, engineers were sent down to prepare for the gulf oil spill. I can assure you that the Illuminati is capable of releasing more oil into the gulf. The oil that has already been pumped into the gulf is only a small amount compared to what could possibly be done. I already mentioned that the oil spill was used as an agent to implant microbodies into the brains of the children in the area. These children that have been affected are now subject to government control whenever these microbodies are activated. The Illuminati also used the opportunity that Katrina presented to build a bunker that is directly beneath the French Quarter. Why else do you think that FEMA was slow to provide adequate assistance? The engineers needed time.The HAARP machine is not controlled by any one single country; it is collectively controlled and used. The earthquake in Haiti, the ones that happened over the past couple days, all are products of the HAARP. Not all of the events are relevant or important, some are just tests, some are even mistakes. Rest assured however that once there is need for a natural disaster, the disaster can be generated, engineered, and directed and have whatever effect is necessary.Another thing that is housed in these bunkers are drugs. There are massive amounts of cocaine, marijuana, heroine, and all kinds of other drugs being stored. The drug trade and war on drugs are essential to the Illuminati. As more and more drugs are traded and cartels become more powerful, the Illuminati becomes richer and more powerful. One of the major contributors and benefactors to the drug trade is Warren Buffett. Buffett has been running the drug trade in the Western Hemisphere for the past twenty years. The drug cartels of Mexico are under his power. It is important that the Illuminati control the majority of the drugs in North America. This is because it gives them yet another vehicle to transport technology that allows them to take control of the consumers. The Illuminati is constantly searching for ways to implant themselves in the minds of the general public, and naturally, control of the drug trade was the perfect way to do so. Buffett secured control of the drug trade when he approached multiple drug cartels and presented them with contracts. He has been in control ever since, and Ben Bernanke is assisting him with the day to day operations.Multiple bunkers are also equipped to serve as crematories. Much in the same way that the Nazis burned their victims, the Illuminati plans to burn victims that are killed off. Many have speculated that FEMA has constructed stockpiles of coffins to be used for mass burials, but this is not true. Mass burials would take a massive amount of time and effort. Therefore, when the time comes to begin mass killings and executions, the bodies will be shipped to “burn yard” where they will be dropped in these bunkers and reduced to ashes. FEMA, which is an Illuminati run organization, decided that this would be the most effective way to dispose of a mass amount of bodies.Yet more of these bunkers contain robots that are designed and ready to infiltrate the workplace in the case of a labor shortage. The scenario in which these robots will most likely be used is when the mind control aspect of the Illuminati’s plan goes into effect. Robots will be sent in to perform the jobs that these people were doing, and these people will be used for other events, such as war, propaganda, and violence. These robots will also be used once population control goes into effect.Alex Jones is not who he says he is. For years he has been working to uncover the secrets of the Illuminati and the New World Order, but yet he is a member of the former, and will be in power in the latter. Jones has been placed in the world of conspiracy theories to feed false information, to throw trackers off the trail. Do not believe anything that the man tells you. All of the information that he presents is fabricated by the Illuminati, for the Illuminati. Think of Joseph Goebbels. Alex Jones is the perfect Joseph Goebbels. STOP LISTENING TO HIM IF YOU ARE. You are being lied to by a man that receives his instructions straight from the Illuminati.The moon landing in 1969 was real, but there was a moon landing seven years earlier that was the first real landing. In truth, the Russians were the first ones to land on the moon; however, they did not publicize the mission nor the results. It was decided that America was going to win the space race in order to secure a feeling of capitalism over communism. Russia launched their own rocket ship toward the moon as a test run to ensure that the American trial would be successful seven years later. Everything went perfect with the Russian moon landing, and the same technology was then applied to the American moon mission. While on the moon, the American astronauts began the first construction of nuclear missile sites on the moon. These nuclear missile sites have been added onto over the years by way of subsequent moon missions and work by remote control robots. The purpose of these missile sites is the ability to launch nuclear missiles without the risk of tracing the missiles back to a particular country. The scenario in which these missiles would be used is to attack a nation that is not cooperating with the Illuminati. The Illuminati would order missiles launched at the nation, but without the afflicted nation being able to track where exactly the missiles came from, they would not be able to show evidence that they should declare war on a specific country. In my opinion, these missiles will never be used because there are many other ways that the Illuminati can bring down an entire government other than nuking them. However, to my knowledge, the moon currently has 2 fully equipped nuclear missile sites that can be operated from Earth.Sticking with space….Scientists working for the Illuminati have found a way that they can “shut” off the sun. A weapon has been created that shoot a beam of high density radiation right into the heart of a planet or star. This beam of radiation penetrates through the planet creating a very large cylinder in the exact middle of it. The radiation that is left behind begins to eat at the star or planet and the effects spread like wildfire. This technology has been tested on various stars in our immediate solar system and is very effective. The first thing that occurs to the star is that the radiation eats a perfect cylinder through the middle of the star, the radiation left behind begins working its way outward degenerating anything in its path. The radiation continues to build and spread. Some stars hung on until they were totally deteriorated from the radiation; however, some stars became so unstable that they combusted at a certain point.Scientists are certain that this technology can be used on the sun, but also on other planets. One estimate that I overheard was that from the initial shot of radiation, it would take approximately nine years for the entire sun to be entirely consumed. We would begin seeing the effects of the radiation in approximately 3 and a half years however. The first signs would be shorter days and a decreased amount of sunlight during those days. The sun would start becoming unstable at about the seven year point, and we will begin seeing massive solar flares. Once the nine years is up, all life on earth will be dead.Since my departure, I am completely unsure who the top, head leaders of the Illuminati are at this point, but I will give my best guess. The Illuminati is structured so that there are one to three major leaders in each major region of the world; however, some regions are left out because of a lack of a suitable leader; therefore, a leader is installed there.In North America:Warren Buffett is most likely the head of all Illuminati operations. Followed by Ben Bernanke, followed by Lloyd Blankfein who is CEO of Goldman Sachs.Goldman Sachs is a key player in the North American Illuminati sector. Recently, Goldman Sachs invested almost $500 million dollars in Facebook. Usually this means that Facebook will fall under Illuminati control soon, just as Myspace and Twitter have.
Other key players in North America are Alex Jones, Bill Clinton, Rahm Emmanuel, of course Obama, and Timothy GeithnerSouth America is void of any real Illuminati leaders. Hugo Chavez has been difficult to work with in the past. He seems to be in line with the Illuminati agenda; however, he does not like being told what to do. Most of the North American leaders control South America as well.
In Europe:Nicolas Sarkozy is the main guy. He controls the majority of the operations in Europe and Africa. Gordon Brown was very influential in the Illuminati until he decided to begin playing his way; this is why he was removed from office. My opinion is that he is still a key player, just not as key as he once was. There are several African arms dealer that have recently gained some power; however, I am unaware of their identities.
The Middle East is controlled largely by Benjamin Netanyahu which should not come as much of a surprise. Netanyahu does not have as much control as you would think however. As I have stated before, Israel is the grand puppet state of the Illuminati.They will do absolutely anything that the Illuminati wants them to do, and they will do it to the best of their ability without even thinking twice. Israel has been given the permission to fire upon Iran whenever it wishes to do so. Control of the Middle East is hard because there are so many rebel groups. Palestine should not even be worried about. Although they are not controlled by the Illuminati, they are not able to do anything. Iran is borderline at time, and completely in opposition at others. This is why Israel will destroy Iran to start WWIII.Asia is controlled entirely by Vladimir Putin and his cronies. Putin is a very powerful, very smart man. He will regain popular control of Russia very soon, but you can be assured that everything that is happening in Russia right now is going through him. China has chosen to give up a little power to the Illuminati. They cooperate; just do not care to become too involved. In my opinion, it is because they feel that they will be able to defeat the Illuminati in the end. They are sadly mistaken. Eventually they will come to terms and will join in the great skit that will be called World War 3.The Spanish flu of 1918, SARS, and the H1N1 scare all have one thing in common: they all were engineered by the Illuminati. While nothing has been instituted on a global scale, the Illuminati has been testing these viruses for years and they are finally unlocking the keys to creating a virus that will spread across the globe very, very fast killing select people. My advice: do not receive the vaccines. You will become a part of a test group that the Illuminati is using to experiment. The H1N1 virus started to become widespread when animals escaped from a farm in Brazil where the virus was being tested. Several of these animals mingled with citizens of surrounding towns, and many of the animals were consumed. The population of the surround towns were quarantined, and the ones that died were covered up; however, somehow, a traveler had carried the flu virus all the way up into northern Mexico, where the virus was first reported. The Illuminati soon found out that the virus was much, much less ineffective than they thought. They are currently pursuing research on a virus that will wipe out a country within a matter of days.I hope this data dump has been informational for you and has contributed to my credibility in some way. I have much, much more information. It just takes me time to sit down and father my thoughts long enough to format them in an easily readable and comprehensive manner. This is definitely not my last post, as I have more information that needs to be told. It has been a long, tiring past couple of days, and I hope this is enough information to give me a good rest for awhile. If you have any questions then feel free to post them here, on my youtube account, or email me at walte1944@yahoo.comThis article was originally published in 2015 and is updated regularlySources used:
Anonymousmags.com








Recent studies have shown that this rare blood group may indicate non-human traits in your makeup which set you apart from the conventional DNA of homo sapiens.There is a lot of confusion about the origin of the word Nephilim and what it means. In Hebrew it literally means to fall. As in fallen angel. The Bible, the Talmud and the Koran (where they are referred to as Djinn) all speak of fallen angels.In the Book of Genesis in the Bible it relates how the Nephilim produced children with humans. One was even depicted as killing Japheth, Noah’s son, and taking his place whereupon he fathered many children with Japheth’s unsuspecting wife which eventually populated much of Northern Europe.Experts can’t agree about where the origin of this side order of humans may have originated, citing fallen angels (Nephilim) or aliens as possible sources, but they do agree on the characteristics which can include:Once you have finished checking yourself over, if you are Rhesus Negative you are already very special as very few (15%) people fall within that category. It’s interesting to note that the coloring referred to in these characteristics are typical of Northern Europe – an echo of the Biblical story of Noah’s son being murdered by the Nephilim and the children produced populating Northern Europe perhaps?But what does Rhesus Negative mean exactly? Of the human blood types, O is the most common. It is a universal blood type. Blood types are further broken down into two groups, negative and positive. This is called the RH factor. The RH factor is the Rhesus (rhesus as in monkey) blood factor.If your blood tests positive for this, you have the factor in your blood. If you test negative, you do not have the factor in your blood.The RH factor is a protein found in the human blood that is directly linked to the Rhesus Monkey.When blood type is inherited from your parents, it is known that this factor element of the blood is the most consistent human or animal characteristic passed on to the off spring. There are VERY few aberrations. It rarely changes. Most people, about 85%, have RH-positive blood. That could support the idea that humans evolved or were derived from Primates. 15 % of humans have RH-negative blood.If blood type is one of least mutable human characteristic, where did the RH negative come from? This question has puzzled scientists for years. There is some evidence that suggests the RH-negative blood group may have appeared about 35,000 years ago. And the appearance was regional and seemed to, originally, be connected with certain groups/tribes of people.Northern Spain and Southern France is where you can find some of the highest concentration of the RH-negative factor in the Basque people. Another original group were the Eastern/Oriental Jews. In general, about 40 – 45% of Europeans have the RH-negative group. Only about 3% of African descendent and about 1% of Asian or Native American descendent has the RH-negative group. Due to the larger European numbers, it is a safe bet that was where it was introduced into the human genetic code. Could this also be where the Caucasian was introduced? Is the introduction of Caucasian related to the RH-blood factor.This would lend credence that the RH-negative factor was introduced from an outside source. Could the source be from human like beings from another planet? Or maybe we are just as alien as they are, in that, we are a product of their manipulation and interference. Could they have come here and manipulated life forms already present on earth to create modern man?Many ancient texts, including, the Bible, do support this theory. Many stories in the ancient texts, especially pre-Christian texts, do tell about a race that from the Heavens to the Earth Came. In the Bible,  man saw them as gods, living long lives and performing miracles. In the Book of Enoch, which never quite made it officially into the Bible as it was considered idolatrous and too concerned with the story of the angels, the Nephilim and fallen angels are referred to in detail.The book was written by Enoch who was a very interesting and creative Biblical character. He was considered to be the same historical figure as Abraham in the Talmud. It is believed he was closely connected to Archangel Metatron, who, although he sounds more like a Power Ranger, is believed to be the highest of all the Archangels and the closest to God. Some believe he is the angel who greets you at the spiritual bridge between earth and heaven which technically makes him the Grim Reaper. In Greek mythology he is considered the equivalent of Hades who took spirits across the Styx to the Underworld.Watch an extraordinary video about the Nephilim below and read more about your possible origins here.This article was originally published in 2014 and is frequently updated








Two people who were connected to the Flint water company investigation were both found dead in the space of a week this month. Water Treatment Plant Foreman, Matthew McFarland, and the woman leading the lead poisoning suit, Sasha Avonna Bell, were found dead within days of each other.Vigilantcitizen.com reports:The Flint water crisis began exactly two years ago, on April 2014, when Flint changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water to the Flint River – to which officials had failed to apply corrosion inhibitors. Almost immediately, Flint residents complained about the water’s color, taste and odor. In the following months, numerous water issues arose, with little to no governmental action to fix them.Far from taking decisive action, governments denied that the water was toxic.While the local outcry about Flint water quality was growing in early 2015, Flint water officials filed papers with state regulators purporting to show that “tests at Flint’s water treatment plant had detected no lead and testing in homes had registered lead at acceptable levels.” The documents falsely claimed that the city had tested tap water from homes with lead service lines, and therefore the highest lead-poisoning risks; in reality; the city does not know the locations of lead service lines, which city officials acknowledged in November 2015 after the Flint Journal/MLive published an article revealing the practice after obtaining documents through the Michigan Freedom of Information Act.
– Robin Erb, Flint doctor makes state see light about lead in waterThe net result is that over 10,000 children (mostly Black) were exposed to water contaminated with lead. Lead poisoning has devastating effects on the brain:Childhood lead exposure causes a reduction in intellectual functioning and IQ, academic performance, and problem-solving skills, and an increased risk of attention deficit disorder, aggression, and hyperactivity. According to studies, children with elevated levels of lead in the blood are more likely as adults to commit crimes, be imprisoned, be unemployed or underemployed, or be dependent on government services.
– Julie Mack, Lead levels elevated for thousands of Michigan children outside of FlintA massive investigation is now underway and lawsuits are being filed. And things are turning uglier.Cover UpNow that the federal government opened an investigation on the issue, news emerging from Flint are downright sordid.First, in March, important documents went missing, the police openly admits that it was an inside job, and that the crime will most likely remain unresolved.Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan city’s water system.Nearly three months later, officials have confirmed that a TV went missing, but little else is known, according to the Flint Journal.Without suspects or a firm handle on what else may have been swiped, authorities told the paper last week that the crime may remain unsolved.No warrants have been issued in the case, but officials don’t shy away from speculative statements that stop just short of conspiracy theories.“It was definitely an inside job,” police chief Tim Johnson told the Journal. “The power cord (to the TV) wasn’t even taken. The average drug user knows that you’d need the power cord to be able to pawn it.”“It was somebody that had knowledge of those documents that really wanted to keep them out of the right hands, out of the hands of someone who was going to tell the real story of what’s going on with Flint water.”Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan city’s water system.
– Washington Post, The mystery surrounding missing water files at Flint City Hall: ‘It was definitely an inside job’On April 16th, Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland (who had been interviewed regarding the water crisis) was found dead at the young age of 43. Cause of death? Unknown.Already reeling from the news of criminal charges against one of its workers in the wake of the Flint water crisis, city workers are now dealing with the sudden death of a foreman at the plant.Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland, 43, of Otter Lake died suddenly on on Saturday, April 16, according to his obituary.The Lapeer County Sheriff’s Department said a friend found McFarland unresponsive at a home in Otter Lake. There were no signs of foul play.An autopsy did not determine a cause of death and police are awaiting toxicology reports. The investigation remains open.“My thoughts and prayers go out to Matt’s co-workers, his family and especially his children,” said Flint Mayor Karen Weaver. “He worked for the City of Flint for more than 18 years and we thank him for his devotion and service.”“We all have been brought together by this water crisis and we are all mourning his death,” Weaver said in a statement. “In lieu of flowers, the family has expressed they would appreciate donations to establish a fund for (his children) Vance and Ella’s college expenses.”McFarland’s death comes as Flint’s water plant deals with news that Flint Utilities Manager Michael Glasgow is one of three men facing criminal charges in connection with the city’s water crisis.Glasgow is accused of tampering with evidence when he allegedly changed testing results to show there was less lead in city water than there actually was. He is also charged with willful neglect of office.Michigan Department of Environmental Quality employees Stephen Busch and Michael Prysby are charged with misconduct in office, conspiracy to tamper with evidence, tampering with evidence and violations of the Michigan Safe Drinking Water Act.Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette’s office confirmed that McFarland was previously interviewed as part of its ongoing investigation into the city’s water crisis.
– mlive, Flint water plant continues to reel with sudden death of foremanA few days later, a 19-year old woman leading the Flint water crisis lawsuit was found shot dead in her home. A culprit was arrested. Was he a patsy?A woman at the center of a bellwether Flint water crisis lawsuit was one of two women who were shot to death inside a townhouse earlier this week.Sasha Avonna Bell was one of the first of a growing number of people to file a lawsuit in connection to the Flint water crisis after she claimed that her child had been lead poisoned.Bell was found dead April 19 in the 2600 block of Ridgecrest Drive at the Ridgecrest Village Townhouses. Sacorya Renee Reed was also found shot to death in the home.An unharmed 1-year-old child was also found inside of the Ridgecrest home when Bell’s body was discovered and was taken into custody by child protective services. Police declined to confirm if it was Bell’s child discovered in the home.“Sasha was a lovely young woman who cared deeply for her family, and especially for her young child,” said her attorney Corey M. Stern. “Her tragic and senseless death has created a void in the lives of so many people that loved her. Hopefully, her child will be lifted up by the love and support from everyone who cared deeply for Sasha.”Bell’s case was one of 64 lawsuits filed on behalf of 144 children by Stern’s firm, New York-based Levy Konigsberg, and Flint-based Robinson Carter & Crawford.The lawsuit named six companies that had various responsibilities with respect to the treatment, monitoring, and safety of the Flint water prior to and during the Flint water crisis, according to her attorneys. The case also named three individual government, or former government, employees who played significant roles in the alleged misconduct that led to the alleged poisoning of thousands of children in Flint, her attorneys claim.The Bell case, however, played an important role in determining the future of the more than five dozen other lawsuits that were filed.
– mlive, Woman in leading Flint water crisis lawsuit slain in twin killingEverything about this story is revolting and dirty facts are emerging from everywhere. However, mass media largely ignores this story. Those that do are flooded with comments about “tin foil hats” and “conspiracy nutters”. It is as if shills are paid kill that story online … or maybe that poisonous lead has already done its debilitating, mind-numbing job.








Donald Trump has publicly spoken out about the dangers of vaccinations, and has said he believes that vaccines cause autism.Acknowledging that the subject matter is controversial, Trump said “I couldn’t care less. I’ve seen people where they have a perfectly healthy child, and they go for the vaccinations and a month later the child is no longer healthy.”Intergalacticvault.com reports:“I’ve gotten to be pretty familiar with the subject,” Trump went on to say.“You know, I have a theory — and it’s a theory that some people believe in — and that’s the vaccinations. We never had anything like this. This is now an epidemic.It’s way, way up over the past 10 years. It’s way up over the past two years.And, you know, when you take a little baby that weighs like 12 pounds into a doctor’s office and they pump them with many, many simultaneous vaccinations — I’m all for vaccinations, but I think when you add all of these vaccinations together and then two months later the baby is so different then lots of different things have happened. I really — I’ve known cases.”








A historic lawsuit has been filed in California after a widespread cover-up of Bernie Sanders’ landslide victory at the primary election earlier in the week.The lawsuit will require the counting of all the provisional ballots, which Sanders says gives him a landslide win in the state.Justicegazette.org reports:The theft of California hasn’t deterred Sanders from his course. He has promised to fight on while noting it is a steep uphill climb. Given all the states where vote fraud in favor of Hillary Clinton has been allowed to swing primaries from Sanders to Clinton, it is in fact a steep uphill climb to restore democracy and force the now undemocratic Democratic Party to nominate the man the vast majority of American voters have voted for or tried to vote for.It has been learned from poll workers that 50% to 90% of voters who were supposed to have been eligible to vote in the Democratic primary were told they would have to vote provisional ballots. There were two irregularities leading to the forced use of provisional ballots instead of regular ballots. The first was that previously registered voters’ names had been removed from the rolls. The second was that someone (in most cases, not the voter) had marked them as vote by mail voters but they had received no ballot in the mail. Oddly, virtually all of those not allowed to vote and forced to vote provisional ballots were Bernie Sanders supporters.The next oddity is even more curious. Poll workers in Los Angeles and Orange County report that Bernie won the electronic votes in their precincts by well over a 2 to 1 margin, the opposite of the result of the vote count. The contrast between this and the outcome is indicative of vote-flipping. Also the outcome.. outcome does not match what anyone who has conducted polling in this state knows: Below the election night video is a video about black box voting (Hacking Democracy) , The Democratic Party has essentially endorsed this video, showing it at various conventions and another video of a computer programmer confessing to creating a vote-flipping program.If you add the lower figure of 50% of voters who were not allowed to vote regular ballots for Bernie to the votes he received, you wind up with a substantial Sanders landslide victory in California. The primary beneficiary of the fraud is Hillary Clinton.As for provisional ballots, acclaimed BBC reporter, author and election fraud expert Greg Palast calls them “placebo ballots.” Greg is the reporter who exposed the voter fraud in Florida in 2000. Nightline used his footage in covering the story. Here is from Greg’s article, “How California is being stolen from Sanders right now.”“As I’ve previously reported, provisional ballots are “placebo” ballots that let you feel like you’ve voted, but you haven’t. Provisional ballots are generally discarded.”The Justice Gazette has conducted considerable polling and the official results reflect the opposite of how people said they were going to vote. At the California Democratic Convention most of the elected delegates were “Bernie or Bust.” Ask yourself, when Sanders gets enthusiastic crowds of thousands in California (sixty thousand according to police in Oakland alone) compared to laid- back crowds of hundreds for Clinton, who voted for Clinton? Ask your neighbors, co-workers and fellow students if they voted for her and then start asking how she supposedly won the election without the support of the voters. Or just look at Alameda County (Berkeley, Oakland), where Sanders was greeted by a hundred thousand active supporters, where Clinton is very unpopular and where Clinton’s percentage and Sanders percentage appear to be the exact reversal of what the residents of that county know to be the case. If you walked into any store or group setting, other than a Clinton gathering, and asked who was going to vote for Clinton, you would find that nobody or maybe one or two people would be considering voting for her. Almost all the rest would be planning to vote for Bernie Sanders. We know. At the Justice Gazette, reporters did just that.Poll workers in Orange and Los Angeles County have reported that Bernie won the electronic votes in their precincts by well over a 2 to 1 margin. So how does this translate into a victory for Clinton? Ask yourself why an excited crowd of thousands came to the election night event of a loser when this kind of crowd has never come to the event of a primary loser in California’s history. Perhaps this is because Sanders didn’t lose. Votes can be flipped in less than a minute by someone walking into the Registrars office. Watch Bev Harris’s documentary Hacking Democracy and the video of a confession on the creator of a program designed to do just that below.Prior to going into the California primary, it was known that Sanders was going to insist that the Democratic National Convention nominate the winner of the California primary. Clinton is very unpopular in California and it would have been impossible for her to acquire the votes to win legitimately. There was only one way for Clinton to win and that was to rig the election. Those running the Democratic Party have made it clear, following the known rigging of elections in other states, that they either consider election fraud and rigging a proper way to win a nomination or don’t care if a candidate wins this way.Back to forcing the majority of Sanders voters to vote uncounted provisional ballots. You may ask, how Hillary knew who to disenfranchise? There are multiple ways. First, new voters were overwhelmingly planning to vote for Bernie. Second, of the NPP (no party preference) voters, the vast majority were Sanders supporters. But it may also be the Sanders campaign that owes the voters an apology for letting Clinton know which voters to disenfranchise.Last December the relationship between NGP Van and Clinton and that Van’s apparent willingness to engage in unethical conduct on behalf of the Clinton campaign was widely exposed. Yet, the primary applications the Sanders campaign uses for canvassing were obtained from NGP Van. One of the main application programs the Sanders campaign used for canvassing is called Minivan. It is well known that many many, if not most, manufacturers leave a backdoor allowing them to re-access programs.In Arizona, Sanders poll workers were told on the last day before the election that it was known that their MiniVan program had been hacked and that on that pre-election day, people would be using paper canvassing sheets. This was just for the last minute stuff. Almost all the canvassing had been done already in Arizona. What did the Sanders volunteers tell MiniVan (and possibly the Clinton campaign) about the voters they canvassed or called? They marked if the person was: “Strong Sanders,” “Leaning Sanders,” “Strong Clinton,””Leaning Clinton,” or “Undecided,” among other things. If you were Clinton and you wanted to disenfranchise millions of voters, wouldn’t it be nice to know who is supporting your opponent? For the record, reporters for the Justice Gazette did bring their concerns about MiniVan to the attention of the Sanders campaign following Arizona. However, the campaign went back to using this in state after state.While the public is mostly loyal to Sanders, some question the loyalty of some of his staffers. Canvassers were given wildly inaccurate precinct phone and walking lists that left off most of the voters who were planning to support Sanders. Canvassers were supposed to skip about 20 or more houses for every one they hit. Usually the one selected had the wrong occupant while the new occupants of the selected houses as well as people who were supposed to be passed over in the other 20, often said they were registered and planning to vote for Bernie to canvassers who chose to speak to them anyway. It was pointed out to the campaign that it would have been easier and more productive to go door to door to all the houses than to search around for the one inaccurate address on a street a mile from the last address.Another key alert as to possible infiltrators was the odd treatment of the press. While Correct the Record and reporters/hackers from other organizations and media groups promoting Clinton were treated like royalty, members of the press who had gone on record supporting Sanders were often treated with contempt by certain members of the team running logistics at the rallies. Correct the Record (the PAC paying a million dollars to hackers who put child pornography on Sanders facebook pages and then got them closed down) was given the best filming location in San Pedro after that same prime filming location had been denied to news teams favorable to Sanders. On election night, several reporters favorable to Sanders commented on how rudely they were being treated. Reginald Hubbard and Jesse Cornett who reportedly threatened some of the mild-mannered, more loyal press with loss of equipment, removal or confiscation of their press credentials (which they had brought with them) and removal of the actual reporters from the event in response to polite questions about the sound arrangements. Most of the pro-Sanders reporters were placed on a riser near distorted speakers and denied access to the event’s sound boxes they had been promised and which were provided for other media. One reporter, a very sweet woman, who had been traveling on a bus following the candidate, seemed to disappear from the event after she reported that she had been rudely treated by these same staff people prior to the speech.The fix was in before the primary. An instructional video for poll workers told them to give provisional ballots to NPP voters, official conduct that would have been illegal in California. AP joined in the effort to try to fix the election by calling the nomination for Clinton the night before the election when AP knew or should have known that Clinton did not have enough pledged delegates and would not have enough on June 7th to be the nominee. This appears to have been part of the overall attempt to suppress the vote. As Sanders has repeatedly pointed out,“If there is a large turnout we will win. If there is a very large turnout we will win huge. If there is a low turnout, we will lose.”In spite of AP’s false call, the actual turnout was very large and, but for the suppression, the evidence supports the theory that Sanders would have won by a very wide margin.Overall, it was a tough night for Sanders supporters. The average American is not about to support Hillary Clinton. Nobody at the election night event believed there was any accuracy in the results. Despite the officials results (which left off half or more of the voters), the Sanders supporters were optimistic as they knew in their hearts that Sanders had won California. With the election rigging and theft so obvious, the bulk of the public does not believe that Clinton is a legitimate nominee. The bulk of the Democratic voters will never accept Clinton or vote for her in the general election. Some are calling the theft of the nomination a “coup d’ etat,” “treason” and “sedition” on Clinton’s part.As for the voters who weren’t allowed to vote, the buck stop with two people: California Secretary of State and Clinton supporter Alex Padilla and Hillary Clinton, herself, the candidate who benefited from the voter suppression. Almost everyone in American knows or is related to one of Clinton’s victims. Clinton’s apparent crimes are against the American people and this matters more than whether a clown is running as a nominee the other party. America has survived racist clown Presidents in the past but is not about to endure a President who has committed crimes that have destroyed the right to vote of people they know.The crowd at the Sanders rally is not going to give up. In fact they are energized and angry and most of them have as their top goal, defeating Hillary Clinton in all elections. If Bernie were to endorse her, his supporters would be saddened and many would feel betrayed, but the Sanders voters have made it clear that they will not follow Bernie to Clinton.In view of the information from polling place workers about Sanders winning by more than a 2 to 1 margin and in view of the removal of 2/3 or more of his votes from the official results, the Justice Gazette declares Bernie Sanders the landslide winner of the 2016 California Primary Election.








President-elect Donald Trump believes vaccines are responsible for the autism epidemic and he has promised to find out the truth and “save our children and their future” when he takes office in January.Trump dismissed the official claim that there is no link between vaccines and autism, claiming there has been a cover up to suppress the truth and that “nay-sayers will understand soon.”“[W]e’ve had so many instances, people that work for me. Just the other day, two years old, two and a half years old, a child, a beautiful child went to have the vaccine, and came back, and a week later got a tremendous fever, got very, very sick, now is autistic.”Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes – AUTISM. Many such cases!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2014During a GOP a primary debate with Trump, Dr. Ben Carson claimed there is no “documented proof” that vaccines are responsible for autism, however Dr. Carson, a neuroscientist, conceded that “it is true that we are probably giving way too many in too short a period of time.”"@P01YN0NYM0U55:  @jamandatrtl #vaccines #Shills insist #Autism starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after #vaccine"— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2014Trump’s response echoes one he gave on Fox News in April 2012, in which he also related the story of a child of one of his employees who was damaged after receiving vaccines.“I’ve gotten to be pretty familiar with the subject,” Trump told Fox News’ Fox & Friends. “You know, I have a theory — and it’s a theory that some people believe in — and that’s the vaccinations. We never had anything like this.“This is now an epidemic. It’s way, way up over the past 10 years. It’s way up over the past two years. And, you know, when you take a little baby that weighs like 12 pounds into a doctor’s office and they pump them with many, many simultaneous vaccinations — I’m all for vaccinations, but I think when you add all of these vaccinations together and then two months later the baby is so different then lots of different things have happened. I really — I’ve known cases.”The vaccine autism link recently came under federal scrutiny when Florida US Congressman Bill Posey noted before a House committee the testimony of Center for Disease Control whistleblower Bill Thompson, who claimed the agency colluded with researchers to destroy documents linking the injection to thousands of autism cases.I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children & their future.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2014On July 29, US Congressman Bill Posey made his last stand on the floor of the House. Granted five minutes to speak, he exposed lies by the CDC in the infamous 2004 study that exonerated the MMR vaccine and claimed it had no connection to autism.“No connection to autism” was the lie. Congressman Posey read a statement by long-term CDC researcher William Thompson, one of the authors of the 2004 Pediatrics study designed to determine once and for all if the MMR vaccine has contributed to the autism epidemic.“…the [CDC] co-authors scheduled a meeting to destroy documents related to the [MMR vaccine] study. The remaining four co-authors all met and brought a big garbage can into the meeting room and reviewed and went through all the hard copy documents that we had thought we should discard and put them in a huge garbage can.”With Trump in the White House with full executive powers the vaccine autism link is about to come under it’s most severe scrutiny yet.








Adele “shapeshifted into an eight-foot reptilian” backstage at Auckland’s Mount Smart Stadium after the final concert of her world tour, according to shocked fans and a reporter from the New Zealand Herald. The ten super fans, invited backstage to meet Adele after her final New Zealand show, got more than they bargained for when the singer “shapeshifted” into a “massive, at least eight or nine feet tall, powerfully built reptilian” with “greenish-grey scales“, to quote one of the witnesses.Jim Joint, reporting for the New Zealand Herald, wrote that the super fans told him Adele had “flickering reptile eyes with a black stripe down the middle” and “scaly horns and protrusions” all over her body.“She looked shocked, like she wasn’t prepared for the change,” a witness told the Herald.Adele fan Jesse Warren also told the Herald that Adele said the shapeshifting is “crippling her” and she “can’t go on” until she learns to stop the reptile inside herself from manifesting itself in public.“Adele said she won’t be able to perform live or tour again until she learns to control the shapeshifting.”[Editor’s Note: The screen shots from the New Zealand Herald newspaper article were sent to us by Jesse Warren, an Adele fan who says she was invited backstage. According to Jess, the NZ Herald deleted the article shortly after publication.]Warning readers to “hold onto their hats”, the New Zealand Herald writer claims that a number of fans who were invited backstage to meet Adele witnessed the British singer “shapeshift into a giant lizard” and then apologize for scaring them, explaining that she meant no harm and is a “good reptilian.”The New Zealand Herald has not responded to questions asking why they deleted the article from their website, or if they were acting under outside orders.It would not be the first time a news outlet or social media platform was forced to censor content relating to celebrity reptilian shapeshifting, with Twitter notorious for deleting tweets and shadow banning  accounts whenever a celebrity is seen in reptilian form by members of the public.A report about Justin Bieber being seen by his fans in reptilian form, published by Australian news outlet Perth Today, was deleted on the same day it was published, with experts claiming the newspaper was instructed to delete the article by the global elite.In January, Caitlyn Jenner was also seen shapeshifting at a restaurant in Malibu, Los Angeles. Twitter erupted with tweets and retweets and #ReptilianCaitlyn entered the top 10 trending topics. However Twitter cracked down on the tweets, claiming they breached the platform’s Hateful Conduct rules, and the trending topic was suppressed.Music industry reptilian-Illuminati Jesse Warren told Your News Wire that she and her fellow Adele fans are now convinced that longstanding industry rumours are true: Adele is a member of the reptilian-humanoid race that has infiltrated the music industry Illuminati and are using pop culture to spread their agenda and indoctrinate impressionable young people.According to historians there have been sightings of reptilians around the world at regular intervals throughout history, however it is widely believed that we are now in a golden age of reptilian sightings.  There is a belief that the world is gaining consciousness, waking up, and that the veil is slowly lifting.Experts are saying that more people than ever before have developed the ability to witness shapeshifting, however two people watching the same scene will not necessarily both be able to discern the shapeshifting reptilian.It is said that Queen Elizabeth, a high priestess of the dominant reptilian-Illuminati bloodline, is the most commonly sighted shapeshifting reptilian in the world, however sightings of celebrity reptilians, including music industry and Hollywood stars, are becoming more and more common.








A mother in India says she has given birth to a Nephilim son, claiming that her offspring is actually a reincarnation of a Hindu god.The Nephilim are thought to be the offspring resulting from sexual relations between the sons of God and daughters of men. In Hebrew the word literally means “to fall”. As in fallen angel. The Bible, the Talmud and the Koran (where they are referred to as Djinn) all speak of fallen angels.The mother of four, Khalida Begum, gave birth to the unnamed baby boy on Monday, and says she was ‘shocked’ when she saw his alien-like appearance.Metro.co.uk reports:Doctors in India diagnosed the boy with extremely rare genetic condition harlequin ichthyosis, which gives sufferers thick skin and deformed features, locals said.Villagers in Kadamgachi in Kathihar, are now flocking to the family home, believing he is an incarnation of Hindu monkey god Hanuman, it has been reported.His mother said: ‘Several body parts of the baby is not completely developed.‘When I saw the baby after delivery for the first time, I was completely shocked to see the alien-looking boy.‘I couldn’t believe that I had a delivered an alien-like boy. I was so shocked and saddened by this that I asked the midwife to take the baby out of my sight.‘My other children were born healthy without any deformity. That’s why it took me sometime to absorb the shock.’The boy’s father, Mohammed Imtiyaz added: ‘Maybe God has sent him as an exhibit.’Local sources said the boy was not expected to survive.








New evidence has emerged that NASA astronaut Lt Col Ellison Onizuka witnessed footage of dead aliens who were experimented on in Roswell. According to former NASA spacecraft operator Clark C McClelland, Onizuka revealed to him shortly before his death that he had seen disturbing footage of dead aliens that appeared humanoid in shape, as part of NASA’s psychological assessment of its astronauts at the time.In an article, titled Alien Disclosure, Mclelland claims:“They were all startled when a view of a facility similar to a medical examination room appeared on the screen, and small bodies were observed lying on slabs. He heard several excited comments by the other officers seated near him. The small, strange looking creatures were humanoid in shape and appeared similar to those described by alleged witnesses at the well-known Roswell site in the Southwest USA in 1947. They all had large heads, large eyes, slight torsos, arms, and legs. They did not appear to be of earthly origin.”
Disclose.tv reports:In the article, titled Alien Disclosure From an Astronaut, Mclelland claims:Why NASA would have shown astronauts footage of alien corpses is unclear although Mclelland posited the notion that it could have been some kind of psychological test to see how the astronauts reacted to the footage.Mclelland, of course, has been widely criticized for some of his outlandish claims in the past and despite claiming to be a former NASA ScO (Spacecraft operator) isn’t listed on the websites of NASA or any other similar government agencies who would normally keep records of said individuals.Whether this is due to him never having been an astronaut or the government having expunged all his official records is a matter still being disputed. Mclelland said of his lack of official records on his website:“History is created, manipulated, and written by those who are predominantly on the victorious side of the nation which has supreme political — and especially military — dominance. Any “truth” which has the slightest potential of weakening their total hold over the masses is not tolerated.” Mclelland in his defense does have written testimony from former astronauts who are listed on the NASA website that he did indeed work for NASA in some capacity. He is also far from the first former NASA employee who claims to have seen evidence of aliens, several of whom were astronauts.The number of stories surrounding the Roswell incident is are numerous and in addition to the witnesses who saw the crash at the time an ever increasing number of individuals have come forward in the decades since claiming to have seen footage of alien autopsies, bodies and the crash site itself.It is widely believed that the remains of the aliens that crashed at Roswell were taken to Area 51, the top secret U.S military base located in the Nevada desert.The military at the time claimed that the crashed craft was merely a weather balloon although more recently admitted that the balloon was in fact used for nuclear test surveillance.








Justin Bieber “shapeshifted into a reptilian” while greeting fans who had waited for him to arrive at Perth Airport, Australia, according to hundreds of witnesses who took to social media and were interviewed by local press after the incident.One witness, interviewed by news outlet Perth Now, said that “all hell broke loose” in the airport after Justin Bieber shapeshifted in front of his fans. “There were girls hiding in toilets, crying. Guys were running for the exits, jumping in taxis to get out of there.”Perth Now briefly published an article about the incident on Sunday featuring multiple interviews with witnesses, however within an hour of publication the article was taken down and scrubbed from the internet – but not before alert readers captured screenshots of the article and proof that it appeared on Google.Perth Now has not responded to questions about why they deleted the article from their website, or if they were acting under outside orders.It would not be the first time a news outlet or social media platform was forced to censor content relating to celebrity reptilian shapeshifting, with Twitter notorious for deleting tweets and user accounts whenever a famous figure is seen in reptilian form by members of the public.“Golden age of shapeshifting reptilian sightings”The Perth Now article quoted witnesses that saw Bieber with eyes “with a black stripe down the middle” and “big scaly claws that were lashing out angrily.”One traumatized fan with tickets for Bieber’s upcoming concerts claimed she “won’t be going to any now, no way.“Despite the removal of the article from the internet, the reptilian sightings continued the next morning, after Bieber left his $25,000-a-night Chairman’s Villa hotel room at Crown Towers and was spotted in camouflage shorts and white t-shirt at nearby Leederville skate park.“He was hanging around with this big guy, his bodyguard I guess, and we were just staring because he kept turning into a huge reptile,” said a local skater. “His bodyguard was pointing at us, shouting that he’d kick our teeth in if we didn’t put our phones away.”There were multiple accounts of seeing Bieber with “greenish-brown claws“, and one account claiming they saw him covered in “turd colored scales,” while others claim to have seen the Sorry hitmaker in “full female reptilian form.”“Really big, like way over six foot, slitty little reptile eyes, curves, and covered in scales.”Experts claim Bieber belongs to the Babylonian Brotherhood – a group of shapeshifting reptilian humanoids determined to control the world and usher in the New World Order.According to historians there have been sightings of reptilians around the world at regular intervals throughout history, however it is widely believed that we are now in a golden age of reptilian sightings.  There is a belief that the world is gaining consciousness, waking up, and that the veil is slowly lifting.It is said that Justin Bieber, a member of the dominant reptilian-Illuminati bloodline, is becoming one of the most commonly sighted shapeshifting reptilians in the world.Two people watching the same scene will not necessarily both be able to discern the shapeshifting reptilian, however experts are saying that more people than ever before have developed the ability to witness reptilians manifest in their true form.








The chemical weapons attack that killed 58 people in Syria appears to have been a false flag “media campaign” planned well in advance to oust President Assad.So far, 58 people have been killed as a result of the deadly gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhun on Tuesday morning. Just hours after the incident occurred, Western media outlets and governments were quick to condemn the Syrian government, claiming that the “Assad regime bears responsibility for ‘awful’ Syria ‘chemical’ attack.”However, details about the attacks, as told by the White Helmets, appears to be full of holes.As can be seen in the picture below, the Al-Qaeda affiliated White Helmets are handling the corpses of injured people without wearing proper safety gear.While making this fake video the #whitehelmets didn't realise Sarin 1st responders need full body suits as it will kill via skin contact. pic.twitter.com/vyw3BqnKhI— Partisangirl (@Partisangirl) April 4, 2017Within seconds of exposure to sarin, the gas aggressively targets the muscles and nervous system. There is an almost immediate release of the bowels and the bladder, and vomiting is induced. When sarin is used in a highly populated area, it usually leads to the deaths of thousands of people. So why are the White Helmets apparently handling bodies without any concern for their skin?Almasdarnews.com reports:It also raises the question why a “doctor” in a hospital full of victims of sarin gas has the time to tweet and make video calls. This will probably be dismissed and forgotten however.@maytham956 Hmm…'Patients are flooding in' YET this 'doctor' (seems the main source of 'gas attack') has time to film, tweet and videocalls…#Syria pic.twitter.com/SfLOfjE2pG— Malinka (@Malinka1102) April 4, 2017It is known that about 250 people from Majdal and Khattab were kidnapped by Al-Qaeda terrorists last week. Local sources have claimed that many of those dead from the chemical weapons were those from Majdal and Khattab.This would suggest that on the eve of upcoming peace negotiations, terrorist forces have once again created a false flag scenario. This bares resemblance to the Ghouta chemical weapons attack in 2013 where the Syrian Army was accused of using the weapons of mass destruction on the day that United Nations Weapon’s Inspectors arrived in Damascus.Later, in a separate chemical weapon usage allegation, Carla del Ponte, a UN weapons inspector said that there was no evidence that the government had committed the atrocity. This had however not stopped the calls for intervention against the Syrian government, a hope that the militant forces wished to eventuate from their use of chemical weapons against civilians in Khan-al-Assal.Therefore, it is completely unsurprising that Orient TV has already prepared a “media campaign” to cover the Russian and Syrian airstrikes in Hama countryside against terrorist forces, with the allegations that the airforces have been using chemical weapons. And most telling, there announcement of covering the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government, hours before this allegation even emerged…….. Seems like someone forgot to tell him that it would not occur for a few more hours before his tweet.Orient TV reporter : "tomorrow we are launching a media campaign to cover the airstrikes on Hama country side including the usage of CW" pic.twitter.com/tZ5SWdnHp7— Within Syria (@WithinSyriaBlog) April 4, 2017Meanwhile, pick up trucks have been photographed around bodies of those killed. Again, it must be questioned why there are people around sarin gas without any protective gear, and not affected at all when it can begin attacking the body within seconds? Also, the pick up trucks remain consistent to what local sources have said that many of those dead were kidnapped by Al-Qaeda terrorists from pro-government towns in rural Hama.Also, what is brought into question is where the location of the hose is coming from in the below picture, a dugout carved into the rock. This also suggests that the location is at a White Helmets base where there are dug out hiding spots carved into the mountainside and where they have easy access to equipment, as highlighted by Twitter user Ian Grant.Another angle of the "fire hose" location: Seems to be a #WhiteHelmets base, with hideouts dug into the rock pic.twitter.com/Vvl5bA12Q6— Ian Grant (@Gjoene) April 4, 2017In response to the allegations, the Syrian Arab Army soldiers in northern Hama denied the use of chemicals weapons today. This is consistent with the Russian Ministry of Defense who denied any involvement in the attack.The army “has not and does not use them, not in the past and not in the future, because it does not have them in the first place,” a military source said.And this of course begs the question. With the Syrian Army and its allies in a comfortable position in Syria, making advances across the country, and recovering lost points in rural Hama, why would they now resort to using chemical weapons? It is a very simple question with no clear answer. It defies any logic that on the eve of a Syria conference in Brussels and a week before peace negotiations are to resume, that the Syrian government would blatantly use chemical weapons. All evidence suggests this is another false chemical attack allegation made against the government as seen in the Khan-al-Assal 2013 attack where the terrorist groups hoped that former President Obama’s “red-line” would be crossed leading to US-intervention in Syria against the government.Most telling however, is that most recent report shows that the government does not deny striking Khan Sheikhun. Al-Masdar’s Yusha Yuseef was informed by the Syrian Army that the air force targeted a missile factory in Khan Sheikoun, using Russian-manufactured Su-22 fighter jet to carry out the attack. Most importantly, the Su-22’s bombs are unique and cannot be filled with any chemical substances, which is different than bombs dropped from attack helicopters. Yuseef was then told that the Syrian Air Force did not know there were any chemical substances inside the missile factory in Khan Sheikhoun. It remains to be known whether there actually were chemicals in the missile factory targeted by the airstrikes, or whether the terrorist forces used gas on the kidnapped civilians from the pro-government towns and brought them in the lorry trucks to the site of the airstrikes. Whether they were gassed by the militant forces, or the airstrikes caused a chemical weapon factory to explode, the gruesome deaths of children, seen foaming in the mouth because of the gas, lays in the hands of the terrorists.Therefore, it becomes evident that the area targeted was definitely a terrorist location, where it is known that the White Helmets share operation rooms with terrorist forces like Al-Qaeda as seen after the liberation of eastern Aleppo. Civilians and fighting forces, including Kurdish militias, have all claimed that militant groups that operate in Idlib, Hama and Aleppo countrysides, have used chemical weapons in the past. Therefore, before the war cries begin and the denouncement of the government from high officials in power positions begin, time must be given so that all evidence can emerge. However, this is an important factor that has never existed in the Syrian War, and the terrorist forces continue to hope that Western-intervention against the government will occur, at the cost of the lives of innocent civilians.








Adorable grandpa, Bernie Sanders, defends voters who supported Donald Trump for President, telling a rally in Boston: “Some people think the people who voted for Trump are racists and sexists and homophobes and deplorable folks. I don’t agree, because I’ve been there.”The U.S. Senator from Vermont spoke at an event on Friday evening staged by Our Revolution, a group set up after his insurgent, strongly impactful challenge to the establishment’s pick, Hillary Clinton, in the Democratic primary. Our Revolution aims, in Bernie’s words in Boston, to create “a Democratic Party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country”.Bernie Sanders’ remarks about Trump voters contained a direct shot at Clinton, who shared her true feelings about America’s white working class at a New York City fundraiser last September by stating “to be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump’s supporters in a basket of deplorables.“The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it. And unfortunately, there are people like that.”Clinton’s words became a central feature of the election, the “deplorables” label seized on by the Trump campaign and adopted as a badge of pride among the businessman’s supporters.In 2020, Democrats will attempt to win working-class voters in states such as Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, where Trump wins helped secure the presidency in the electoral college despite Clinton winning nearly 3m more ballots nationwide.Bernie Sanders, 75, appeared in Boston with Senator Elizabeth Warren from Massachusetts. Warren is seen by progressives as a possible Democratic Presidential candidate.“Let me tell you something else some of you might not agree with,” Bernie said. “It wasn’t that Donald Trump won the election, it was that the Democratic party lost the election.”With another jab at Clinton, he added: “We need a Democratic party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country, we need a party that is a grassroots party, where candidates are talking to working people not spending their time raising money for the wealthy and the powerful.“And when we do that, when we transform the Democratic party, we transform America.”The Guardian reports:Tensions between establishment and grassroots elements in the Democratic party – fueled by a primary fight that turned increasingly bitter – have persisted since the election.On Friday, Warren told the Our Revoultion event about her first meeting with Sanders.“So some of you know, I was a teacher, researcher, and was doing work about what was happening to America’s middle class,” she said. “This was several years back.“I got an invitation to come to dinner in Washington DC and I was told it would be with a lot of policy people so I did exactly what you expected me to do – I showed up with a bunch of charts and started talking about what was happening to hard-working families all across this country.”“One guy with bright white hair … got into it,” she said. “It was like nobody else was in the room. And that was sort of the start of it with Bernie Sanders.”In his speech, Sanders said: “You can tell the quality of a person by the enemies she makes, and to her credit Elizabeth Warren has made some wonderful enemies.”Sanders said such enemies included Wall Street and the pharmaceutical and fossil fuel industries. Trump is also no fan of Warren, whom he has repeatedly attacked on Twitter.








Hillary Clinton is dying and Huma Abedin is planning her funeral, according to emails between the former presidential candidate and her top aide made public by Judicial Watch on Wednesday. The emails also reveal that Hillary Clinton is demanding a full military funeral, involving a motorcade through Washington D.C. as part of a massive State-funded celebration of her life.The previously unseen emails between Clinton, Abedin and other colleagues were published by Judicial Watch as part of a cache of 1,184 pages of State Department records obtained by the conservative watchdog.In one notable email exchange, Capricia Marshall, ambassador and long-time friend to Hillary Clinton, sought to map out her – and Bill Clinton’s – funerals because “planning is best done when they are still with us.”“As well, Huma – I would make the same suggestion to you – for her it will be a little different … And once affirmed it will be very hard for someone to deny the type of ceremony she wanted — as well I understand that the President can request certain arrangements for her that she/her rep cannot (ie if you want the motorcade to go through DC — stop somewhere),” Marshall wrote.Marshall also told Abedin that she had to involve the military in preparation for Hillary’s funeral — “as Protocol has a lot to do with planning, notification etc.”The news that Hillary Clinton is on her last legs corroborates reports that President Trump was told that Bill and Hillary Clinton are dying.According to a White House insider who works closely with the president, a merciful Trump took pity on Bill and Hillary Clinton upon hearing of their ill-health. Not because he approves of pedophilia, corruption, or murder, but because he is a spiritual man who can see that karma has caught up with them and is about to pay them back by the bucket load.“Their fate in hell far exceeds any punishment we could impose on that pair. We must concentrate on the network of crooks, pedophiles and traffickers that exist right now and prosecute them with the full force of the law,” Trump told the team in a closed-door meeting at the White House.Trump also believes that the Clintons are a fading force in US politics. Bill’s career is well and truly over and Hillary is a thoroughly defeated figure, languishing at rock bottom in nationwide approval rating polls.It is believed that a blockbuster Clinton trial would destabilize a country already racked by division, and a guilty verdict would transform the deeply unpopular duo from despised and rejected figures into undeserved martyrs.President Trump, playing the long game, does not wish to give the DNC this gift.According to the White House insider it is former president Obama, who has been ignoring the customary peaceful transferral of power, who is viewed as the greater threat to the Trump presidency.The White House insider also explained that the leaks coming out of the White House would “soon dry up” as Obama-era holdovers were removed, and staff loyal to the president were appointed to key positions of trust.








Evelyn Farkas, an Obama administration insider, has become the latest Democrat to roll over and squeal on her former comrades, telling MSNBC that she helped spy on Trump for Obama before he left office, and that Trump, not Russians, was the target of the illegal surveillance. Democrats ran an arrogant, sloppy spying campaign against Trump because they assumed that a Clinton victory was certain. They didn’t think Trump would ever be in a position to expose their crimes.They couldn’t have been more wrong. Now shellshocked Obama administration members are starting to rat on each other, trying to gain favor with the current administration and save themselves from being the ones to serve jail time.Evelyn Farkas, advisor to the Clinton campaign and Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense under Obama, has become the latest rat to depart the sinking ship. Speaking to MSNBC, she explicitly confessed that:Watch the video embedded in the tweet below to hear the Obama administration insider rat on her former boss live on MSNBC. This is what happens when you run a criminal enterprise involving a whole team of collaborators. Some of them crack. Secrets come out in the wash.https://twitter.com/Daniel_Ohana/status/846406459185418240Democrats are sweating, squirming and splitting hairs as they try to wriggle out of the “Worse than Watergate” wiretapping scandal.Although naive Democrats living in their liberal bubble like to say the Obama presidency didn’t have any scandals, their fantasy world is slowly but surely falling apart.It’s hard to believe anybody really believes Russia was the intended target of the Trump Tower surveillance.Trump was Obama’s political rival, after all.Even the most brainwashed liberals know, deep down in their heart of hearts, that Tricky Barry organized the surveillance in order to monitor the Trump campaign. Gaining the FISA warrant and claiming to be targeting imaginary Russians was simply Obama’s way of getting around the law.But Tricky Barry got caught out. There is no honor among thieves. His comrades have started ratting him out.This was a well coordinated attack on a Presidential candidate, but unlike when Nixon got caught in ’74, Obama doesn’t have the luxury of a sympathetic president in the Oval Office to pardon him.Evelyn Farkas is merely the latest Democrat to roll over and start squealing. As the heat continues to rise on the criminal Obama administration and Clinton campaign, it won’t be long before they are ripping each other to shreds, trying save their own skins at the expense of their former colleagues.Break out the popcorn and get comfortable. The show has begun.








John Podesta is facing jail time after it was revealed the former Clinton campaign manager broke federal law by covering up the fact he owned tens of thousands of shares in a Russian bank.By not declaring the 75,000 Kremlin-backed stock shares before joining Obama’s White House as a special counsellor, Podesta broke federal law.His fate now lies in the hands of U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions.Title 5 of the U.S. Code stipulates the Attorney General can file a civil action “against any individual who knowingly and willfully falsifies or who knowingly and willfully fails to file or report any information that such individual is required to report.”Daily Caller reports: Joule Unlimited Technologies — financed in part by a Russian firm — originally awarded Podesta 100,000 shares of stock options when in 2010 he joined that board along with its Dutch-based entities: Joule Global Holdings, BV and the Stichting Joule Global Foundation.When Podesta announced his departure from the Joule board in January 2014 to become President Obama’s special counsellor, the company officially issued him 75,000 common shares of stock.The Schedule B section of the federal government’s form 278 which — requires financial disclosures for government officials — required Podesta to “report any purchase, sale or exchange by you, your spouse, or dependent children…of any property, stocks, bonds, commodity futures and other securities when the amount of the transaction exceeded $1,000.”Podesta’s form 278 Schedule B is blank regarding his receipt of any stock from any company.Liberals and conservatives alike agree that Podesta should have disclosed the stock.“Well Podesta should certainly have been more upfront in filling this out.  Clearly, it should have been fully disclosed,” said Craig Holman, a lobbyist for the liberal group Public Citizen which was founded by Ralph Nader.  “That’s the point of the personal financial disclosure forms, especially for anyone entering the White House,” he told TheDCNF in an interview.“If the transfer of stock took place, it had to be disclosed,” added former U.S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova in an interview. “If he didn’t, clearly it’s a violation.”The same year Podesta joined Joule, the company agreed to accept 1-Billion-Rubles — or $35 million — from Rusnano, a state-run and financed Russian company with close ties to President Vladimir Putin.Anatoly Chubais, the company CEO and two other top Russian banking executives worked together with Podesta on the Joule boards. The board met six times a year.Ron Hosko, a former FBI assistant director said because of the Kremlin backing, it was essential Podesta disclose the financial benefits he received from the company.“I think in this case where you’re talking about foreign interests and foreign involvement, the collateral interest with these disclosure forms is put in the forefront of full disclosure of any foreign interest that you may have,” he told TheDCNF in an interview.He added that Russian money was a continuing concern because it could “become a counterintelligence concern for America.”“It’s a troubled question if you deliberately omit this information on the form,” Hosko, a 30-year veteran of the FBI told TheDCNF. “Were you completely truthful on this form that you filled out, yes or no?”Podesta took possession of the stock in January 2014, the same month he entered the White House, according to WikiLeaks.The existence of the 75,000 shares of Joule stock was first revealed by the Government Accountability Institute report issued last year.








An NBC news report claims that Hillary Clinton, while secretary of state, shut down an investigation into an elite pedophile ring in State Department ranks in order to avoid scandal and protect the careers of high ranking officials and an ambassador. The NBC investigation was broadcast at a time when they were a real news organization rather than a branch of the Democratic Party’s PR department, and provided internal State Department memos to back up claims of a massive Hillary Clinton elite pedophile ring cover-up.“Serious allegations concerning the State Department,” the NBC anchor announced, before launching into the disturbing details that mainstream media would be unable to report on in 2017.“According to internal State Department memos the agency might have called off or intervened into investigations into possibly illegal, inappropriate behavior within it’s ranks allegedly to protect jobs and avoid scandals.“This concerns a time when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.”“There is an old saying in Washington that the cover-up is worse than the crime. But in this case both parts of it are disturbing,” Chuck Todd continued.“Allegations of prostitution and pedophilia, and allegations that those crimes were somehow covered up or not looked into. So the State Department this morning is having to respond to those claims, and those investigations involve misconduct by State Department officials, including an Ambassador and security agents attached to then secretary of state, Hillary Clinton. “The allegations are that these investigations were whitewashed, quashed altogether, and that those orders came from high up.”“NBC has obtained documents relating to ongoing investigations into some disturbing allegations involving State Department personnel and at least one ambassador. A State Department memo says, quote, “the Ambassador routinely ditched his protective security detail in order to solicit sexual favors from both prostitutes and minor children. “The memo also says a top State Department official directed State Department investigators to “cease the investigation” into the ambassador’s conduct.” It’s just one of what another document describes as “several examples of undue influence” from top State Department officials.”Elite pedophile ringIn contrast to Clinton’s cover-up, President Trump has announced a federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking earlier this month and promised to help put an end to the “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place.”The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct “the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies” to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation.Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government “for some time” but since taking office in January the investigation has become “much more focused.”“It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.”








The British Prime Minister arrived in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday to strengthen bilateral ties and increase trade with the largest Arab economy despite its ‘human rights abuses’ in Yemen. Theresa May says it is in […]It looks increasingly likely that main stream western media and politicians who are accusing the Syrian government and Russia for the latest alleged “chemical attack”in Syria are spreading fake news in order to garner support […]A family in Texas are outraged that local police hovered a drone over their back yard without warning. The last thing Bobbie Sanchez expected to see when she walked out into her backyard last week, […]North Korea has reportedly test-fired a middle-range ballistic missile into the Sea of Japan The launch was reportedly carried out from the outskirts of the coastal city of Sinpo And has been strongly condemned by […]A spokesman for the Russian Defense Ministry has confirmed that the Syrian Air Force destroyed a warehouse in the Idlib province where chemical weapons were being produced and stockpiled before being shipped to Iraq. The […]Shockwaves are reverberating around the Kremlin after an extraordinary meeting called by Vladimir Putin yesterday during which the Russian president said that “95% of the world’s terrorist attacks are orchestrated by the CIA,” and the St. Petersburg metro […]Weeks after shocking the world by exposing the elite pedophile ring on mainstream television, Dr Phil has been canceled by Dutch Media RTL, with production insiders warning many territories are under intense pressure from powerful people […]British Prime Minister Theresa May has slammed the British National Trust for attempting to “airbrush Christianity from British life” after the organization banned use of the word “Easter” from it’s popular nationwide Easter egg hunt.   […]Pierre Omidyar, one of the worlds richest men and the founder of eBay, is set to spend $100M to crush free thought expression online under the guise of educating people and helping democracy. The funds are to be […]








A local resident rides a bicycle past a church in Xiaoshan, a commercial suburb of Hangzhou, the capital of China's east Zhejiang province December 21, 2006.
The government in China's coastal Zhejiang Province has ordered Christian churches to install surveillance cameras for "anti-terrorism and security ­purposes."In early March, the authorities mandated that Three-Self Churches in the province need to be equipped with surveillance cameras. Officials have been dispatched to forcibly set up the devices if the churches refuse the order, China Aid reported.Hundreds of police officers gathered at Changlin Church in Wenzhou, Zhejiang from March 21 to 24, in order to carry out the order. The officials destroyed the gate of the church and other parts of the building. Christians who resisted the efforts to install the cameras were beaten, and some women who positioned themselves outside the church for fear of possible church demolition were arrested.A local Christian said church members also questioned the need for additional surveillance as Three-Self Churches are already heavily monitored by the authorities.In a statement released on March 23, the Shengai Church in Pingyang County, Wenzhou accused the government of violating the privacy, disrupting the internal affairs of religious organizations, and breaking laws by installing the cameras. The church maintained that the government needs the permission of the congregation to install the devices, or it would otherwise result in an abuse of power and religious freedom.According to South China Morning Post, the order to churches in Wenzhou was issued late last year and was implemented before the Lunar New Year holiday in January.One pastor said that the installation of the cameras reminded him of the "cross demolitions" in 2014. During that campaign, around 360 crosses were removed, and one church was demolished. It gained international attention and drew criticism from religious rights organizations across the globe. Before the controversial campaign, crosses from more than 2,000 churches in Wenzhou dotted the city's skyline.Huang Yizi, a pastor from Wenzhou, was imprisoned for a year in 2015 for protesting against the removal of the crosses. He said that he has been closely monitored since last week when he told the international media about the installation of the cameras.One churchgoer said that the authorities had been setting up the devices one by one, but they have not yet installed one in his church."I don't support the government's decision and I hope they will not put monitoring equipment inside our church," said the churchgoer."We Christians do good deeds and we don't do anything to ­endanger the public. I don't understand why the government wants to monitor us. The government's pressure on us will not deter us from our beliefs and will not affect the ­proliferation of our religion. The tougher the persecution, the more people will be encouraged to follow the religion," he added.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Al Shabaab soldiers patrol in formation along the streets of Dayniile district in Southern Mogadishu, March 5, 2012.
Two women living in the U.S. were sentenced on Friday for providing financial assistance to the terror group al-Shabaab, which is active in Somalia and Kenya.Muna Osman Jama, 36, who hails from Reston, Virginia, received a 12-year prison sentence, while her co-conspirator, Hunda Dhirane, who is from Kent, Washington, was sentenced to 11 years, according to The Star, Kenya.The two women, who were originally from Somalia, were found guilty of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization in October last year. Court documents revealed that they sent money to al-Shabaab financiers in Somalia and Kenya, which they referred to respectively as the "Hargeisa side" and the "Nairobi side."The U.S. Department of Justice also noted that they were responsible for organizing what they referred to as a "Group of Fifteen," which included women from Somalia, Kenya, Egypt, the Netherlands, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and Canada, as well as Minneapolis, Minnesota.The "Group of Fifteen" met regularly in a private chatroom established by Jama in order to coordinate and track monthly payments to the "Hargeisa side," according to the documents.The money was used to fund al-Shabaab military operations in the Golis mountains in northern Somalia as well as two safe houses in the "Nairobi side."One of the safe houses was used to store weapons and to prepare for attacks while the other was used to treat al-Shabaab fighters who had been wounded in battle, the Department of Justice said.The FBI had recorded phone calls and other communications between the women and members of the "Group of Fifteen." The department believes that the recordings demonstrated that the women had close connections with the leaders of al-Shabaab and were privy to non-public, inside information concerning the terror group's activities."Jama and Dhirane were recorded as they laughed as the carnage at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi was still taking place. Dhirane and co-conspirator were also recorded as they laughed at the Boston Marathon Bombing before it became known who committed the attack," a statement from the Department of Justice read.Al-Shabaab had killed at least 69 people and left many others injured during the four-day siege at Westgate Mall.The women did not deny their sympathies for the terror group, but their lawyers maintained that the money they raised went to people who were not "clearly" defined as al-Shabaab members.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Protesters rally in the rotunda of the State Capitol as the state Senate meets to consider legislation restricting abortion rights in Austin, Texas, in this file photo taken July 12, 2013.
The Texas Senate has advanced a bill that would require abortion facilities to bury or cremate the remains of aborted babies instead of being discarded as medical waste.S.B. 258, introduced by Sen. Don Huffines (R-Dallas), was approved by the Senate on Wednesday by a vote of 22–9. Another vote is required before it heads to the House for consideration, according to Christian Network News.The legislation would require the Department of State Health Services to create a form that would allow a pregnant woman to select the method of disposition of the remains of the fetus. The woman may be required to pay for the costs if she selects burial or cremation to dispose of the remains.It also calls for the creation of a registry of non-profit organizations that are willing to provide financial support to mothers who are unable to pay for the burial of the baby. Abortion facilities that violate the rules would be fined $1,000 for each day of non-compliance.Huffines said that he felt the bill was necessary because he believes that the unborn should be treated with dignity."We're not going to treat it like we do a cancer, like a tumor, like a diseased organ. We are going to treat the unborn with dignity and respect," he stated.A similar bill was introduced by Rep. Byron Cook (R-Corsicana) in the House, but it failed to advance because of the concerns of abortion opponents who believe that the procedure should be outlawed altogether rather than regulated."When those on death row convicted of a most heinous crime are executed, we bury them," Cook said during a committee hearing."We don't put them down a garbage disposal or in a landfill. Even veterinary clinics have more human and dignified methods for placement of deceased animals," he added.In December, the Department of State Health Services finalized a similar rule at the request of Gov. Greg Abbott, but it was blocked by U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks who ruled that such requirements place an "undue burden on a woman's right to seek a previability abortion."Critics said that the rules will likely raise the costs for the abortion facilities, increase the stigma against women seeking abortions, and create logistical challenges for abortion providers across the state.Some Democratic senators questioned the purpose of the measure and said that the bill is essentially "flaunting" the injunction issued by Sparks in January.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








The entrance to Rollins College appears in a screen capture of a video from the school's YouTube channel.
Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Marshall Polston, a 21-year-old sophomore student, was suspended from Rollins College last week after he objected to the assertions of his professor, Areef Zufari, who claimed that Jesus' crucifixion never happened and his disciples did not believe that he was God.In another class discussion, Polston claimed that one Muslim student suggested that gays and adulterers should be beheaded under Sharia law. Polston said that he was reported to the dean of campus safety after he spoke to Zufari about the student's decapitation comments.Following his suspension, Zufari filed a police report against Polston, claiming he showed up outside of class even after he was suspended and told to keep away from the professor. The student disproved her allegations by producing a receipt and surveillance photo that showed him inside a restaurant over a half-hour away from the school during class.A letter from Rollins College, published by the Central Florida Post, indicated that Polston was found "not responsible" for the charges pertaining to his behavior."Community Standards and Responsibility has found that you have not crossed the threshold of violating our Code of Community Standards," Maeghan Rempala, Rollins's director of community standards and responsibility, stated in the letter."However, your behavior has not always been consistent with the values we abide by at the College. The evidence presented did show you have been aggressive, disrespectful, and at times, vulgar in multiple verbal and electronic communications with faculty, staff and students," the letter continued.Rempala went on to tell Polston to "reflect on how best to express your opinions and treat others in a respectful manner."Polston's attorney, Kenneth Lewis, thanked Rempala for conducting the investigation, The Daily Caller reported. However, he noted that Polston's character had been damaged due to Zufari's allegations and asserted that the professor needs to be investigated more than the student."We are calling on Rollins College to make a full inquiry as to Zufari's fitness to continue on at Rollins in any capacity," Lewis said.Rollins College caused controversy in 2013 after it expelled InterVarsity Christian Fellowship for not allowing non-Christian students to hold leadership positions. That same year, it also banned students from conducting Bible studies in the common areas of its dormitories.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Supporters of Planned Parenthood rally outside a Planned Parenthood clinic in Detroit, Michigan, U.S. February 11, 2017.
A federal judge has blocked Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin's efforts to close the state's only remaining abortion facility, which allegedly failed to meet licensing requirements.In March, the governor's office sent a letter to the EMW Women's Clinic in Louisville, informing it that the facility has failed to comply with state law that requires it to have hospital and ambulance agreements for patient emergencies. The officials warned the clinic that its license would be revoked unless it complied by April 3.Last week, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) filed a lawsuit on behalf of the clinic to challenge the governor's order. U.S. District Judge Greg Stivers issued a temporary restraining order on Friday to block Bevin's administration from shutting down the abortion facility.Doug Hogan, a spokesman for the Cabinet for Health and Family Services, which licenses and inspects abortion clinics, said that the officials were "surprised and disappointed" that the court issued the restraining order without input from the cabinet and without knowing the status of communications between both parties.The clinic denied that it had any deficiencies in its license and said that the cabinet's actions amounted to an unconstitutional effort to abolish abortion in the state, USA Today reported.Donald L. Cox, a lawyer for the EMW clinic, stated in the lawsuit that the clinic's closure "will have a devastating impact on Kentucky women" who have no other options in the state for abortion.Stiver noted in his order that the clinic's lawyers had exhibited "a strong likelihood of success on the merits" of their claim."Plaintiffs have laid out specific facts in their verified complaint showing that the rights of their patients would be immediately and irreparably harmed absent a temporary restraining (order) from this court," the order stated.Cox said that the restraining order against the state is valid for 14 days, and he expects the judge to schedule a hearing on the case before it expires.Bevin's administration had shut down another EMW abortion facility in Lexington last year after it was caught passing itself off as a doctor's office and performing abortions without a license.The State also sued a Planned Parenthood facility in Louisville in February 2016 after it was discovered that the clinic had performed 23 abortions without a license.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








David Daleiden appears in a screen capture of a video of his appearance at the 2016 Oregon Right to Life conference.
A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.On Wednesday, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld an injunction that barred Center for Medical Progress (CMP) from releasing the videos that were recorded at the gatherings of the National Abortion Federation, WRAL reported.CMP leader David Daleiden claimed that the unreleased recordings show Planned Parenthood officials discussing criminal conduct.The court panel argued that the videos do not show evidence of criminal activity and stated that the injunction "carefully balances the interests of NAF and law enforcement."Daleiden described the court decision as an "attack on the First Amendment" and vowed to keep fighting the gag order.Judge Consuelo Callahan dissented and said that law enforcement and state prosecutors should not be prevented from receiving undercover footage."I strongly disagree with my colleagues on the application of the preliminary injunction to law enforcement agencies. The injunction against Defendants sharing information with law enforcement agencies should be vacated because the public policy in favor of allowing citizens to report matters to law enforcement agencies outweighs NAF's rights to enforce a contract," Callahan wrote."I find no justification for not allowing Defendants to share the tapes with any law enforcement agency that is interested," she continued.The appeals court decision came after California Attorney General Xavier Becerra filed 15 felony charges against Daleiden and another CMP leader, Sandra Merrit.Becerra, who allegedly received campaign contributions from Planned Parenthood, accused the CMP leaders of breaking California's privacy law by filming their conversations with abortionists and others without their consent.Similar charges were filed against Daleiden and Merrit in Texas last year, but the case was eventually dismissed.On Wednesday, CMP released a new video showing a former Planned Parenthood employee talking about how she performs late-term abortions.In the video, DeShawn Taylor, a former medical director of Planned Parenthood of Arizona, explained that abortionists are supposed to transport a fetus to the hospital if it "comes out with any signs of life."When an undercover investigator asked whether there are any standard procedures for verifying signs of life, Taylor replied: "Well, the thing is, I mean the key is, you need to pay attention to who's in the room, right?"Taylor stated in the video that she does elective abortions on healthy fetuses and pregnant women up to 24 weeks. She also allegedly admitted that Planned Parenthood does its best to obtain intact fetal organs to sell.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








A bathroom sign welcomes both genders at the Cacao Cinnamon coffee shop in Durham, North Carolina, United States.
North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper has signed a bill that repeals the state's law which requires individuals to use public restrooms and locker rooms that correspond to the sex indicated on their birth certificates.The legislation repealing the controversial law known as HB2 was passed by the state House on Thursday by a vote of 32–16. The Senate approved it by a 70–48 vote, and it was signed by the governor that same day.Under the repeal known as HB142, city governments will not be allowed to pass discrimination laws for sexual orientation until December 2020. It also defers regulation of multiple occupancy restrooms, showers, or changing facilities to the General Assembly, which is controlled by Republicans, World Magazine reported.Both Democrats and Republicans admitted that the new legislation is not perfect, but they look forward to easing the tensions caused by HB2."This is a significant compromise from all sides on an issue that has been discussed and discussed and discussed in North Carolina for a long period of time," said North Carolina Senate leader Phil Berger."It is something that I think satisfies some people, dissatisfies some people, but it's a good thing for North Carolina," he added.Berger said that a give and take from both sides prompted the compromise. He noted that the new measure still protects restroom safety and privacy, adding that it can be strengthened with future legislation.The compromise came as the NCAA announced that North Carolina would not be considered for championship events from 2018 to 2022 as long as HB2 is in effect. The sports organization said that it would make its decisions regarding host cities this week and announced them in April.Earlier this week, The Associated Press published a report indicating that the state could lose over $3.76 billion over 12 years due to the boycotts caused by HB2.Gay rights activists criticized the new measure, saying that it is not a true repeal because it still denies them protection from discrimination."After more than a year of inaction, today North Carolina lawmakers doubled-down on discrimination," said Chad Griffin, president of Human Rights Campaign."This new law does not repeal HB2. Instead, it institutes a statewide prohibition on equality by banning non-discrimination protections across North Carolina and fuels the flames of anti-transgender hate. Each and every lawmaker who supported this bill has betrayed the LGBTQ community," he added.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks during a news conference in Ankara, Turkey, March 30, 2017.
Norine Brunson, the wife of Pastor Andrew Brunson, has met with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in the Turkish capital of Ankara on Thursday even though she was told days earlier that she had no chance of meeting with the diplomat.Although Norine had little hope of meeting with Tillerson, she went ahead with her trip to Ankara because she already had a plane ticket, and her husband said that he felt that God told him that he would meet with the Secretary of State."On Monday, Andrew told me he felt the Lord had said I would meet with Sec of State Tillerson. On Tuesday, I was told by the embassy and another senator that the meeting would NOT happen. I decided to come to Ankara anyway and arrived last night," Norine wrote on Facebook.She revealed that she met with another official from the State Department early in the afternoon and was later told that Tillerson would meet with her."PTL, I just had a 20 min meeting with Sec. of State Tillerson. I do not know what will come of it, considering the sensitive period Turkey is in, but was grateful for the opportunity," she continued.A State Department official said that Tillerson wanted to make sure that he meets with the Norine to share the most recent information he had about the pastor's case, Reuters reported.Andrew and Norine, who had served as missionaries in Turkey for 23 years, were initially detained and held for deportation in October. Norine was later released, but Andrew was kept in detention after he was accused of being involved in a terrorist organization.According to Turkish media reports, Andrew was charged with membership of the Gulenist Terror Organization, a term that was coined to refer to the network of U.S.-based Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen which is used by Turkish authorities.The government has accused Gulen and his followers of orchestrating the attempted coup last July, but the cleric denied the allegations.There has been some speculation that Erdogan is using the pastor as a bargaining chip to force the U.S. to extradite Gulen back to Turkey.Andrew's case was brought up during a press conference with Tillerson in Turkey, according to the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ), which is working to help free the pastor.Tillerson was in Ankara to meet with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and other government officials to discuss the Syrian conflict.Earlier this week, Andrew sent a letter to U.S. embassy officials asking President Donald Trump to intervene in his case. "I plead with my government — with the Trump Administration — to fight for me," the pastor wrote.A petition launched by the ACLJ calling for Andrew's freedom has been signed by over 241,000 as of Friday.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








An Arkansas bill banning sex-selective abortion was signed into law by Gov. Asa Hutchinson on Wednesday.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.House Bill 1434 or the Sex Discrimination By Abortion Prohibition Act was passed earlier this month by the Arkansas House of Representatives and Senate. It is scheduled to go into effect in January 2018.The legislation, sponsored by state Rep. Charlie Collins, would require abortionists to obtain medical records and information related to the pregnancy to help determine if the mother is seeking an abortion because of the baby's sex. Those who are found to be in violation of the law could face misdemeanor charges, fines and a license suspension or revocation, Life News reported.The new law was based on a model legislation from the pro-life group Americans United for Life (AUL), which lauded the governor for signing the bill."Arkansas's governor and legislative leaders are to be commended for addressing the shocking problem of sex selection abortions which disproportionately target baby girls," said AUL Vice President of Legal Affairs Denise Burke.Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in Arkansas indicated that they would likely challenge the new law in court.Last month, ACLU Arkansas Executive Director Rita Sklar claimed that the legislation is unconstitutional and described it as an intrusion on what should be "a woman's private decision.""Any legislation that bans abortion before the point of viability is unconstitutional, plain and simple," she said."There is very good potential for litigation because of this burden on women obtaining abortions that they want for whatever reason," she added.Planned Parenthood Great Plains spokesperson Ashley Wright argued that the law would "interfere with open, honest communication between doctors and patients."Arkansas is the 10th state to ban sex-selective abortions, according to Burke. Seven of these laws are currently either fully or partially in effect. Other that have similar laws include Arizona, Kansas, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and South Dakota.A poll conducted by the Charlotte Lozier Institute in 2012 indicated that 77 percent of Americans are in favor of laws banning abortions in cases where "the fact that the developing baby is a girl is the sole reason for seeking an abortion."William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Vice President Mike Pence cast a tie-breaking vote in the Senate on Thursday to pass a bill that would allow individual states to defund Planned Parenthood.








A sign protesting a recent North Carolina law restricting transgender bathroom access is seen in the bathroom stalls at the 21C Museum Hotel in Durham, North Carolina May 3, 2016.
A new study has suggested that the North Carolina's controversial bathroom bill could cost the state $3.76 billion in lost business over 12 years.The analysis by The Associated Press (AP) was based on data obtained from businesses and state officials regarding projects that were canceled or relocated because of the law known as HB2.Following the passage of the bill, companies such as PayPal, Adidas and CoStar withdrew plans to expand their businesses in the state. Several sporting events, conventions and concerts have also been canceled because of the controversial law.The report from AP stated that North Carolina could lose hundreds of millions more because the NCAA is avoiding the state, which has been a favored host until the law went into effect. The sporting organization will be announcing the sites for various championships through 2022, but it would not include North Carolina as long as the law stands.Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said that business leaders have backed out of projects and events in the state because of the controversy, and he shared his concern that similar decisions are being quietly made by other businesses.In response to the AP report, Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper said: "We now know that, based on conservative estimates, North Carolina's economy stands to lose nearly $4 billion because of House Bill 2. That means fewer jobs and less money in the pockets of middle class families. We need to fix this now."Other reports, however, indicated that the nation's ninth most populous state has a healthy economy. According to the federal government, based on quarterly gross domestic product, North Carolina had the 10th fastest-growing economy six months after the law's passage.Supporters of HB2 have said that they are willing to absorb the costs to the state's economy if the law protects women and girls from sexual predators posing as transgender individuals.Texas is also considering a legislation intended at governing public facilities in the state.Earlier this month, North Carolina Lt. Gov. Dan Forest told Texas lawmakers ahead of the Texas Privacy Act's first public hearing that the losses resulting from the boycotts have not made much of an impact on the state's $500 billion annual GDP. He also noted that North Carolina has been ranked by Forbes as the second best state in the country to do business in 2016."The effect is minimal to the state. Our economy is doing well. Don't be fooled by the media," Forest told Texas legislators.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








The North Carolina House has passed a law that would allow gun owners to carry firearms in schools during church service.
The North Carolina House of Representatives passed a legislation that would allow concealed weapons in religious schools that are also used for church services.The state House voted 82–34 on Monday to approve House Bill 174, which would allow handguns at K-12 schools used for church activities when no other school-related activities are being held. Only people with concealed handgun permits would be allowed to carry weapons inside the schools, according to The News & Observer.During a committee hearing last week, Reps. Darren Jackson (D-Wake) and Graig Meyer (D-Orange) shared their concern that the proposal could cause problems for public schools that rent out space for church services on evenings or weekends.Rep. Rena Turner, the bill's sponsor, added an amendment on Monday that would exempt public schools "owned by a local board of education or county commission," even if they were rented for a church service.The amendment dropped a requirement for permit holders to obtain prior authorization from the schools to carry concealed weapons. During the debate last week, Rep. Dean Arp (R-Union) argued that the written authorization would just add to the paperwork for concealed carry permit holders. He stated that schools merely need to post signs if they want to keep guns off their premises."The universal answer is, if you don't want it on your property, just post it," he said.The amendment was passed 114–1, and the legislation is now headed to the Senate.Turner said that the legislation was requested by a church in her district. She said that some members were worried that the church would be targeted by terrorists because of its overseas missions."They feel particularly vulnerable at their services. They want their security team to be able to protect their parishioners if there should be an emergency," she said.Current state law prohibits weapons from all school properties but allows legal gun owners to keep their weapons inside parked cars.Democratic Rep. Susan Fisher said that she finds Turner's proposal troubling."In general, I am opposed to gun proliferation especially around neighborhoods," she said. "I think that it really presents a danger. The more guns we have, the more dangerous it is. ... This opens the door to all kinds of risks as I see it," she continued.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Assumption, Santiago de Cuba
Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.There are still restrictions against building new churches in Cuba, but it has not stopped the expansion of evangelical churches, with tens of thousands of Cubans worshipping across the island each week without government interference."There's a revival of these churches, of the most diverse denominations in the country, and all of them are growing, not just in the number of members, but in their capacity to lead and act in society," said Presbyterian pastor Joel Ortega Dopico. "There is religious freedom in Cuba," he added.Dopico, the president of the officially recognized Council of Churches of Cuba, currently leads 32 Protestant denominations.Cuba's softening stance on religion was due in part to Rev. Juan Francisco Naranjo, who was sent to two years of work camp in the 1960s for preaching the Gospel. He was one of the pastors who met with Fidel Castro to push for more religious freedom, and his church worked to build ties between religious groups and the Communist Party.Naranjo died in 2000, but his church is now providing treatments for disabled children, and the Sunday service is packed and noisy.According to clergy and academics, Cuba's population of 11 million include some 40,000 Methodists, 100,000 Baptists and 120,000 members of the Assemblies of God, which only had about 10,000 members during the early 1990s, when the government started easing restrictions on religious expression.Religious freedom in Cuba is one of the key demands that will be made by U.S. President Donald Trump's administration after it finishes its review of former President Barack Obama's opening with the Communist country, according to The Associated Press.Some outside groups have accused the communist regime of systematically repressing the growing ranks of evangelicals and other Protestants through seizures and demolitions of hundreds of churches across the island.The Communist government now recognizes freedom of religion, but it still does not allow new churches or other religious structures to be built in the country. Members of churches that have been demolished in recent years continue to meet in makeshift home sanctuaries.In 2016, the advocacy group Christian Solidarity Worldwide (CSW) accused the Cuban government of committing 2,380 violations of religious liberty. The group alleged that the government had declared as many as 2,000 Assemblies of God churches illegal, with 1,400 being in the process of confiscation.However, Juan Whitaker, the Assemblies of God's treasurer in Cuba, told AP that none of its churches have been declared illegal or at risk of confiscation.David Ellis, regional director for Latin America and the Caribbean for world missions of the Missouri-based General Council of the Assemblies of God, also clarified that none of its churches have been confiscated."We are in ongoing contact with the Cuba Assemblies of God leadership and they have not reported any churches being confiscated. Neither have they reported that churches have been threatened with confiscation," said Ellis.Kiri Kankhwende, a spokeswoman for CSW, said that the advocacy group has not changed its assessment on Cuba and that statements to the contrary could be explained by official pressure on the churches.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Jennifer Garner poses at the premiere of 'Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day' at El Capitan theatre in Hollywood, California October 6, 2014.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Garner is reuniting with the cast of 2007 hit movie "Juno" for a live reading of the script to raise funds for Planned Parenthood.The film tells the story of a young teenager named Juno MacGuff who gives up her baby for adoption after an unplanned pregnancy. On April 8, the creators of the film will host the live-read at The Theatre at Ace Hotel in Los Angeles in order to raise funds for the abortion provider Planned Parenthood.Garner, who played the adoptive parent of Juno's baby, will be joining an all-female cast who will fill out rest of the roles, even those originally played by men in the film.Ellen Page, who played the pregnant teenager in the film, will be reprising her role for the live-read.According to Self, Jason Reitman, the film's director, will be announcing the rest of the cast on Twitter days before the show.Entertainment Weekly reported that Reitman set the live script reading series aside last year, but he was inspired to bring it back because of the 2016 election. During the campaign period, Donald Trump had stated that he would be willing to strip federal funding from Planned Parenthood as long as it continues to perform abortions."It occurred to me that I have this show that could be used as a tool to not only raise money for causes that need the help, but could serve as an opportunity for a group like Planned Parenthood to connect with an audience who can be presented with new ideas, or even an action item," Reitman told Entertainment Weekly.While some pro-lifers claimed that the film had a subliminal pro-life message in its plot, the director wanted the live-reading to clarify that the film was about a woman's ability to choose what happens to her unborn baby."If there was any confusion about whether Juno was pro-choice or pro-life, this should settle that. Juno had a choice, and that was the most important part," Reitman said.Garner, who started attending church with her children last year after starring in the Christian drama "Miracles from Heaven," had campaigned for Hillary Clinton, who was endorsed by Planned Parenthood in the last election.However, the actress recently expressed her intention to work with Trump to help him fulfill his campaign promises to poor white communities."I'm looking forward to helping him make good on what they saw as promises, a mandate from him, that he was going to make their lives better," she said.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Pop singer Katy Perry, who is famous for the 2008 hit song "I Kissed a Girl," said that she tried to "pray the gay away at Jesus camps" during her teenage years.During her speech at the Human Rights Campaign's (HRC) Los Angeles gala dinner at JW Marriott L.A. Live in downtown Los Angeles, she revealed that she did more than just kiss a girl and said that she spoke about her fantasies in "little, bite-sized pop songs" similar to the 2008 hit song."Truth be told: A) I did more than that, but B) How was I going to reconcile that with the gospel singing girl raised in youth groups that [was] pro-conversion camps? What I did know is that I was curious, and even then, I knew that sexuality wasn't as black and white as this dress," said Perry, who received HRC's National Equality Award at the event.Perry, who began her singing career as a Gospel artist at age 15, said that she was brought up to know that homosexual behavior was wrong, and she prayed to resist such temptations when she was a teenager."Most of my unconscious adolescence, I prayed the gay away at my Jesus camps," she remarked.The pop singer noted that she began to change when she got into the music industry and met more members of the LGBT community, The Christian Post reported."They were the most free, strong, kind and inclusive people I have ever met. They stimulated my mind and they filled my heart with joy, and they freaking danced all the while doing it," she said.In a previous interview with CCM Magazine, Perry revealed that one of her musical influences was Keith Green, who was known for being a bold witness for Christ in his songs. However, she signed with the secular label Capitol Records and later announced that she no longer professed to be a Christian.Her parents, Keith and Mary Hudson, said that they do not agree with all the choices Perry has made during her career. They still try to express some support for the pop singer by attending award shows with her. Last year, they asked the Christian community to pray for their daughter and not judge her.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








A logo of Twitter is pictured next to the logo of Facebook in this September 23, 2014 illustration photo in Sarajevo.
The Pakistani government has said that it has asked social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter to remove content deemed insulting to Islam.The interior ministry has claimed that Facebook has agreed to send a team to Pakistan to address the government's concerns about blasphemous content on the website."Such content has been posted on social media websites for years. I am surprised that no other Muslim country raised the issue till now," Interior Minister Chaudhary Nisar said at a press conference in Islamabad on Thursday."We will take any steps necessary to make sure that our message against such content gets across to those websites as well as the rest of the world," he added.Earlier that day, the Pakistani National Assembly passed a resolution condemning blasphemy on social media and unanimously approved a proposal to create a committee of parliamentary leaders to monitor blasphemous content, according to Dawn news website.Nisar's statement came after Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif expressed his support for a crackdown against blasphemous content on social media."The blasphemous content on social media is a nefarious conspiracy to hurt the religious sentiments of the entire Muslim ummah," Sharif was quoted as saying in a statement posted on his party's official Twitter account.Nisar stated that he has asked government officials to liaise with the FBI and the social media websites on a daily basis."Facebook and other service providers should share all information about the people behind this blasphemous content with us," Nisar said.Facebook has not issued any public comments about a delegation being sent to Pakistan but said in a statement that it viewed government requests with care keeping in mind "the goal of protecting the privacy and rights" of its users.Critics have said that the latest move is just a way to crackdown on dissent.A petition has been filed in the Islamabad high Court against five activists, accusing them of running pages on Facebook that had posted content deemed to be blasphemous.The men were abducted in early January and were accused of blasphemy in a vast social media campaign during their three-week disappearance. However, no evidence has been shared directly linking the men to the Facebook pages in question.Ahmed Waqas Goraya, one of the abducted activists, has since spoken publicly about being "tortured" by the military during his disappearance.Shaukat Siddiqui, the judge hearing the case in Islamabad, recently asked the government to take steps to "eliminate" blasphemous content, even if it involves "blocking entire social media."William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








People chant slogans during a gathering to mark the death anniversary of Mumtaz Qadri, who was executed for murdering a popular governor over his call to reform the country's blasphemy laws. March 1, 2017.
The BBC issued an apology after a post asking "What is the right punishment for blasphemy?" on the broadcaster's Asian Network Twitter account sparked outrage on social media.The BBC's Asian Network posted the tweet in an attempt to promote a debate about blasphemy on social media. Shazia Awan, the local presenter, explained in an accompanying video that Pakistan had recently called on Facebook to help the government crack down on blasphemous content on its website."Is this the right way to handle blasphemy? Or do you think that freedom of speech should trump all else?" Awan asked.The post was criticized by several human rights campaigners and secularist organizations who challenged the premise that blasphemy should carry any punishment.Iranian-born secularist and human rights campaigner Maryam Namazie said that the tweet was "disgraceful," while the National Secularism Society described it as "absolutely appalling."Following criticisms on social media, the network posted an apology, saying the question was "poorly worded" and that it was never intended to imply that blasphemy should be punished.Under Pakistan's blasphemy laws, anyone found guilty of insulting Islam or Muhammad can be sentenced to death, according to The Guardian.Last week, Interior Minister Chaudhary Nisar said that an official in Pakistan's Washington embassy has asked Twitter and Facebook to help identify Pakistanis who shared content deemed offensive to Islam.According to the interior ministry, Facebook has agreed to send a team to address the government's concerns about blasphemous content on its website.The social media giant has not issued any public comment regarding a delegation being sent to Pakistan, but it said in a statement that it viewed government requests with care, keeping in mind "the goal of protecting the privacy and rights" of its users."We disclose information about accounts solely in accordance with our terms of service and applicable law. A Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty or other formal request may be required for international requests, and we include these in our Government Requests Report," the statement said.Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif expressed his support for a crackdown on blasphemy, saying it is an "unpardonable offense.""The blasphemous content on social media is a nefarious conspiracy to hurt the religious sentiments of the entire Muslim ummah," the prime minister was quoted as saying.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Elizabeth Johnston, also known as "The Activist Mommy," appears in a screen capture of a video from her YouTube channel.
A Christian video blogger, whose Facebook page was suspended last month for her posts highlighting her Biblical views about homosexuality, has claimed that her page is still being censored even after the social media giant issued an apology over the issue.Elizabeth Johnston, who runs the popular Facebook page "The Activist Mommy," told CBN News last week that her followers are still having difficulties in accessing her page."People are contacting me saying, 'I cannot access your page at all--my app shuts down when I click on your page.' They say, 'I cannot share your page--there are no share buttons on your videos' or 'I cannot like your page--when I like your page and I go back the next day it is unliked,'" Johnston said.A spokesperson for Facebook said that Johnston has already brought up the issue with the company, and a representative is working with her to resolve the problem."We are actively looking into the issues that have been raised. Facebook is a platform for all ideas--we want people of all different perspectives and viewpoints to feel welcome to share their thoughts on Facebook," the spokesperson told CBN News.Johnston's page was suspended for three days on Feb. 9 due to a comment she posted six months earlier, in which she cited Bible verses that described homosexuality as a "detestable" sin and an "abomination."The comment was made in response to another Facebook user who accused Christians of hypocrisy for condemning homosexuality.When Johnston regained access to her account on Feb. 12, she published a post explaining to her followers that her Facebook page had been suspended. However, the social media company also removed the Feb. 12 post and froze her account for another seven days.After news of Johnston's account suspension broke, Facebook issued an apology, saying her page had been frozen by "mistake."Johnston, who has more than 76,000 followers, said she understands that Facebook is a private company and that it has no obligation to uphold free speech standards. But she objected to the claims that the popular social media website is unbiased. She asserted that Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is using the platform "to further his personal political, religious and globalist agenda."William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








U.S. President Donald Trump signs an executive order cutting regulations, accompanied by small business leaders at the Oval Office of the White House in Washington U.S., January 30, 2017.
President Donald Trump has revoked an executive order that prevents the federal government from entering into contracts with companies and non-profit organizations that do not have policies that protect LGBT individuals against discrimination.On Monday, Trump signed an order that rescinded E.O. 13673 or the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces order, which was signed by former President Barack Obama in 2014.The order issued by Obama required companies receiving large federal contracts to demonstrate that they have complied with 14 federal laws, some of which prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.Some have argued that revoking the 2014 order would make it harder to enforce the LGBT protections implemented by Obama for employees of federal contractors."It's sending a message to these companies...that the federal government simply doesn't care whether or not they violate the law," said Camilla Taylor, senior counsel at Lambda Legal.According to Towleroad, Trump's order also affects E.O. 11246, which prohibits federal contractors from discriminating based on race, color, religion, sex or national origin. President Richard Nixon added discrimination based on disability and age while President Bill Clinton added sexual orientation. Obama's order added gender identity, and it also prohibited federal contractors from discriminating against their employees based on the said categories.Some conservative groups welcomed the Trump's decision to rescind the order. Abraham Hamilton III, a public policy analyst for the American Family Association (AFA), stated that the president is fulfilling his campaign promise to protect religious liberty."American citizens should not be forced to abandon their faith in order to contract with the federal government. We hope this is an early indication that religious freedom protection will be a defining feature of President Trump's legacy," said Hamilton.Travis Weber, an attorney with the Family Research Council (FRC), stated that the bigger concern with rescinding the order was more about cutting down red tape for businesses rather than LGBT issues. He noted that Trump had repeatedly vowed to cut regulations by 75 percent so that businesses would spend more time working and less time filling out paperwork."This will help keep jobs in America and bring others back to the country," said Weber. "Yet now that the president is fulfilling his promise, LGBT groups have somehow found a way to make this paperwork reduction all about them," he added.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Millennials are the least likely generation to possess a biblical worldview, according to a recent study.
A new study has indicated that Millennials are least likely to possess a biblical worldview and also the least likely generation to become conservative in the future.According to a study by the American Culture and Faith Institute (ACFI), only four percent of Millennials possess a biblical worldview. This compares to 16 percent of Baby Boomer and Builder generations and seven percent of Baby Busters, who possess a similar outlook.The survey, which is part of the Worldview Measurement Project, was conducted last Feb. 1 to Feb. 5 among 1,000 Americans aged 18 or older.The results also revealed that only 59 percent of Millennials identify as Christians, compared to 72 percent of adults from older generations. Only 18 percent of adults aged 30 or older claim to be in the atheist-agnostic-none faith preference category, compared to 29 percent among Millenials.While 33 percent of older adults describe themselves as born-again Christians, only 20 percent of Millennials make the same claim.Although conservatives outnumber liberals by a 2–1 margin among adults 30 or older, the opposite is true among Millenials, with only 12 percent identifying as conservatives and 26 percent describing themselves as liberals. As many as 44 percent of Millennials prefer socialism over capitalism.When it comes to the subject of same-sex marriage, 43 percent of adults 30 or older were in favor of it, compared to 65 percent of adults under 30 who support it.Out of 20 questions presented in the belief section of the Worldview Measurement Project, Millennials were found less likely than older adults to have a biblical view on 19 of the evaluated beliefs.Millennials were more likely to have a biblical perspective than other adults only on the belief in the basic goodness of people. Forty-one percent of Millennials are less likely to believe that all people are basically good, compared with 22 percent of adults from the older generation.George Barna, the Executive Director of ACFI, noted that "Millennials are so far to the left-of-center" that "even a typical amount of repositioning" will still leave them very liberal. He said that it is unlikely that even 10 percent of Millennials will ever hold a biblical worldview."Remember, a person's worldview is typically developed between the ages of about 18 months and 13 years," Barna explained."There is usually very little movement in a worldview after that point. You could say with confidence that the worldview a person possesses at age 13 is probably the worldview they will die with. Unless pre-existing patterns radically change, we are not likely to ever see the Millennial generation reach even ten percent who have a biblical worldview," he added.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








An Iraqi Christian prepares for the first Sunday mass at the Grand Immaculate Church since it was recaptured from Islamic State in Qaraqosh, near Mosul in Iraq October 30, 2016.
Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.The Syriac Catholic Church, the Syriac Orthodox Church, and the Chaldean Catholic Church have formally established the Nineveh Reconstruction Committee (NRC), which is tasked with planning and supervising the rebuilding of more than 12,000 damaged or destroyed houses."Today we are truly a united Church - Syriac Orthodox, Chaldean and Syriac Catholic - united in the work of rebuilding these houses on the Nineveh Plains and in restoring hope to the hearts of the inhabitants of these villages and inviting those who have left them to return," Syriac Orthodox Archbishop Alshamany said, as reported by Assyrian International News Agency.The Catholic charity Aid to the Church in Need (ACN) has estimated that the rebuilding of the homes would cost at least $213 million. The charity said that it will be closely following the committee's initial operations and will help with the advocacy and fundraising efforts.Alshamany thanked ACN for its role in developing the initiative. "We would like to thank ACN, which has helped us so much in the past, by providing help and food. Now this charity is playing a crucial role in the rebuilding of our houses," he said.The committee is composed of two representatives from each of the three churches and three external experts suggested by ACN.The signing ceremony was held at the Chaldean Archdiocese of Erbil, where many of the 100,000 Christians resettled after they were displaced by the ISIS invasion in August 2014.Syriac Catholic Archbishop Yohanna Petros Mouche of Mosul encouraged Christians who were living in the Nineveh Plains to return to their homes. He noted that the churches' efforts to join together demonstrate their willingness to accelerate the operation to rebuild the communities.Iraqi forces backed by a U.S.-led international coalition have liberated several cities as well as eastern Mosul from ISIS last year. The security forces are currently locked in a battle to recapture western Mosul.The ancient city of Qaraqosh, which was liberated last year, was leveled to the ground by the war, but the residents have hope that the land will be restored by God.Professor Ryan Mauro, a national security analyst at the Clarion Project, said that the residents who paid a visit to the city "were adamant that their faith is even stronger than it was before and vowed to reopen the burned church and fill it with an even bigger crowd than before."William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








David Kyle Foster, founder and executive director of Pure Passion, appears in a screen capture of a video from his YouTube channel.
Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.In December, Vimeo sent an email notification to Pure Passion Ministries Executive Director David Foster, warning him that some of the videos featured on the ministry's channel violated the platform's content standards.The ministry has hosted its videos on Vimeo since 2009, according to World. Some of the materials featured testimonies of redemption and healing from people who suffered from issues related to sexual abuse, sex trafficking, and homosexuality.At Foster's request, Vimeo sent the list of four videos in question, which were enough to indict all the ministry's content."Your statement equating homosexuality to 'sexual brokenness' betrays the underlying stance of your organization," Vimeo stated in an email to Foster."To put it plainly, we don't believe that homosexuality requires a cure and we don't allow videos on our platform that espouse this point of view. We also consider this basic viewpoint to display a demeaning attitude toward a specific group, which is something that we do not allow," it continued.Vimeo's website indicated that it forbids content that promotes "sexual orientation change efforts" as well as "coded or veiled" language attacking ethnic or religious minorities.Foster, a former homosexual, clarified that it was not reparative therapy that changed his life, and he noted that Pure Passion does not promote the practice. He maintained that the healing comes through faith in Jesus Christ.He accused Vimeo's management of being selective, and he pointed out that some of the videos hosted on the website contain sexual and violent images.Foster asserted that Vimeo's objection to the material on the ministry's channel was just an excuse to remove the entire message of Pure Passion from its website. He wrote back to Vimeo in an attempt to save the channel, but he maintained that the ministry would not remove any of its videos."We have the track record to prove that for 30 years, what we have been doing has been healing and NOT demeaning or hateful or whatever other spin you want to put on it," Foster stated in the email.Michael Brown, the host of the nationally syndicated Line of Fire radio program, noted in an op-ed article that Vimeo had also censored other organizations that refused to embrace or celebrate homosexuality.Last year, Vimeo shut down the channel of Restored Hope Network, an association of ministries helping people deal with unwanted sex attractions, according to Brown. The video sharing platform also removed the account of the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality (NARTH), a group of psychologists, psychiatrists, counselors, and therapists who refused to celebrate LGBT activism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








St. Matthew's Cathedral, Khartoum
Jan Figel, Special Envoy for the Promotion of Freedom of Religion or Belief outside the EU, has called on Sudanese authorities to release two men who were jailed in connection with the espionage case involving a Czech Christian aid worker.In January, Rev. Hassan Abduraheem and geologist Abdumonem Abdumawla were found guilty of aiding and abetting Petr Jasek, who was charged with spying, inciting hatred between religious groups, and propagating of false news. The two Sudanese men were sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment while Jasek received a 20-year prison sentence.In February, Jasek was pardoned by President Omar al-Bashir and released into the care of Czech Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek, who was in Sudan's capital of Khartoum at that time for talks on bilateral relations.Supporters argued that there are no grounds to keep Abdumawla and Abduraheem in prison because Jasek has already been pardoned and released, World Watch Monitor reported.The case against the three men stemmed from their attempts to support Ali Omer, a Sudanese student who was injured during a protest in 2013. When Jasek attempted to leave Sudan in December 2015, authorities found in his possession a receipt detailing a $5,000 contribution to the student.Jasek explained that the money was for Omer's treatment, but the prosecution alleged that it was a donation to rebel groups in the southern regions of South Kordofan, Blue Nile, and Darfur.Abduraheem, who facilitated the meeting between Jasek and Omer, was arrested by Sudanese authorities at his home on Dec. 19, 2015. Abdumawla was also arrested that same month after he began collecting money to help Omer.Ahmed El Tijani, the chairman of Sudan's Legislation and Justice Committee at the National Assembly, noted that Figel also brought up the issue of the demolition of several churches in Sudan. Tijani cited issues of land ownership as the reason for the demolitions and claimed that some mosques were also demolished for the same reason.It was reported in February that the authorities planned to demolish 25 churches, but the decision has been suspended.Figel stated that the exchanges during his visit "demonstrated readiness of Sudanese partners to engage in continuous and constructive dialogue on religious diversity in Sudan, Horn of Africa and globally."William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Police beat and detain a Pakistani Christian protester during a demonstration against Saturday's burning of Christian houses and belongings in Badami Bagh, Lahore March 10, 2013.
A court prosecutor in Pakistan has allegedly offered to acquit 42 Christians accused of lynching two Muslims if they convert to Islam.The Christians have been charged with the murder of the two Muslims following the suicide blasts that targeted two churches in the Christian neighborhood of Youhanabad, Lahore in March 2015. The two Muslims, who were suspected of being involved in the blasts, were lynched during the violent protests that erupted after the bombing incidents.Rights activist Joseph Franci, who is providing legal assistance to the 42 Christians, told The Express Tribune that Deputy District Public Prosecutor Syed Anees Shah guaranteed to acquit the group if they renounce their faith and embrace Islam.Franci said that the accused remained silent and were dumbfounded by the offer. One of the Christians reportedly said that he was ready to be hanged if he embraced Islam.Naseeb Anjum, who is representing some of the accused, said that Shah had made a similar offer six months ago, but it was ignored by his clients."They [lawyers] believe in independence of the court, but why is the DDPP blackmailing them?" Anjum told The Express Tribune."The government should get rid of such elements that bring bad name to the state by such acts," he added.Shah initially denied the accusation, but he conceded that he offered the Christians a choice when he was informed that the accused have a video recording of what he said.As many as 14 people were killed, and almost 80 were injured in the bombings of the two churches in Youhanabad. Over 500 Christians were arrested in the lynching, but most of them were acquitted after spending a year and six months in prison.Wilson Chowdhry, Chairman of the British Pakistani Christian Association, said that the offer to the Christians is proof that the judiciary in Pakistan is not independent and unbiased."The fact that Christian men could be spared a death penalty by simply renouncing their Christian faith and accepting Islam is a clear indication that either extremists have infiltrated the Justice system of Pakistan, or that the nation is full of zealots that will stop at nothing to convert 'kaffir' (infidels)," he said.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








William J. Murray, son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, appears in a screen capture of a video from theDoveTV.
William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The film titled "The Most Hated Woman in America," which debuted on Netflix last week, tells the life story of O'Hair, who founded the American Atheists in 1963 and spent half of her life fighting for the separation of church and state.O'Hair filed a case against the Baltimore City Public School System in 1960 to prevent her son from taking part in Bible readings in school. She won the case in 1963 with a Supreme Court decision that banned prayers in classrooms.Murray, who is now a Christian and who currently serves as the chairman of the Religious Freedom Coalition, referred to the Netflix film as a "Google Movie" because he says the docudrama was based on information available from Google searches.He asserted that there were no interviews of participants, and he said the filmmakers refused to contact him, even though he was the only main character in the movie who is still alive.Murray suspects that the filmmakers used certain information that can only be found in his memoir titled "My Life Without God," but he contends that they still got some parts wrong.He said that the biggest omission was the lack of mention of his mother's ties to the Communist Party and her attempted defection to the Soviet Union when he was still a child."In 1960, she led our family on an attempted defection to the Soviet Union that got as far as the Soviet embassy in Paris," Murray told World Net Daily.Murray recounted that they returned to the U.S. at the start of the school year after they were rejected by the Soviet embassy."To re-enroll me required her taking me to the junior high school at the beginning of a school day, and that is when she discovered the prayer. She did create a scene at the school, but not in a classroom as depicted in the movie, but rather in the school office," he narrated, referring to a scene in the film in which O'Hair discovers that children are being forced to pray in school.Murray said that the movie also had some inaccuracies about the family's home life. While the movie portrays his grandfather leading the family in prayer at the dinner table, Murray remembers him as a man who sold whiskey and women at a roadhouse during the Prohibition."There was never a Bible in the home at any time, and while I believe my grandfather may have believed in God, I never saw him attend church to the day he died," he noted.The movie also highlights the mysterious disappearance in August 1995 of O'Hair along with her granddaughter, Robin, and Murray's brother, Jon Garth. Murray reported them missing in September 1996 after he was contacted by a reporter named John MacCormack.MacComack eventually uncovered the truth about the family's kidnapping and murder, but he only got involved in the case a year after the family went missing. The movie, however, depicts a reporter who pursued the mystery from Day One.Murray founded the first commercial Bible publishing company in the Soviet Union in the early 1990s in an attempt to undo the damage done by utopian communists like his mother.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Texas pastors who support the Texas Privacy Act appear in a screen capture of a video from the YouTube channel of Texas Pastors.
Pastors from Texas have issued "Toilet Seat Awards" to the senators who voted against the Texas Privacy Act or SB6, which would require individuals to use bathrooms in public buildings matching the sex on their birth certificates.The legislation was passed by the Texas Senate earlier this month by a vote of 21–10. but it is facing an uphill battle in the House.In a video published on Monday, a group of pastors known as the "Houston Five," accompanied by other pastors from across the Greater Houston area, unveiled the "Toilet Seat Awards" for each of the 10 state senators who voted against the controversial bill."It is disgusting and offensive to women that one-third of the Texas state senate would vote no on SB 6 in providing protection for women and our daughters in our most private settings," said Becky Riggle of Grace Church during the presentation of the awards.House Speaker Joe Straus, who also earned a "Toilet Seat Award," has publicly expressed his opposition to the bill, claiming that it would be bad for business.Pastor Hernan Castaño of Houston's Iglesia Rios De Aciete dismissed his claim of economic backlash."We say shame on any business in Texas that would place the value of a few dollars over the protection of our women and girls," said Castaño, as reported by The Stream.He also urged business owners in Texas "who believes in protecting women and girls" to cut ties with the Texas Association of Business, which opposed the legislation.Castaño also pointed to the boycott Target over its bathroom policy. "The significant decline in Target stores' revenue and the sharp drop in their stock says how consumers really feel about this," he said.The pastors also warned Representatives who do not support SB6 that there may be an award waiting for them as well. Riggle also cautioned the legislators against amending the bill "until it has no meaning."The "Houston Five" gained national attention after former Houston Mayor Annise Parker subpoenaed their sermons in the course of their opposition to an ordinance that would have allowed biological males into the city's public and private showers, locker rooms and restrooms for females. Houston voters were only allowed to vote on the ordinance in 2015 after the pastors took the former mayor to court. The ordinance was defeated by a percentage of 61–39.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








U.S. Vice President Mike Pence speaks at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) policy conference in Washington, U.S., March 26, 2017.
Vice President Mike Pence cast a tie-breaking vote in the Senate on Thursday to pass a bill that would allow individual states to defund Planned Parenthood.Pence's vote was needed to break the 50–50 tie on the bill that would overturn a rule from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) preventing states from blocking Title X funding to Planned Parenthood and other health centers that perform abortions.The GOP have a 52–48 majority in the Senate, but two Republicans joined the Democrats to vote against the resolution.The rule was put in place by President Barack Obama days before he vacated the White House. The bill rescinding the HHS rule is now headed to the desk of President Donald Trump.Through the Title X program, the federal government can directly fund organizations that provide family planning services or award grants to states, which selects money recipients, according to World Magazine.Under the Hyde Amendment, taxpayer money cannot fund abortions. But some states have opted to direct Title X funds away from organizations that provide family planning services and also perform abortions. An NPR report in 2011 indicated that 25 percent of all Title X grants go to Planned Parenthood and its affiliates. The HHS regulation would ensure that the organization would not lose those taxpayer dollars.Democrats held the floor throughout the afternoon before the vote and repeatedly urged one more Republican to change their vote to block the measure, Life Site News reported.Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) described the measure as "another example of the Republican war on women.""It would let states treat women as second-class citizens who don't deserve the same access to health care as men," he remarked.The U.S. Congress voted 230–188 in February to overturn the HHS rule under the Congressional Review Act (CRA), which allows the House to reverse agency regulations within 60 legislative days.Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican Leader, said that the HHS regulation "is an unnecessary restriction on states that know their residents own needs a lot better than the Federal Government.""Fortunately by sending the CRA before us to the president's desk we can return power back to the people and will do so without decreasing funding to women's health care by a penny," he added.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Iowa House Republicans have abandoned a bill that would have banned abortions once the fetal heartbeat is detected.
Iowa House Republicans have abandoned a bill that would have banned abortions once a fetal heartbeat is detected, which can be as early as six weeks into pregnancy.The fetal heartbeat bill was introduced on Tuesday as an amendment to a separate legislation that would ban abortions at 20 weeks of pregnancy, The Des Moines Register reported.Fearing that the amendment would face legal challenges in court, House Republican lawmakers announced on Wednesday that they have removed the fetal heartbeat provision."We've been working over the course of the last few hours to get consensus within our caucus on an agreement that we can all move forward," said House Human Resources Committee Chairman Rep. Joel Fry (R-Osceola). "And this is the piece of legislation that we have consensus on," he added.Democrats have threatened an all-night filibuster to delay an initial procedural vote when the amendment was introduced on Tuesday. The legislation would have been the strictest ban on abortion in the U.S. if it had been signed into law. North Dakota and Arkansas have tried to pass similar laws but were blocked by the courts.Rep. Rob Taylor (R-West Des Moines) said that "a number" of House Republicans had reservations about the language in the provision after it was introduced."I think anytime we have language that is realistic and doesn't end up in court, I think that's the opportunity to save more lives," he said."To run something through here just to end up in court isn't necessarily the option that I would prefer, but I think that's a discussion that we'll have," he continued.The bill banning abortions after 20 weeks is similar to a legislation passed by the Iowa Senate. However, the measure currently being considered by the House does not include a provision to penalize physicians who perform illegal abortions, although they could have their license revoked by the Iowa Board of Medicine.The 20-week ban carries an exception in cases when the mother's life is in jeopardy, but there are no exemptions for rape, incest or fetal abnormalities.Rep. Shannon Lundgren (R-Peosta) expressed her belief that the 20-week ban would still be a victory for the pro-life movement.The bill, known as Senate File 471, will be eligible for debate on the House floor if it is passed by the House Human Resources Committee.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








The entrance to Rollins College appears in a screen capture of a video from the school's YouTube channel.
A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Marshall Polston, a 21-year-old sophomore student at Rollins College in Florida, was reportedly suspended from the school and ordered not to appear on campus after he challenged the professor's assertions.Polston said that Areeje Zufari, the professor of Middle Eastern Humanities class, had claimed that Jesus's crucifixion was a hoax and that his disciples did not believe that he was a God.After challenging the professor's claims during a class discussion, Polston reportedly received a 52 percent on a major essay, but Zufari never explained why she gave him the failing grade."I was upset, understandably. I've never gotten anything less than straight A's, so I was really interested in figuring out how to possibly improve or at least understand the grade," Polston told Central Florida Post.In another class discussion, Polston said that one male Muslim student suggested that gays and adulterers should be beheaded under Sharia Law."I spoke out to the professor about the grade and subsequently the decapitation comments made by the student," Polston told The College Fix."The statement by the conservative Muslim student met such fear by some that one of the students reported it to the FBI," he added.Zufari reportedly canceled her class and filed a complaint with the Dean of Safety, claiming that Polston made her feel "unsafe.""The situation was surreal. We've already had one too many attacks in Orlando and as an avid traveler I realized this was the perfect example of 'see something, say something,'" Polston went on to say.The suspension letter, dated March 24, stated that the student's actions constituted a "threat of disruption" within the school, but it did not specifically mention the alleged actions. The letter instructed Polston not to set foot on the campus or have any contact with Zufari.The professor later filed a police report, claiming that Polston violated the order by showing up in class to harass her. However, the student denied the allegation and said that he was with his grandfather and traveling to Daytona Beach when the class was being held.Polston has also offered video footage of him purchasing food at the time of the class at a restaurant over half-an-hour away from the school.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








The Facebook logo is displayed on their website in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017.
Pakistan's Interior Ministry has stated that Facebook has complied with the government's request to remove blasphemous content on its website.Interior Secretary Arif Khan told the Islamabad High Court (IHC) on Monday that Facebook has already removed 85 percent of the blasphemous content, and only 15 percent of such material remains on the website, The Express Tribune reported.Earlier this month, the Pakistani government contacted Facebook to warn the company about the repercussions if it did not comply with their demand. The officials claimed that the social networking company has sent a delegation to Pakistan to address the government's concerns about "blasphemous and objectionable" content on the site.The IHC ordered on Monday that the top officials of the country must be involved in the issue of raising a national "firewall" to enable the government to monitor the internet traffic and all the users in Pakistan.Khan told the court that the issue of a national firewall would be discussed with the higher ups, but he maintained that banning the social networking website is not the solution to the problem.A director of the Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) told the court that three suspects have been arrested for their alleged involvement in publishing blasphemous content on social media in the past few days. He said that mobile phones, laptops and computers seized from the suspects have been sent for forensic examination.Syed Ismael, the chairman of Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA), told the high court that there is a 25-member team dedicated to searching blasphemous content online. He noted that the team has already removed 40 pages containing such material.Ismael said that Facebook initially would not consider blasphemous material as a violation, but it has now complied with requests to remove such reported pages."Facebook's agreement with our demands is a big achievement. They have assured to comply with our demand," said Ismael.Facebook has not confirmed nor denied the content removals. According to Russia Today, the social media company publishes the requests it receives from governments every six months. The latest data on the website goes up to June 2016. It said that it scrutinizes the government requests to determine if a specified content breaks any local laws."If we determine that it does, then we make it unavailable in the relevant country or territory. For example, Holocaust denial is illegal in Germany so if it is reported to us we will restrict this content for people in Germany," the company stated on its web page about the requests.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Executive producer Roma Downey and her husband producer Mark Burnett pose at the premiere for the movie "Ben-Hur" at TCL Chinese theatre in Hollywood, California U.S., August 16, 2016.
Mark Burnett and Roma Downey, the producers behind the hit mini-series "The Bible," are reportedly working on a religious drama titled "Messiah" for Netflix.The series, which is still in its early developmental stages, would be set in the modern day and would narrate how the world would react to a man who performs miracles in the Middle East, according to Variety.The faith-based series was created and written by Michael Petroni, whose previous works include the ABC drama "Miracles" and the screenplay for the feature film adaptation of "The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader."He was also credited with writing the screenplay of the 2011 Anthony Hopkins exorcism horror-drama "The Rite."Burnett and Downey will be serving as the executive producers through their company LightWorkers Media, which is a division of MGM. Petroni will also serve as an executive producer along with Andrew Deane of Industry Entertainment.The project gained media attention last week when Deadline reported that it was one of 15 television productions that will benefit from California-based tax credit. It was reportedly approved for a $7.5 million tax credit in the new series category.It has not been officially greenlighted by Netflix, but it has been earmarked for filming in Los Angeles.Although Burnett and Downey are closely working with Netflix, they recently launched Light TV, a 24-hour faith and family entertainment channel, in partnership with Fox network, according to Eternity News.The husband and wife team was behind the remake of "Ben-Hur," which tanked at the box office and was not well-received by critics.They also produced other faith-based projects including the TV movie "Women of the Bible" at Lifetime, "A.D. The Bible Continues" on NBC, "The Dovekeepers" at CBS, and the 2014 film "Son of God."Downey stated in a 2014 interview with The Christian Post that they believed their projects were aimed at an audience who are often ignored by the Hollywood industry."We find it encouraging ... that the success of 'The Bible' series with a hundred million viewers showing up revealed to our industry that there is a huge audience for these kinds of projects, an audience that I think has often been under-served," she said.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Women wait for a bus in central Tehran, Iran August 24, 2015.
Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Female officers were reportedly gathered outside the medieval Holy Savior Cathedral in Isfahan to enforce Iran's "modesty laws." Visitors said that the officers were lecturing people on whether or not the hijab was "appropriate" as they entered the cathedral, which is part of the Armenian Orthodox Church.A photograph taken inside the church shows a woman defiantly taking off her hijab, but the other women behind her are still wearing theirs, Heatstreet reported.The women who were stopped outside the cathedral, known locally as the Vank church, shared their story in a social media campaign called "My Stealthy Freedom," which aims to change the Iranian law."The photo that I sent you shows the Vanak [sic] Church of Isfahan. It was ridiculous! Two female officers blamed us for what we'd been wearing, which is such a shame, isn't it?" the social media post read."How would American Muslims react if they were forced to enter their mosques without hijab? Why should we put up with such a disgrace to women in the name of law? Isn't this a type of bullying?" it continued.Under Iranian law, every woman must wear a veil, in accordance with the government's strict interpretation of Islam. Those who were caught disobeying the ordinance face violent arrests and punishment beatings.Iran also enforces the strict dress code on non-Iranian women who are competing in sporting events in the country. Nazí Paikidze-Barnes, the reigning American female chess champion, dropped out of the 2017 Women's World Chess Championship after she found out that the competition would be held in Iran and that the participants would be required to wear veils.Last month, 18-year-old Iranian chess grandmaster Dorsa Derakhshani was booted from Iran's national team after she failed to wear the hijab at the Tradewise Gibraltar Chess Festival 2017.The Iranian government had confiscated about 40,000 cars in the first half of 2015 because drivers or passengers were not wearing their headscarves properly. Many women were pulled over and beaten to the ground before they were arrested.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Women carry jerry cans of water from shallow wells dug from the sand along the Shabelle River bed, which is dry due to drought in Somalia's Shabelle region, March 19, 2016.
The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.In March, the terror group, which is known for amputating and executing people, has released photographs showing its members distributing food relief to alleged residents of Lower Shabelle in southern Somalia.According to media reports, al-Shabaab has created drought committees for food distributions in six regions under its control. Its members have also dug up water canals for farmers, Religion News Service reported.Fears of impending famine are growing in the country that is still struggling to recover from more than 25 years of civil war and an ongoing battle between the U.N.-backed government and Islamist insurgents.Aid groups have said that as many as a quarter of a million people died during the last famine in 2011 after al-Shabaab imposed restrictions on movement and refused to grant aid organizations access to drought-stricken areas.Sheikh Suldan Aala Mohamed, the chairman of al-Shabaab's drought emergency committee, said that this time, people are allowed to move freely. "We do not stop those who want to leave for other places, they are free," he said.Mohamed noted that al-Shabaab has already distributed food and water to many Somalis who were hit by the drought, but some residents are still skeptical about the militants' ability to provide enough aid."Al Shabaab gave us water and food and we have seen them taking food and water to others in the area, but the needs of the entire people cannot be met," said Abdullahi Mohamed, a resident of Hindheer district in the central Galgadud region."Some people are in the jungle where there are no roads. Some are dying under trees," he added.According to the U.N., about 6.2 million people in Somalia are in urgent need of humanitarian aid. The U.N. and the African Union are considering talks with al-Shabaab as it controls the areas that are most affected by the drought.Roman Catholic Bishop Giorgio Bertin, the apostolic administrator of Mogadishu, said he agrees that some form of contact should be established with the terror group. "We must try all things to bring stability to Somalia," he stated.During the drought in 2011, the U.N. accused al-Shabaab of sabotaging the distribution of aid after the group allegedly attacked convoys, burned food and killed some aid workers.It is believed that the group is getting the aid from its network of sponsors and sympathizers, but there is also speculation that it is raiding food relief convoys of humanitarian groups.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








The Great Flagpole in Dushanbe, Tajikistan
Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Tajik government prohibits minors from taking part in religious activities, even if they are with their parents. According to a report from Mission Network News, several security officers attended Sunday services in two separate towns to film and take photographs for evidence.Kristin Wright, Advocacy Director with Open Doors USA, said that her group is keeping an eye on the developing situation."Since then, there's been a criminal investigation against the church and against the members," Wright noted."These members are being questioned on a daily basis. It's a situation of real concern for Christians, not just of this church, but churches across Tajikistan where these severe regulations really prohibit parents from even bringing their children to church and introducing them to the Gospel," she continued.According to Open Doors, the activities of the churches in the two towns have been suspended, pending the outcome of the court proceedings. Church members are being constantly summoned for repeated questioning.One Tajik pastor noted that the authorities are already planning to close the churches and ban all their activities. The officers are also conducting an investigation on proselytism, and they even questioned why there were Uzbeks and Tajiks attending the services."Ethnically they are Muslims, so they should visit the Mosque – what are they doing in church?" the officers reportedly asked.Wright further noted that Tajikistan has been designated by the U.S. State Department as a country of particular concern due to its stringent laws against freedom of religion and belief.In February, a Christian with a Muslim background was arrested after he shared the Gospel with a stranger who began to speak to him. The Christian was apprehended by the stranger, who turned out to be an officer of the Security Service, after he tried to give him a copy of the New Testament. Tajik law prohibits the distribution of religious literature and "religious propaganda" in public places.Open Doors stated that "dictatorial paranoia" is the main source of persecution in Tajikistan. However, pressure from Islamic extremism is also present in private, family and community spheres.Tajikistan, which is 98 percent Muslim, has been ranked on the Open Doors World Watch List as the 35th country where Christians experience the worst persecution.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Courtroom of the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, France.
An American Baptist missionary, who was fined for holding weekly Bible studies in Russia, has taken his case to the European Court of Human Rights to appeal the severe sanctions imposed by the country's "anti-missionary" law.Donald Ossewaarde was the first U.S. missionary to be charged under Russia's "Yarovaya" law that was introduced in July 2016. He was fined 40,000 rubles ($600) after he was found guilty of conducting illegal missionary activities for hosting Sunday morning Bible studies at his home in the Russian city of Oryol.The "Yarovaya" law, named after one of its authors, was introduced as an "anti-terrorism" measure, which allows the government to monitor extremist groups, according to World Watch Monitor.Ossewaarde had already made several appeals, including one to the Russian Supreme Court, but his efforts have been unsuccessful. On Wednesday, he filed an appeal to the European Court of Human Rights, with the help of ADF International, a legal organization advocating for religious freedom."Freedom of religion is one of the most fundamental rights. Nobody should be persecuted because of their faith. Despite the Russian Constitution guaranteeing freedom of conscience and religion for all, Donald Ossewaarde has been charged with a criminal offence for holding a peaceful Church service in his own home," said ADF International Legal Counsel Laurence Wilkinson."His conviction is a hugely concerning development for religious freedom across Russia in general, and for Christian missionaries in particular," he added.He noted that the appeal to the European court represents a "last resort" in challenging the Russian law."As a signatory to the European Convention on Human Rights, the Russian government should reconsider the scope of its counter-terrorism laws to guarantee the right to freedom of religion for all of its inhabitants," Wilkinson continued.Wilkinson, who is the leading lawyer on Ossewaarde's case, noted that while the law was intended at preventing terrorist activity, it had a "devastating" effect on religious activities that cannot be considered dangerous in any sense.Ossewaarde has previously stated that the Russian court refused his request to allow time for his lawyers to come from Moscow for the initial hearing. The court appointed another lawyer who advised him to accept the verdict and pay the fine without appeal. The lawyer also told the pastor that it would be better for him to leave the city because anything could happen to him and his family.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Toronto Pride Parade in 2011.
An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.In the lawsuit, the homosexual activists argued that the participants of the parade were defamed when the group, led by Christian activist Bill Whatcott, infiltrated the parade dressed as green "gay zombies" as they handed out "information leaflets."The leaflets, which were made to appear like packets of condoms, contained information about the physical and spiritual dangers of homosexual practices, according to Life Site News.The case was dismissed on a technicality by Justice Paul Perell, who stated in his ruling in Hudspeth v. Whatcott that the plaintiffs George Smitherman and Christopher Hudspeth could not claim defamation of an entire group, such as the parade participants or "LGTBTQ2SI Community," but only of individuals."The civil law, generally speaking, is concerned with the civil rights of individuals. The doctrinal problem is there is no common law cause of action by a community for defamation, intentional infliction of mental distress, and civil conspiracy to injure," Perell wrote in his ruling.He stated that the plaintiffs could continue the case if they were able to produce individuals who claimed to be defamed, injured, or inflicted by mental distress due to the information packets. The homosexual activists were given 30 days to find such individuals.The judge also ruled that the packets distributed by Whatcott were a form of "hate speech," which would mean that his actions at the parade could not be protected as a "legitimate exercise of freedom of expression."Perell also ordered Whatcott to name the other half a dozen anonymous "zombies" who helped out in distributing the info packets as well as the "unidentified financial backers" who funded the expenses of the group. The judge argued that it is "necessary" to know the identity of the individuals who helped Whatcott if the homosexual activists decide to pursue further legal action.Whatcott said he would rather go to prison than reveal the names of his friends and supporters to the homosexuality activists. He noted that he could face prolonged jail time if he does not comply with the order."Generally, Christians should comply with secular courts, but not when complying harms the innocent or when the order is unjust in the eyes of God," he said.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








David Daleiden appears in a screen capture of a video from Texas Right to Life.
The California attorney general has filed 15 felony charges on Tuesday against pro-life activists David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt of the Center for Medical Progress (CMP) for their part in recording videos during their undercover investigation of Planned Parenthood in 2015.California's Attorney General Xavier Becerra alleged that Daleiden and Merritt broke the state's privacy law by filming their conversations with Planned Parenthood officials and others without their consent.The pro-life activists were charged with one felony count for each of the 14 people they filmed without permission between October 2013 and July 2015 in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and El Dorado counties. The 15th charge against the pair was for criminal conspiracy to invade privacy. CMP stated on its website on Tuesday that the charges were "bogus.""The public knows the real criminals are Planned Parenthood and their business partners," CMP said in a statement."We look forward to showing the entire world what is on our yet-unreleased videotapes of Planned Parenthood's criminal baby body parts enterprise, in vindication of the First Amendment rights of all," it continued.The investigation against Daleiden and Merritt began after the 2015 release of the undercover videos of their meetings with abortionists and fetal procurement companies in California and Texas. The pair used fake identities claiming to represent fictitious businesses in order to discuss the illegal sales of fetal remains with officials of Planned Parenthood and biomedical companies.Planned Parenthood denied the allegation that it was involved in illegal sales of aborted baby parts and said that the videos were deceptively edited propaganda."As we have said from the beginning, and as more than a dozen different state investigations have made clear: Planned Parenthood has done nothing wrong, and the only people who broke the law are those behind the fraudulent tapes," Mary Alice Carter, Planned Parenthood Federation of America's interim vice president of communications, said in a statement.Under California law, both parties are required to give consent to the recording of what could be "reasonably" considered as a confidential conversation. However, it "excludes a communication made in a public gathering" or other circumstances in which the both parties may expect the conversation to be overheard or recorded.Planned Parenthood was able to avoid federal charges, but it continues to face the loss of federal funding due to the outrage among conservative lawmakers over the videos. Some of the biomedical companies are currently being investigated or facing charges for illegal profiteering, according to World Magazine.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








The 12th Flying Training Wing Headquarters at Randolph Air Force Base, part of Joint Base San Antonio.
A U.S. Air Force flight surgeon has claimed that he was punished by a commanding officer because of his Biblical beliefs about marriage and sexuality.Air Force Col. Michael Madrid, a decorated Air Force veteran and a flight surgeon, had been accused of making derogatory statements about homosexuality in 2013. He was cleared of the charges in 2014, but two years later, a new commander concluded that he lied. Despite the lack of new evidence or the lack of investigation, Maj. Gen. John E. McCoy placed a Letter of Admonishment on Madrid's record, which would ensure that he would never be promoted again.First Liberty Institute, a law firm dedicated to protecting religious liberty, sent a letter to Major Gen. Mark Brown at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, on Wednesday, asking him to rescind the Letter of Admonishment and the Unfavorable Information File on the Colonel's record."Col. Madrid submitted to an extensive military investigation and the Air Force cleared him," Mike Berry, Director of Military Affairs for the First Liberty, wrote, according to Breitbart News."Major General McCoy has no right to ignore the rule of law and arbitrarily decide, more than two years later and without any new evidence, that he can punish Col. Madrid," Berry continued.The complaint against Madrid was filed by an Airman who has been charged with multiple criminal offenses, including illegally bringing a loaded weapon onto the Air Force base, illegally prescribing narcotics and performing duties under the influence of narcotics. The Airman, who happened to be homosexual, was soon court-martialed and found guilty of all the charges.Madrid had tried to mentor the Airman, who was struggling with his medical career, but he supported the court-martial because of the severity of the crimes.During the court-martial, the Airman filed a complaint against Madrid, alleging that he made derogatory comments about homosexuality. Madrid denied the accusations, but he submitted to an Air Force investigation.The investigation against Madrid was eventually closed in 2014 after the Air Force found the allegations "unsubstantiated."First Liberty called on the Air Force to hold McCoy accountable for his actions and to provide justice and due process to Madrid."I feel like I've been singled out because of my faith. Now I'm afraid if I say anything about even being a Christian, I'll step on a landmine that could blow up my career," Madrid told Breitbart News."I just want to resolve this situation and have the letter removed from my record so I can continue to serve our nation with honor," he added.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Pastor Andrew Brunson appears in a screen capture of a video from the YouTube channel of the American Center for Law and Justice.
An American pastor who was imprisoned in Turkey due to his alleged ties to a terrorist organization is pleading with President Donald Trump to "fight" for his release.Pastor Andrew Brunson, who carried out his ministry in the Turkish coastal town of Izmir for two decades, has been in custody since October last year after he and his wife were called in by Turkish authorities for a routine visa check.Brunson was able to deliver a written statement to U.S. embassy officials when they came to visit him in prison on Tuesday, The Christian Post reported."I have been imprisoned since October 7, 2016. During this time the Turkish government has produced no proof and has rebuffed numerous attempts by the American government to secure my return to the United States. In fact they are treating the U.S. government with contempt and paying no price for it," the pastor wrote.Brunson defended his long track record as a pastor and insisted that he has been falsely accused of being a member of a terrorist group."I plead with my government – with the Trump Administration – to fight for me. I ask the State Department to impose sanctions. I appeal to President Trump: please help me. Let the Turkish government know that you will not cooperate with them in any way until they release me. Please do not leave me here in prison," he continued.Earlier this month, Brunson's 19-year-old daughter, Jacqueline, pleaded for an audience with Trump and asked for his help in securing his release. She said that the family believes that it would be helpful to have the president personally argue for the pastor's case to get him back home safely.Brunson's case has been taken up by the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ) and Sen. James Lankford (R-Okla.), who personally traveled to the Turkish capital of Ankara last December to learn more about the charges against the pastor.In a recent letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Lankford pointed out that Congress had granted the Executive Branch with sanction authority to use against government officials who are responsible for human rights violations. He stated that the U.S. government must not allow American citizens to spend time in a foreign prison without a concrete plan to secure their release.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








People inspect the damage after an attack by Islamic State militants in the city of Kirkuk, Iraq, October 22, 2016.
The findings of a study conducted by a Catholic charity in northern Iraq has indicated that the cost of rebuilding the villages destroyed by the Islamic State could exceed US$200 million (£160 million).The study, conducted by Aid to the Church in Need (ACN) on 12 Christian villages, found that 11,704 homes had suffered damage, 669 of which were completely destroyed, Independent Catholic News reported.ACN's Middle East Projects Coordinator Fr. Andrzej Halemba, who oversaw the study, noted that the charity is working with churches to come up with plans to allow Christians to return to their homes."Of course, ACN will support reconstruction, but we have to work together with other charities - alone it would be impossible to manage this," said Halemba."We were expecting the families to start going back in June and ACN has to be ready to help them to go back. But the latest information indicates that some families have decided to go back to the villages already during winter, despite the harsh weather conditions and very poor or destroyed infrastructure," he added.Some Christians have already started going back to the Nineveh Plains, and the survey conducted by the charity revealed that there is a growing appetite among the displaced communities to go home.The charity asked 1,500 displaced families, who sought sanctuary in Erbil, if they wanted to return to their villages now that they have been liberated from ISIS. Out of 1,308 respondents, 87 percent said they might be willing to return, with 41 percent saying they definitely want to go back."Hope is coming back to the Nineveh Plains. Despite the many urgent questions that need clarification, people are willing to return to their villages," Halemba noted.The survey also found that 57 percent of the respondents reported having their possessions plundered, and over 25 percent noted that their papers have been stolen.About 1,000 people have returned to the Nineveh town of Telskuf and other parts of the region, which was under the control of ISIS between August 2014 and November 2016.Unlike its neighboring village in Batnaya, where most homes were demolished, only 66 houses were destroyed in Telskuf, allowing 85 families to return by early March this year. However, 879 houses sustained some damage. There is still no electricity, and the water has to be bused in, but shops have already started selling meat and vegetables.ACN is still supporting 12,000 families in Erbil. The charity inspected the damage to social institutions such as schools, clinics and church buildings, but it only processed the data on private homes.Meanwhile, the operation to reclaim the Iraqi city of Mosul from ISIS continues. The terror group has used a number of civilians as human shields. According to the U.N., at least 307 people have been killed between Feb. 17 and March 22 in the battle for the city.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Evin House of Detention. 24 August 2008, 14:06
Iranian Christian convert Maryam Naghash Zargaran, who is currently incarcerated in the women's ward of Evin Detention Centre in Tehran, is in need of urgent medical care after suffering from severe weight loss.Zargaran, who was sentenced to four years' imprisonment in connection with her work at an orphanage with pastor Saeed Abedini, is suffering from multiple health issues, including ASD hole-in-the-heart disease, "drastic" weight loss, weakness, depression, and trauma.According to Mohabat News, Zargaran's health deteriorated last week and she is in urgent need of medical care by specialists.Zargaran has engaged in several hunger strikes to protest the denial of her access to medical treatment. Last August, she was allowed to leave prison for a medical leave, but she was ordered to return before the completion of her treatment.When she returned to prison in December, she was informed that her sentence had been extended by 42 days to make up for the time she went on medical leave.Zargaran's case was highlighted in Amnesty International's July 2016 report titled "Iran: Health taken hostage: Cruel denial of medical care in Iran's prisons."The report noted that Zargaran recounted an incident when "the prison doctor had harassed her and sworn at her the [first] time she was on a hunger strike and accused her of 'lying'" about it.Amnesty International further noted that Zargaran's heart problem, known as atrial septal defect (ASD), required ongoing monitoring and follow-up checkups with a cardiologist, but she did not have regular access to such care since her imprisonment in 2013.Zargaran's incarceration has also taken a toll on her mother, who is diagnosed with "brain illness" due to the stress caused by her frequent visits to government prosecutors to inquire about her daughter's case.According to the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom's report in April 2016, Zargaran is one of about 90 Christians who are "in prison, detained or awaiting trial because of their religious beliefs and activities."Henriette Kats, an analyst from the advocacy group Open Doors, noted that the Iranian regime has "intensified its campaign to remove Farsi-speaking [Persian-speaking] Christians from the country.""During past years, many churches have been shut down, confiscated or forced to cancel their church services in Farsi. Their leaders were also often arrested. Congregations who still gather in churches are not allowed to accept new members with a Muslim background and their current members are aging," she added.Iran is currently ranked on the Open Doors World Watch List as the fifth most difficult country to live in as a Christian.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








A widow, who lost her husband during clashes with herdsmen, holds a banner with the photograph of her husband, as she cries during a community dialogue meeting in Nimbo town in Nigeria's southeastern state of Enugu August 4, 2016.
Muslim Fulani herdsmen are said to be responsible for killing more than 200 people living in predominantly Christian communities in the central Nigerian state of Nasarawa this year.One of the latest attacks occurred during a church service on March 19 in Oshugu village, where two Christians were killed and hundreds were displaced from the Loko Development Area of the Nasarawa Local Government Area (LGA)."The attack on our village occurred this morning while we were in the church," a survivor identified only as Ittah told Morning Star News on the day of the incident."Our village head and one other person died, and many were injured. The sad thing is that these Fulanis have been attacking our communities, and no one is doing anything about it," Ittah continued.The Nasarawa-based Ajiri Afo Development Association has sent a petition to Nigeria's National State Assembly on March 16 to call attention to the "killings, rapes, and kidnappings" committed by armed Fulani herdsmen against the villagers. It noted that over 200 people have been killed, and 500 others have been injured since January."We are in pain and distressed, we are dying as a result of this destruction to our economic activity in our lands. Most of our farms and villages are now deserted due to insecurity," Aminu Suleiman, president of the association, stated in the petition.He reported that Fulani herdsmen have continually carried out attacks and kidnappings on Ajiri Afo farmers and villages in Nasarawa LGA, Kokona LGA, Agwada, Udege, and Loko Development Areas.The petition noted that the herdsmen attacked the villages of Udeni Magaji, Ogeni, Oshugu, Odeni Gida, Odu, Oseni, Ogufa, Ogapa, Gwende, and Ajaga."We want the government to also ensure the security of the affected communities against further attacks," Suleiman stated.Fulani herdsmen have been carrying out attacks on Christian farmers in Plateau, Bauchi, Kaduna, Taraba, and Adamawa states for years, but analysts have recently begun to see links between the assailants and the Islamic extremist groups who are intent on exploiting longstanding ethnic, property, and religious conflicts.On Tuesday, at least 15 communities in Orumba-South Local Government of Anambra State lamented that Fulani herdsmen were raping their wives and children.Chukwudi Ugochukwu, the spokesperson of the community, made the allegation while speaking during a stakeholders meeting at Orumba-South Local Government Council Secretariat.Ugochukwu claimed that the herdsmen are destroying the people's livelihoods by allowing their cows to graze on farms. He said that some women and girls who were on their way to the farms have been raped by the herdsmen. He further noted that no fewer than 20 cases of rape have been reported, but he said some have refused to talk for fear of being stigmatized.About 51 percent of Nigeria's population are Christians, while 45 percent are Muslims. Nigeria is currently ranked as the 12th on the Open Doors World Watch List of countries where Christians suffer the most persecution.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.








Terry McAuliffe stands onstage during a campaign rally in Dale City, Virginia, October 27, 2013.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe has rejected a legislation that was aimed at prohibiting the government from punishing those who refuse to participate in same-sex weddings due to their religious convictions.Two identical bills, Senate Bill 1324 and House Bill 2025, were vetoed last week by McAuliffe, who said in a statement that the legislation is "nothing more than an attempt to stigmatize."Senate Bill 1324, introduced by state Sen. Charles Carrico (R-Galax), would not require any individual or religious institution to "participate in the solemnization of any marriage" that conflicts with "a sincerely held religious belief or moral conviction that marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman," Washington Blade reported.The identical bill was introduced by State Del. Nick Freitas (R-Culpeper) in the Virginia House of Delegates.The Democratic governor also vetoed a similar proposal last year. Republican supporters of the legislation said that it is necessary to protect religious freedom.The legislation also sought to protect churches and other religious organizations from losing state contracts, tax benefits, grants or other benefits for upholding their beliefs in traditional marriage.The governor argued that the Constitution already protects legitimate religious freedoms and claimed that the legislation would have been detrimental to the state's economy if it was signed into law.McAuliffe, who is often at odds with the Republican-led General Assembly over social issues, has now vetoed more legislation than any Virginia governor in history.The two bills were introduced after McAuliffe issued Executive Order 61, which requires the state to enter into government contracts only with businesses and organizations that have anti-discrimination policies that protect homosexuals and transgenders in "its employment practices, subcontracting practices, and delivery of goods or services."Some Christian groups accused McAuliffe of being discriminatory. The Family Foundation of Virginia contended that the bills would have ensured that a religious charity would not be denied access to state benefits for upholding its beliefs on traditional marriage."[O]nce again, Governor McAuliffe sided with the radical LGBT lobby and the ACLU in claiming that protecting the faiths of countless churches, religious schools and religious organizations amounts to discrimination and even going so far as to say it equates to 'demonizing people,'" the group said in a statement."The governor, of course, is all too comfortable with demonizing anyone who happens to disagree with him!" the group added.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.The Al-Qaida linked terrorist group al-Shabaab has accused international aid agencies of being ineffective and is reportedly distributing food aid in drought-stricken parts of Somalia.A U.S. appeals court has upheld a gag order that prevents a pro-life group from releasing more undercover videos that purportedly shows Planned Parenthood employees selling fetal tissue for profit.Rollins College has lifted the suspension of the Christian student who challenged his Muslim professor's claims about Christianity.Vimeo, one of the leading video sharing platforms on the internet, has removed a Christian ministry's entire catalog of 850 videos after the company deemed its content to be demeaning towards homosexuals.Three major church groups have banded together to form a committee that aims to rebuild the communities that were devastated by the Islamic State terror group in Iraq.Iran's morality police were seen instructing women to wear the Islamic veil even when entering a Christian church.Several churches in Tajikistan are now under investigation for having children and teens under 18 at religious services.The Islamic State terror group celebrated the St. Petersburg subway bombing on Monday that killed at least 14 people and injured more than 40.An Ontario judge has dismissed a $104 million-plus class-action defamation lawsuit brought by homosexual activists against a Christian group who infiltrated the Toronto Pride Parade last year.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.