In the pictures (see above and below), an IS gunman is seen reading out the “indictment” to a crowd of bystanders and IS activists, after which a “defendant” was thrown to his death from a nearby rooftop.Nineveh is the district in which the battle of Mosul is taking place, pitting IS forces against the Iraqi army and troops of the US-led international coalition.The man’s “crime” was likely committed in the city where IS is fighting to keep its foothold in the wake of six months of bloody fighting.However, IS’ propaganda organ insists on showing that it is unfazed by the offensive, and remains committed to spreading Sharia and Islamic rule.Simultaneously, IS disseminated pictures of the organization’s mosques and charity unit in action in the southern Syrian town of Sahmam Aliawlan, showing the activists handing out religious material, giving lessons in local mosques and renovating houses of worship.From the city of Raqqa, where IS also struggles to fend off a US- and Russian-backed Kurdish offensive, the organization published pictures of day-to-day commercial activity. However, unlike similar campaigns in the past, the pictures did not include a plethora of patrons.Breitbart Jerusalem, Jihad, homosexuality, Iraq, Islamic State, Kurdish offensive, Nineveh, Sahmam Aliawlan, Sharia Law








The report cited sources which also indicated that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) knew of the existence of the information in January, but one or more intelligence agencies blocked him, and there were only two locations where he could view the information that he called “very troubling.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEROn Thursday, the New York Times began reporting what they claimed were the identities of two White House officials who were the sources of the information disclosed to Nunes.Nunes met with sources on White House grounds on the day before he announced to reporters striking news that he had seen new and disturbing information indicating intelligence officials under the Obama administration “unmasked” the names of Trump team members who were incidentally surveilled.On Saturday President Donald Trump tweeted:Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked….— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017The Friday Fox News report cited “a number of sources” with claims that not only were the two White House officials not the sources of the information shared with Nunes, but that Nunes knew of the information in January, and that the agencies where the information came from had blocked Nunes from gaining access to it. Further, the report cited officials within the agencies who said they were frustrated with the spreading of names for political purposes.“Our sources, who have direct knowledge of what took place, were upset because those two individuals, they say, had nothing to do with the outing of this information,” Fox reported.“We’ve learned that the surveillance that led to the unmasking of what started way before President Trump was even the GOP nominee,” reported Adam Housley. “The person who did the unmasking, I’m told, is very well known, very high up, very senior in the intelligence world and is not in the FBI.”“This led to other surveillance which led to multiple names being unmasked. Again these are private citizens in the United States,” said Housley. “This had nothing to do with Russia, I’m told, or foreign intelligence of any kind.”The two named in Thursday’s reports as the sources of the information in those stories were not Nunes sources. “It was a navigation situation and the reason why they had to navigate, I’m told, is that Nunes learned about this unmasking and who this was, taking place back in January.”“It took, obviously, a number of weeks to try to figure out a way for him to see this intelligence, because the agencies were stonewalling, we’re told, to allow him and others to see it,” said Housley. “This is all coming from folks that are in these agencies and frustrated with the politics that is taking place in these agencies.”“We’re told that the main issue here is not only the unmasking of the names, but the spreading of names for political purposes that have nothing to do with national security and everything to do with hurting and embarrassing Trump and his team,” reported Housley.“Fox also learned that an individual with direct knowledge that after Nunes had been approached by his source, the agencies basically would not allow him in at all,” said Housley.Nunes and the White House have faced heated questions from the press about Nunes’s viewing of the information on White House grounds; however, the Fox report added that there were only two places where Nunes could have viewed the information. One was at the agencies where the information came from, which the reporting notes would have put the source at risk, and the other location was on the 18-acre White House grounds. Housley noted that the Old Executive Office Building is on White House grounds. He also specified where information after hours and where highly sensitive information may be accessed.Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana Big Government, Breitbart TV, Devin Nunes, Donald Trump, FOX NEWS, Intelligence, unmasked, White House








NEW YORK (AP) — Fox News host Bill O’Reilly says he is “vulnerable to lawsuits” because of his high-profile job, in response to a New York Times report detailing payouts made to settle accusations of sexual harassment and other inappropriate behavior.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERO’Reilly posted the statement to his website after the Times report Saturday, and Fox News’ parent company 21st Century Fox backed him in a statement.The newspaper reported (http://nyti.ms/2nHTteJ ) that O’Reilly or 21st Century Fox have paid $13 million to five women since 2002 over these complaints “in exchange for agreeing to not pursue litigation or speak about their accusations against him.”The story said more than 60 people were interviewed, including current and former employees of Fox News or its parent company and people who know the women behind the complaints or are close to O’Reilly. Most demanded anonymity.21st Century Fox, which is still dealing with the legal fallout from sexual harassment charges against former Fox News head Roger Ailes, did not reply to questions about the O’Reilly payouts. But the company said in a statement that it had looked into “these matters” in the past few months and discussed them with O’Reilly.The company said O’Reilly “resolved those he regarded as his personal responsibility,” although he denied their merits.The company said it “takes matters of workplace behavior very seriously” and that “Mr. O’Reilly is fully committed to supporting our efforts to improve the environment for all our employees at Fox News.”O’Reilly’s statement did not deny the payments. “Just like other prominent and controversial people, I’m vulnerable to lawsuits from individuals who want me to pay them to avoid negative publicity,” it said.Ailes left last summer amid sexual harassment charges, which he has denied. Fox also reportedly fired an executive, Francisco Cortes, after a sexual assault complaint and paid his accuser more than $2.5 million in a settlement.Big Government








House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” called on “some adults in the Republican Party” stand up to President Donald Trump and tell him that he is “bringing dishonor” to the presidency.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“[W]e have a crazy system here where we have a president who is tweeting things on the basis of very little knowledge, but that isn’t a problem for him,” Pelosi told host Joy Reid. “So, really I think that there should be some adults in the Republican Party who would say, ‘Please, you bring dishonor to the office of the president by making it look like it’s a personal acquisition of yours.’ No, it is a public responsibility. Honor it.”Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrentBreitbart TV, AM Joy, Donald Trump, MSNBC, Nancy Pelosi








“I would hope the new president would get more aggressive and demand that these departments and agencies provide the documents that Congress is seeking,” said Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT), who took over the committee at the start of the previous session of Congress. “I don’t think they are off to a good start.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERUp until the end of March, the chairman said he indulged the Trump administration’s need to settle in, he said.The chairman was careful to note that regarding new requests the committee sent to the administration, the response has been prompt and cooperative, such as with inquiries into the Government Services Administration lease of the Old Post Office building to the Trump Organization, now operating the Trump International Hotel there. “That was disposed of right on time.”Chaffetz said that all requests to the President Barack Obama administration are still active, and before the inauguration, he sent a letter to then-incoming White House Counsel Donald McGahn informing him that he expected the Trump administration to have a better record complying with congressional requests than Obama’s. “We expect these to be fulfilled.”The problem is that many of the same people who obstructed congressional inquiries before Jan. 20 are still in place after Jan. 20, he said. “The non-political appointees, who were giving us the stiff arm in the past and they’re giving us the stiff arm now.”There is now a culture of non-disclosure and uncooperativeness inside the executive branch that has to change, he said.“It is just stunning the creativity and reluctance to provide a basic document, and I have not seen anything change in the first 70-odd days,” he said.“We are still in court over Fast and Furious,” he said. “Fast and Furious was this gun-running scheme, where the administration, knowingly and willingly, gave the drug cartels nearly 2,000 weapons. They did this on purpose. Really bad idea.”Chaffetz went on to say:Instead of showing us the documents and showing us the information and coming clean on what they admit was a really bad operation that led to the death of an untold number of people–you had the attorney general himself personally–I am foreshadowing here because we have not released this–almost on a daily basis, personally get involved in exactly what they were going to provide to Congress, not provide Congress, as he personally on a daily basis went out there to try to manipulate the truth.That attorney general was Eric Holder.Another example of one of the committee’s open investigations is the Sept. 11, 2012 attacks on American personnel and facilities in Benghazi, Libya, he said.In that case, the Utah congressman said a Utah National Guardsman spoke to him privately about his tour of duty in Libya that ended shortly before the attacks.Chaffetz said he arranged to meet the soldier in a Secured Compartmented Intelligence Facility, or SCIF, in Utah. After that conversation, the congressman went to Libya himself to check out the situation.“It was not the safest decision I ever made,” he said. Security personnel would not allow him to sleep overnight at the American embassy in Tripoli.“I got back, and I started to pepper the administration,” he said.When Chaffetz returned, Obama administration officials repeatedly mislead him about facts on the ground there, seemingly unaware that the congressman had learned the facts on the ground there by being there himself.“They were in total denial,” he said. “Almost every single fact that I learned there they denied.”The frustrations dealing with the Obama White House were not just political, but also institutional, he said.There is an inherent conflict of interest when the House of Representatives must rely on the executive, the Department of Justice, to enforce its subpoenas and prosecute individuals working in the executive branch.Most times, requests to the executive are dead letters until Congress or a third-party, such Judicial Watch, convinces a judge to order the bureaucrats to comply, he said.“It shouldn’t have to be that way,” he said.Watch the full presentation by Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) at Judicial Watch: 
Big Government, Benghazi, Eric Holder, Fast and Furious, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Judicial Watch, Libya, Rep. Jason Chaffetz, scif, Tripoli, Utah National Guard








On Friday’s “PBS NewsHour,” New York Times columnist David Brooks stated that while “the case is still out” on whether there are ties between Russia and the Trump campaign, the Trump administration does have “high levels of incompetence.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERHe stated, “We have a tendency to get a little overhyped to some of the Trump scandals. We go to outrage level 11 at every moment. And I think the Russia — the case is still out how serious it is, whether there’s actual ties between Russia and the Trump campaign, which I think is the core of it, where Paul Manafort came from, whether there was any money laundering, and things like that. There’s a lot we don’t know. And I’m trying to not prejudge it.”Brooks continued, “What we do know is, there’s high levels of incompetence. And we have a president who tweeted this wiretapping tweet, which was completely wrong. That’s incompetence. We have this young man in the National Security Agency who the — who his boss tried to get rid of, but was preserved by Steve Bannon, who was involved in giving information to Nunes — Chairman [Devin] Nunes (R-CA). We have Nunes himself, who is behaving incompetently. Forget he’s too close to the Trump campaign. There’s a way to conduct an investigation. And it’s not to cancel hearings willy-nilly. It’s not to go brief the guy you’re supposed to be investigating. It’s not to create a civil war within your own committee. And so, we have just levels and levels and levels of just incompetence, of people who just do not know how to play this game. And when that happens, you never know what’s going to happen next. And so I don’t know if it’s a scandal in the class of the Watergate scandal, but it’s not inspiring to see what we’ve been seeing.”Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchettBreitbart TV, David Brooks, Donald Trump, Russia








SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERJody Kuchler, 55, recorded the revealing video as he called police to report the hazardous driving of 20-year-old Jack Dillon Young, the pickup truck’s driver. The San Antonio Express-News released the video showing the white Dodge pickup truck repeatedly crossing the center line and right shoulder marker. Kuchler recorded for approximately 20 minutes while attempting to get police to respond, the Daily Mail reported.A total of fourteen members of the First Baptist Church of New Braunfels, Texas, traveled to the Garner State Park area in Uvalde County, west of San Antonio, Breitbart Texas reported. The church bus collided with a white pickup truck at about 12:30 p.m. on Wednesday.DPS Spokesman Sergeant Conrad Hein told the Associated Press two passengers in the bus and the driver of the pickup truck sustained injuries in the crash. An ambulance transported the survivors to a hospital where they underwent treatment for their injuries.KSAT ABC12 in San Antonio obtained audio of Kuchler’s calls to police. “‘He’s going to hit somebody head on or he’s going to kill his own damn self. Somebody needs to get this guy off the road,” he told Real County sheriff’s office dispatchers. “He’s going like 80 miles an hour right now.”The dispatcher told the caller they were unable to respond as the driver was still in Uvalde County, the Daily Mail reported.Real County dispatchers contacted neighboring Uvalde County. The Uvalde County Sheriff’s Office dispatched officers to the scene but the crash occurred before they could arrive, CBSDFW reported.Kuchler told reporters he recorded up to the moment of the collision with the church bus. He said they driver, Young, told him, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I was texting.” Kuchler said he responded, “Son, do you know what you just did?” to which Young responded, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash.Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.Breitbart Texas, Pre-Viral, Texas Church Bus Crash, Texas Department of Public Safety








SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERIn this video from YouTube, Professor Matthew Weathers tricks his students into thinking his projection screen is on fire with some very impressive video-editing skills.According to the Daily Mail, the prank was filmed at Biola University in California. The prank begins with the professor pretending to “accidentally” mark his projector screen with a whiteboard marker.He tries to wipe away the mark, but when he fails to do so, he pulls up a pre-recorded video of himself.His students start shouting, “What!” and begin to laugh as the video recording tries to remove the mark with an image of a cat.He then grabs a lightsaber from a Star Wars clip and “cuts” out a section of the screen.“I think the lightsaber was too hot!” the professor says, as the screen behind him appears to catch on fire.The students in the room erupted in applause once the video came to an end.Breitbart California, Education, Pre-Viral, april fool's day, Biola University, California, fire, marker, Math, Prank, Professor, projector, video, whiteboard








In a video titled “Letting Go Of Milo” the YouTube star announced that she would now be going by the name Quinby Stewart to avoid confusion with “the other Milo” who Stewart repeatedly refers to as “Milo Minneapolis” throughout the video, whether this is done in an attempt to mock MILO or if the YouTube star really does lack basic reading comprehension is anyone’s guess.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“I guess I’ve been growing exceedingly tired of being called Milo because of the obvious comparison that a lot of people like to make online between me and another person who is called Milo,” said Stewart in the video. Stewart then discusses how she must change her name to save her own mental health, “I chose my name not knowing who Milo Minneapolis was,” she continues, “When my YouTube videos started getting exposed to anti-feminist communities people would comment things about the other Milo.”“It’s not a great thing for my mental health to have that associated with my name,” says Stewart. The video now has 32,000 views and nearly 3,000 dislikes in comparison to the 516 likes the video has received. One YouTube commenter called Stewart out on the pronunciation of MILO’s name, “Regardless of how you feel about him, I would respect you a lot more if you bothered to pronounce his name correctly,” they said. While another user questioned how hard Stewart’s life really is saying, “She obviously doesn’t have any REAL problems to worry about like getting a job, education, money.”Watch Quinby Stewart’s full video, “Letting Go Of Milo” below.Milo, Tech, Milo, Minneapolis, Name, Quinby Stewart, Yiannopoulos








“How dare this mayor says ‘We won’t allow ICE or the FBI to do their job,'” Dietl said, shortly after de Blasio upped his opposition to the enforcement of federal immigration laws. “If ‘Big Bird de Blasio’ wants them [ilegals]  in New York, I will tell you what I would do, send the MS-13 gang over to Gracie Mansion.” SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERHe continued:de Blasio has no idea what he is doing regarding this issue … We should not allow felons and criminal illegal gang members like MS-13 to be in this country. When they go to Rikers Island [jail], these criminals should be turned over to ICE.Public concern about MS-13 has risen amid a crime wave by illegal alien MS-13 members in New York’s Long Island.Dietl’s stinging criticism of de Blasio was accompanied by a promise to work with other politicians if he gets elected as mayor in November.“I really believe that I can work really well with the governor and stop the antagonistic attitude of this mayor to the governor and to the president,” Dietl said Thursday morning in a Press Conference outside Governor Cuomo’s New York office. “We got to realize one thing — whether you like Donald Trump or not, he’s our president for the next four years. There is a word called ‘compromise’ and [de Blasio] needs to compromise with the President and the governor of this great state.” Dietl stated as mayor, he would go to Washington to sit down with President Trump and work with the fellow New Yorker on issues such as immigration enforcement and obtaining federal funding for affordable housing and infrastructure. “I’ll say to him, ‘Mr. President, you love this city. The Brooklyn Bridge is falling and what we need is federal funding from Washington.’” Dietl said. “Wouldn’t it be good to get as much money as we can out of him instead of being antagonistic with him?”The press conference began with Dietl continuing his push to ask the Governor to open an independent investigation regarding the mayor’s campaign finance violations, despite de Blasio has been cleared by both New York’s federal U.S. Attorney and the Manhattan District Attorney’s office.“This is not over. Just because they didn’t have enough to indict him on criminal charges, there is enough evidence to take de Blasio down on civil charges and make him return that money he raised and fine him,” Dietl said, while reading a two-page letter he sent to the Governor. “I want the Governor, who is against corruption to not let de Blasio get away with it. New York City is not a pay-to-pay city. Let keep it clean from corruption,” Dietl said.“New York City needs a mayor for all the people, not just people that will give him money like the big union backers,” Dietl said. “New York will not stand for a mayor as corrupt as him. He talks about the tale of two cities, well he is on the tale of the rich side.”He added, “Why are we re-electing him. Once he gets re-elected, de Blasio is going to become more lazy, he won’t even show up to work. What has this mayor done the past three and a half years to give him the credit to now be re-elected.”
Big Government, Bill de Blasio, Bo Dietl, Mayor, New York








According to the Salt Lake Tribune,  the deceased suspect, 33-year-old Puleaga Danny Tupu, was one of two men who allegedly forced their way into the apartment. Resident and Marine veteran Brian Sant was awake at the time, as he had just arrived home from working the third shift and was sitting in his living room.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERSant fought with the men until his 29-year-old son emerged from a back room and shot both suspects. Tupu died at the scene, and the second suspect was taken to the hospital in critical condition.KSL reports that the surviving suspect “was shot multiple times.”Sant did not know why the men targeted his apartment, but he said they made a mistake by doing it: “You got veterans living around in these apartments. You don’t know who’s got a gun.”AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.2nd Amendment, Big Government, Brian Saint, Home Invasion, Second Amendment, Self-Defense








Unfortunately for these Californians, their vote total was dwarfed by the 8.75 million that went for Hillary Clinton from the Golden State, as her 61 percent vote share constituted the biggest landslide since FDR carried the state in 1936.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERSo if you’re a Trump supporter in California, for the most part you try to keep your political affiliation incognito. That means no bumper stickers on your car. No lawn signs on your property. No post-election parties. You keep your gloating and hopefulness behind closed doors.It’s that way because doing anything otherwise could be downright physically unsafe and socially damaging. Never mind the outright violence that greeted Milo in Berkeley, even a small gathering of Trump supporters in Huntington Beach (in Orange Country, the last GOP stronghold in coastal California) was marred by unruly, and possibly criminal, agitators.The social and professional cost could be profound for some Trump supporters. In a Los Angeles Times profile, Ed and Maggie Ring spoke about a nearly 20-year friendship that abruptly ended after the couple’s support for Trump became known.“ ‘I don’t want you around my children,’ ” Ed Ring recalled his former friends’ message via Facebook ending their relationship as he recounted to the Times. “That really hurt.”Honestly, however, the Rings’ story is a dime a dozen across a state that’s effectively under one-party rule, with the Democrats owning super majorities in both state legislatures and every state-wide office. In November, two Democrats – Kamala Harris and Loretta Sanchez – faced off for the U.S. senate seat vacated by Barbara Boxer as no Republican made it through the primaries that go to the top two vote-getters regardless of party affiliation.Your own humble correspondent has his own share of stories to tell. Without boring you with too much detail, I’ve seen first-hand several friendships broken up and business relations ruined during the lead-up to and after the November election. I’ve lost a good friend (I think), as I have not heard from him since he was jolted by the one-two punch of Trump’s victory and my decision to join Breitbart.Even my own dear sisters, one of whom campaigned for Barack Obama in 2008, had to retreat to their own respective safe spaces for awhile after November 8. They still love me, so that’s a hopeful sign for humanity that there’s still something thicker than politics.But the obstacles facing California’s Trump supporters, conservatives, or just anyone opposed to the Democratic agenda are no joke. While the rest of the nation can look forward to the rollback of all the excesses and abuses of the Obama years, California’s one-party machine is doubling down on all those disastrous policies, including continued harboring and supporting of illegal immigration, out-of-control environmental regulations, and more onerous tax increases.Just this past week, Gov. Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown announced a $5.2 billion tax hike to fix the state’s broken roads. The increase will come from raising the gas tax to nearly $1 per gallon and also vehicle registration fees. The funds are needed because for years the state has socked away gas-tax revenue into general funds to pay for, among other things, generous welfare benefits.Not to mention the $68 billion high-speed rail to nowhere.Adding insult to injury, the worst indignities suffered by Trump supporters in California sometimes come from friendly fire. Yes, we’ve heard all the jokes about how California should just fall into the Pacific Ocean… we should just secede from the union and no one will miss us… maybe the wall shouldn’t be built on the Mexican border but along the Sierra Nevada that divides the state from the rest of the country.But know this: There are a lot of us out here in the once glorious Golden State. It’s just that most of us are hiding in plain sight.Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru.2016 Presidential Race, Big Government, Breitbart California, California, Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton








Fox News Channel “Justice” host Judge Jeanine Pirro had a message Saturday for members of the left who refuse to accept President Donald Trump won the election, including newly elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee Tom Perez who said Friday at a rally that Trump did not win the election.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“I have a prediction to make,” Pirro said in her opening statement. “While the left acts like children who just can’t get over the fact that Hillary lost the election and simply won’t stop their abusive invectives against the man who was constitutionally elected, calling him ‘not legitimate,’ and his cabinet ‘scum bags,’ that man is doing the job we hired him to do.”She continued, “He is building up and modernizing the military, as well as strengthening law enforcement.”Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrentBreitbart TV, Fox News Channel, Judge Jeanine Pirro, Justice with Judge Jeanine, Tom Perez








During Saturday’s “AM Joy” on MSNBC, House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) argued that the GOP has an “anti-woman” and anti-LGBT agenda.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“[The Republican] agenda is very similar to [President Donald Trump’s]. If you look at their budget over the last few years, if you look at their opposition to anything to do with the environment, to climate change, and the rest, if you look at their anti-woman agenda, LGBT agenda, you name it, they’ve been there sooner, longer and in some cases, worse,” Pelosi said to Joy Reid.Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrentBreitbart TV, AM Joy, MSNBC, Nancy Pelosi








Republicans in Congress revoked the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) privacy rule against strong opposition from Democrats who regard the rule as essential for consumer privacy. Conservatives call the law duplicitous and unnecessary. Republicans and telecom industry groups argue that the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), not the FCC, traditionally protected consumer privacy.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe privacy bill would repeal regulations adopted in October by the FCC under the Obama administration. The regulation required internet services providers (ISPs) to protect consumer data more stringently than content providers such as Google and Facebook. The FCC required internet providers to obtain consumer consent before using location data, financial information, health, information, and web history for advertising.Breitbart News spoke with Phil Kerpen, president of American Commitment, about his organization’s opposition to the FCC’s broadband privacy rule. Kerpen told Breitbart News that the criticism against removing this regulation is unwarranted.“This is a deliberate disinformation campaign from the usual suspects from the tech-left and the media, and they’re completely misrepresenting the issue, and the conservatives are falling for the fake news narrative,” he told Breitbart News. “Up until 2015, the FTC protected consumer privacy, and then the FCC Net Neutrality order eviscerated the consumer protections at the FTC by pre-empting FTC’s jurisdiction. The FCC then came around and hammered ISP’s with draconian regulations that do not apply to Google or Facebook.”“This is especially concerning, considering they have considerably more access to your personal data than Comcast or Verizon,” Kerpen explained. “It’s insane that Google and Facebook have a near duopoly in the advertising game and they have less stringent rules in terms of what they can do with your private information.”The president of the American Commitment said that Google is trying to rig the system against ISPs. “Google has this whole array of left-leaning groups defending their favorite regulations that put them in their favor,” he claimed. “If you recall Gigi Sohn, the counselor to former Chairman Tom Wheeler, resigned from the FCC and she’s now at the Open Society Institute, and she’s working with George Soros, and they’re pushing a lot of money to these narratives. There’s a reason that former Chairman Wheeler waited until the last possible minute to institute these regulations. They knew these were very easy headlines to write, such as ‘Republicans in Congress Undo Privacy Rules’ specifically to create this distortion campaign to make it harder to get rid of Net Neutrality.”Kerpen added, “This whole fight against the ISPs is a sideshow, by far the biggest threat to consumer privacy is Google that has trackers on over 60 percent of all websites. Google owns YouTube, and they have trackers everywhere, and they’ve shifted the focus of the debate to issues that don’t regulate Google.”Katie McAuliffe, executive director of Digital Liberty, told Breitbart News, “This is nothing more than another Obama-era regulation that needs to be removed.”McAuliffe told Breitbart News that this broadband rule was another power grab by the Obama-era FCC. She said, “Obama’s FCC broadband rule was a power grab under the guise of privacy.”Big Government, Tech, Donald Trump, FCC, internet privacy








Rio Grande Sector Spokesperson Melissa Ash responded to an inquiry from Breitbart Texas as to how many previously deported sex offenders their agents arrested in their sector during Fiscal Year 2017 which began on October 1, 2016. She responded on Friday that as of March 13, agents apprehended 99 previously deported sex offenders. Since that time, agents arrested at least two more sex offenders after they illegally crossed from Mexico.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEROn Wednesday morning, Border Patrol agents assigned to the Mobile Response Team working in Brooks County (Falfurrias), apprehended a Mexican national. After taking the suspect to the Falfurrias Station, a records check revealed a criminal history that includes a charge in 2007 for Aggravated Sexual Assault, Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro reported in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. He is being processed for prosecution on a charge of illegal re-entry after being deported as a sex offender.About an hour later, McAllen Border Patrol agents working near Sullivan City, Texas, arrested a man from Guatemala. The Guatemalan national has a criminal history that includes Aggravated Sexual Battery. Castro reported the Guatemalan faced this charge in 2007.The Rio Grande Valley Sector reported the arrest of 1,100 criminal aliens since the beginning of Fiscal Year 2017. These numbers come from arrests made in the McAllen and Falfurrias Stations. Nearly ten percent of those arrests are violent sex offendersOther Border Patrol Sectors reported frequent arrests of previously deported sex offenders. These individuals are often a danger to the public due to the possibility of repeated offenses against women and children.Just two weeks ago, agents from the Tucson Sector arrested 46-year-old Rene Murillo-Almansa, a previously deported criminal alien. A records check carried out by the agents revealed Murillo-Almansa has an extensive criminal history and prior deportations. His most recent deportation occurred just weeks before his March arrest. A court convicted the Mexican national in 1994 for raping a child. He received a 24-month prison sentence. Authorities subsequently deported him to Mexico.Tucson Sector agents arrested two additional previously deported sex offenders about ten days later. Agents arrested Vicente Gonzalez-Hernandez, a previously deported sex offender from Mexico with a lengthy criminal history that includes a conviction for “felony assault to commit mayhem/rape” in the state of California.One day later, Tucson agents arrested Jose Luis Cornejo Contreras, near Douglas, Arizona.  The Mexican national’s criminal history includes a conviction for having sexual intercourse with a minor in the state of California, CBP Spokesman Rob Daniels stated in a press release. His criminal record also includes numerous convictions for battery.Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.Big Government, Border, Breitbart Texas, Brooks County, Falfurrias Border Patrol station, McAllen Station, Previously Deported Criminal Alien, Previously Deported Sex Offender, Rio Grande Valley Sector, Tucson Sector, U.S. Border Patrol








“We recommit ourselves this month to establishing a culture of respect and appreciation for the dignity of every human being,” Trump said in a statement.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe proclamation noted that on average there are 300,000 instances of rape or other sexual assault crimes committed every year, and vowed that his administration would fight to protect people from sexual violence. He also committed to fighting child pornography. The statement also called for young people to hold their peers accountable and adults to teach men and boys to prevent violence.“Our families, schools, and communities must encourage respect for women and children, who are the vast majority of victims, and promote healthy personal relationships,” the statement read.On Wednesday, First Lady Melania Trump also gave a speech calling for “the international community to stand up against violence toward women and children and declared the need for promoting women’s empowerment” at the State Department’s International Women of Courage Award ceremony.Trump’s committment to the issue of sexual assault drew predictable hatred from the left and Never Trumpers.“I wonder if Trump would encourage this same support of the 16 women who have publicly accused him of sexual assault,” wrote Huffington Post editor Emma Gray on Twitter. Gray wrote an article at the Huffington Post headlined “Accused Sexual Predator Proclaims April National Sexual Assault Awareness Month” as she complained that Trump’s statement “removes almost all references to rape culture.”“When I read Trump declared April, ‘National Sexual Assault Awareness Month’, I thought it was an April Fools joke,” CNN commentator Ana Navarro snarked on Twitter.“Trump declared April National Sexual Assault Awareness month. In related news, Putin named April National Don’t-Stand-By-Open-Windows month,” wrote actor George Takei on Twitter.“Irony just stabbed itself in the heart with a pair of dull scissors,” tweeted Kashana Cauley, a writer for The Daily Show.“Grab Em By The Pussy Month will be in May,” wrote MSNBC anchor Christopher Hayes.Big Government, Big Hollywood, Tech, Ana Navarro, Christopher Hayes, Donald Trump, Emma Gray, George Takei, kashana Cauley








In a searing three-minute comedy routine, Fey slammed President Trump’s proclamation Friday declaring April as National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“Earlier tonight, in what is surely an April Fools’ joke, the president proclaimed that next month will be National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, so now we know what he gave up for Lent,” the former Saturday Night Live star said.Riffing on reports that Vice President Pence declines to dine alone with women who are not his wife, Fey said, “Luckily, Mike Pence isn’t allowed to go down and shut Planned Parenthood unless his wife goes with him. So if we can just keep Karen busy scrapbooking, we can all still get Pap smears”:The fundraising telethon, which streamed live on Facebook, also featured Tracy Morgan, Amy Poehler, Jon Hamm, Mahershala Ali, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Tituss Burgess.At one point, “alternate universe current first daughter of the United States” Chelsea Clinton was introduced, and she addressed “voter suppression.”“The right to vote is the bedrock of our democracy,” Clinton said. “It gives us, each and every citizen, a voice in how our government works. Sadly, this fundamental right is under attack all across the country. Dozens of states have passed laws in recent years making it harder to vote. These laws disproportionately affect minority groups, the poor, and the elderly. Millions have been disenfranchised by voter ID laws alone.”Clinton also urged people to continue to resist Trump’s political agenda.“I’m not giving up,” she said. “I hope that none of you are giving up because we know that our right to vote is fundamental, precious, and worth fighting for”:In a video promoting the ACLU telethon, celebrities insisted that the nonprofit organization has “been preparing for this fight” against the Trump administration:The ACLU has been leading the legal fight against President Trump’s immigration executive actions.Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson.Big Hollywood, "Stand for Rights: A Benefit for the ACLU", ACLU, Chelsea Clinton, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Mike Pence, National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, Tina Fey, Voter Suppression








Rudd called the meeting between the tech giants, along with a group of smaller companies who the government refused to name. In an email statement, Rudd said that “we focused on the issue of access to terrorist propaganda online and the very real and evolving threat it poses.” After theSIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERAfter the meeting, the companies set out a range of ideas as to how to tackle terrorist threats. They promised to create new “technical tools to identify and remove terrorist propaganda,” along with looking at “all options for structuring a forum to accelerate and strengthen” their work to tackle online extremism.” In regards to the smaller companies that were at the meeting, the bigger corporations assured the government that they would “enhance and broaden the current informal collaboration sessions that companies already conduct,” sharing “expertise and experiences of more established” internet companies with younger internet businesses. “Working against terrorism is not a competitive issue within the industry,” the statement highlighted. “We pledge to engage the wider ecosystem of companies that face these challenges.”In regards to the smaller companies that were at the meeting, the bigger corporations assured the government that they would “enhance and broaden the current informal collaboration sessions that companies already conduct,” sharing “expertise and experiences of more established” internet companies with younger internet businesses.“Working against terrorism is not a competitive issue within the industry,” the statement highlighted. “We pledge to engage the wider ecosystem of companies that face these challenges.”It’s not just tech companies that would be involved in the fight, however. The statement pointed out that the groups together would “support the efforts of civil society organisations to promote alternative and counter-narratives” against extremism online:Our companies are committed to making our platforms a hostile space for those who seek to do harm, and we have been working on this issue for several years. We share the government’s commitment to ensuring terrorists do not have a voice online.The Home Secretary seemed rather pleased with the progress that they had made in the meeting but highlighted that there was still work to be done:I said I wanted to see this tackled head-on and I welcome the commitment from the key players to set up a cross-industry forum that will help to do this… My starting point is pretty straightforward. I don’t think that people who want to do us harm should be able to use the internet or social media to do so. I want to make sure we are doing everything we can to stop this. In taking forward this work I’d like to see the industry to go further and faster in not only removing online terrorist content but stopping it going up in the first place… I’d also like to see more support for smaller and emerging platforms to do this as well, so they can no longer be seen as an alternative shop floor by those who want to do us harm.It was revealed that the Home Secretary brought up the matter of encryption during the meeting, claiming that there would be no “safe spaces” for terrorists. This came after information came out that showed that Massood reportedly used Whatsapp only minutes before the attack commenced. Currently, the Facebook-owned messaging company has not handed over the information, despite claiming they would “co-operate fully” with the police.Rudd said in a statement, “I am clear that Government and industry need to work more closely together on this issue so that law enforcement and the intelligence agencies can get access to the data they need to keep us safe.” Her office said that the matter will be discussed more in separate talks. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.Breitbart London, National Security, Tech, facebook, Google, Twitter








The Times reports work is currently under way at HMP Frankland near Durham, which will have a “prison within a prison” to keep Islamic extremists away from other prisoners.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe prison has already been home to some of Britain’s most notorious terrorists including Tanvir Hussain, who tried to use liquid bottles to blow up flights from Heathrow to the United States, and Dhiren Barot, who was behind a plot to detonate a radioactive “dirty bomb” in Britain.Michael Adebolajo, who murdered soldier Lee Rigby on the streets of London, was also transferred to the prison after fears he was radicalising inmates at HMP Belmarsh.The plans follow a report by former prison governor Ian Acheson, who recommended that some extremists who present a “particular and enduring risk to national security through subversive behaviour, beliefs and activities” should be removed from the general prison population.A spokesperson for the Ministry of Justice said: “Islamist extremism is a danger to society and a threat to public safety – it must be defeated wherever it is found. We are committed to confronting and countering the spread of this poisonous ideology behind bars.“Preventing the most dangerous extremists from radicalising other prisoners is essential to the safe running of our prisons and fundamental to public protection.”In December 2015, the former chief inspector of prisons warned Islamic extremists were using British jails to recruit inmates as potential terrorists.“There are undoubtedly a small number of very dangerous men motivated by a religion or ideology who are trying to recruit other people so they will go on to commit offences linked to that ideology or religion,” Nick Hardwick said.“You do have Muslim gangs but the point about it is, it is a gang.“That is more important than it is Muslim. There might be pressure to join up, but how real that conversion is is the big question.”Breitbart London








SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“January 20th was undeniably an important day in this country,” Perez said at a New Jersey Working Families Alliance rally.“But January 21st was far more important,” Perez said, referring to the Women’s March and other anti-Trump protests that took place on that day.“They said, ‘Donald Trump, you don’t stand for our values.’ That’s what they said,” Perez said. “’Donald Trump, you didn’t win this election.’”Big Government, DNC, Donald Trump, Presidential election, Tom Perez








Kenneth Varnes, a construction engineering soldier assigned to Fort Hood, noticed a funeral procession approaching him as he drove along Highway 195 in Kileen, Texas. Recognizing the flags on the vehicles’ windows as a sign of a veteran’s funeral, Varnes exited his vehicle in the pouring rain and stood at attention, saluting the fallen veteran and the family members in the procession.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERZachary Rummings snapped a photo of the soldier standing in the rain to honor a fellow veteran and posted it to Facebook. He asked if anyone recognized the soldier and to let him know who it was so that he could tag him in the picture. “He stood in the rain the entire time and saluted,” Rummings wrote. “Hats off and respect to that young man. Thank you.”Not long after Rummings’ post, Varnes began receiving messages on social media alerting him to the photo, KWTX CBS10 reported.“This is probably going to make someone’s day, seeing me stand here, and I know how it is to go through a tough time like that, and I really just did it just to make someone’s day, that was it,” Varnes told the reporter.He said it was pouring when he stopped but lightened to a drizzle shortly after. “As soon as I got back in the truck, it poured again, which was really cool,” he explained.He said that after recognizing it as a veteran’s funeral procession, he did not think twice about his next move.  Without even knowing whose funeral was driving by, Varnes honored his fellow vet.“I don’t care if they were 80 years old, they were in World War II, they were in Vietnam, they were in Iraq, I don’t care if they were 20,” Varnes continued. “It’s a brotherhood.”The photo went viral on social media. After posting it on his Facebook page, comments quickly poured in.A very proud father, Kenneth Varnes, Sr., expressed his pride in his young soldier son. “I am so proud that my son has grew into a very well-mannered young man,his Mom and me taught him no matter what you do in life always have respect, I love you SON. Poppa would be proud of you Son, Young people need to pay attention to this and learn.”His step-mother, Ashley Jacobs wrote, “My step son has gone viral. Not for attention or recognition but for respect to a soldier and his family. I love you son! I’m proud of the man you’ve become.”Another Facebook user, Teresita Rey posted, “Please keep sharing this. Let’s make it go viral! This is what respect looks like. I am a proud cousin right now. No one asked Kenneth to do this. He just got out and ignored the rain to focus on thanking a soldier for protecting this country. We need to see more actions like this on a daily basis. ♡”And from Florida, Taylor Campa posted, “Love, love LOVE this. You have such a wonderful and caring soul, Kenneth. Don’t you ever change!”Even the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs piled on, honoring Varnes’ patriotism and sense of duty. “With a long line of patrol cars and vehicles with American flags hanging from their side windows, Kenneth Varnes, a Fort Hood soldier, knew it must be for a fallen Veteran. It was pouring rain and the sky roared with thunder, but Varnes felt compelled to do something.”Varnes is married and has a newborn daughter.Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.Big Government, Breitbart Texas, Pre-Viral








“Boston is racist,” Renee Goodman informed earlier this week. The Boston Globe columnist insists that there exists “no debate on whether people of color, black people in particular, find Boston inhospitable.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThis Jedi Mind Trick of sorts cops to the racism of one’s community as a way of demonstrating the anti-racism of its members. Inherent within the explicit condemnation of the city’s racism is an implicit condemnation of a specific type of racism embraced by a specific type of Bostonian, ones living outside the Shawmut who probably do not read the Globe and definitely do not listen to the public radio station that employs Ms. Goodman.The Proper Bostonians—people who speak like George Plimpton and dress like a Newbury Street mannequin—rioted in 1854 to save Anthony Burns from the Fugitive Slave Act. The Improper Bostonians voted for Dapper O’Neil, the curmudgeonly late-20th century pol who quipped on a candid camera, “I thought I was in Saigon, for Chrissakes,” after passing a crowd of Vietnamese at a Dorchester Day parade. The contrast between the patrician abolitionists and the blue-collar bigotry provides a class color to “Boston is racist” assertions. But reality shows that ugly instances of bigotry mark both groups in the rare majority-white urban enclave.Racism comes primarily in two forms: upper-class snobbery and lower-class ignorance. Both kinds work to protect the social status of the practitioners. The former group loves minorities, but only from a distance. The latter group lives among minorities, but resorts to gutter language to distinguish their place on the social ladder from people of color—no matter how educated, accomplished, or classy the objects of their disdain—as a means assuring themselves that they do not occupy the lowest rung.This latter form of racism, famously depicted in the infamous 1976 scene of a white man seemingly readying to impale a well-dressed black man with a flag pole during the unrest over court-ordered busing, concerns Mr. Che, Ms. Goodman, and others beating up Boston. But the city’s more deeply-rooted bigotry involves the brahmin class let off the hook by the current criticisms.The very first non-Indian Bostonian felt the sting of this intolerance. William Blaxton invited the Puritans to settle on his land on present-day Boston Common after they found the water brackish in nearby Charlestown. They accepted his invitation, and then invited him to leave after discovering that his religious views differed from theirs.The same Boston Common played as the site of the execution of four Quakers for the crime of practicing Quakerism. It’s a literal stone’s throw from where the anti-immigrant Know Nothing Party captured all but three of the seats in the state legislature in the 1850s and where Watch and Ward agents arrested H.L. Mencken for selling a copy of the American Mercury that contained a story about a prostitute.Lillian Smith’s Strange Fruit, a story of interracial romance in the South, received the “banned in Boston” treatment in the 1940s. Despite Tom Yawkey holding out against integration longer than any other MLB owner all the way until 1959, the city ultimately named a street in honor of the Boston Red Sox honcho who brought the team zero championships in more than forty years at the helm. Murderer Charles Stuart fooled the entire city for several months in the late 1980s into believing that blacks killed his pregnant wife.Like the individual Bostonians condemning their city as racist as a way of proving their innocence from the ugly sin, people generally deplore the racism external to them as a way of freeing themselves from confronting the racism within. Even SNL’s Michael Che Campbell, whose middle name honors a murderer who claimed that Africans “have maintained their racial purity thanks to their lack of an affinity with bathing,” overlooks the racism attached to the moniker his parents gave him.On SNL and in the Athens of America, they see racism everywhere but the mirror. In Boston, where racism allegedly runs rampant, bigots, like Charlie of the MTA, exist under the surface but never show their faces above ground. In this way, citizens condemn their city while saying “but not me.” The fiercest denouncers of racism, a phenomenon of us and them, resemble the objects of their scorn. With both, it’s never us, it’s always them.Big Government, Big Hollywood, Racism, Boston, Charles Stuart, Dapper O'Neil, H.L. Mencken, Michael Che, racism, Tom Yawkey, William Blaxton








Che had originally made the remarks during a “Weekend Update” segment on the NBC show the night before the Super Bowl. “I just want to relax, turn my brain off, and watch the blackest city in America beat the most racist city I’ve ever been to,” Che told SNL viewers.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER@GerryCallahan @KirkAndCallahan yep figured you appreciate this one from SNL last night. pic.twitter.com/bwqrAGNsXv— Junk_That_Jersey (@junkthatjersey) February 5, 2017The controversial comment came up again Thursday during an appearance at Boston University.Che explained that he had received a ton of angry feedback over his Boston remarks, the Boston Globe reports.  He said he had responded to one woman, who was exceptionally outraged by the line, by insisting that she “talk to your closest black friend and ask them to explain it to you.”“Touche,” the woman replied, according to Che.The 33-year-old New York native also slammed Trump Thursday, telling the audience that it would be better if Trump was running another country instead of being in “our own little slice of crazy.”Che reportedly made it a point to tell the audience that he never apologizes for his comedic language or for his controversial statements because he’s “just trying to be more presidential.”After the presidential election, Che told Esquire magazine that he agreed with President Trump’s criticism that SNL is politically “biased” and one-sided — opting to ding Republicans and conservative viewpoints far more than Democratic and liberal dogma.“Oddly, I agree with him,” he said. “We try to write that way. But I do agree with him. I think the show should show all views and we make a conscious effort to do so.” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudsonBig Hollywood, Pre-Viral, Big Hollywood, Boston, Donald Trump, Michael Che, NBC, Saturday Night Live, SNL, Weekend Update








The orders direct the government to launch a large-scale study of the massive and persistent U.S. trade deficit and instruct regulators to strictly enforce U.S. anti-dumping policies aimed at preventing foreign manufacturers from undercutting U.S. companies with unfairly low prices. They mark the latest step in the administration’s efforts to bolster U.S. manufacturing and prevent trading partners from taking advantage of the U.S.’s free trade stance.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe signing of the orders comes a day after an eruption of trade policy intrigue surrounding a leaked draft memo from the U.S. Trade Representative’s office to members of Congress. The memo outlined proposed changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement that were far less sweeping than Trump’s statements on the campaign trail appeared to imply. Hours after the Wall Street Journal and Bloomberg News reported that the memo signaled a softening of the administration’s stance on NAFTA, White House press Secretary Sean Spicer said the memo did not reflect the administration’s views.“That is not a statement of administration policy. It is not a statement of administration policy,” Spicer said.The memo was leaked to journalists by members of the U.S. Senate, according to people familiar with the matter. Despite the statement from Spicer, the memo showed that some in the Trump administration are pushing to soften its stance on trade issues, these people said.In a briefing with reporters on Thursday, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said that one of the orders instructs Commerce and the U.S. Trade Representative to work together to conduct a sweeping review of the causes of U.S. trade deficits. While trade deficits with some countries–particularly those with oil exporting countries–are to be expected and not the result of abusive practices, persistent trade deficits in manufactured goods may be the result of unfair trade practices.Examples of  abusive trade practices include manufacturers selling goods below their cost of production and unfair subsidies aimed at undercutting U.S. manufacturers.The report produced by the study will be the basis for the administration to implement policies cracking down on these abuses, according to Commerce Department officials.The orders come a week before Trump is set to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping. While China is the largest source of the U.S.’s trade deficit, Ross and Peter Navarro, director of the National Trade Council, insisted Thursday that the directives were not aimed at China in particular. Sources in the administration say the orders could allow Trump to avoid detailed trade discussions with the Chinese leader by citing the ongoing study.The second order will address the failure of U.S. agencies to collect anti-dumping penalties. Foreign manufacturers often avoid paying these by exporting to the U.S. through under-capitalized shell companies that lack the funds to pay the penalties. The order will require foreign companies exporting to the U.S. to have financial resources that can be drawn upon to pay penalties for trade abuses.Big Government, Economics, China, NAFTA, Peter Navarro, trade, Wilbur Ross








“When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and NBC News start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?” Trump asked on Twitter, accusing former Obama aides of fueling the narrative.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERTrump compared the ongoing narrative to the same predictions during the election that turned out to be false.“It is the same Fake News Media that said there is “no path to victory for Trump” that is now pushing the phony Russia story,” he wrote. “A total scam!”The ongoing story was fueled by Trump former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn after reports that he would be willing to testify in the congressional investigation of the campaign if granted immunity.“Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt,” Trump said on Twitter this week.On Friday, Chuck Todd criticized Trump for fueling the Russia story on Twitter.“Obviously, the Russia cloud darkens all of the time, and all of these problems right now that they’re dealing with front and center are self-inflicted by one person, the President of the United States, who could not help himself with a tweet on this wiretapping nonsense,” Todd said during an interview with his colleague Andrea Mitchell.Big Government, Chuck Todd, Donald Trump, mike flynn, Russia, Twitter








Many jumped to conclusions, often the same reporters who insisted requests for immunity by members of Hillary Clinton’s inner circle were routine and entirely meaningless. Here are five things known with certainty about the Flynn case at this time:SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERRequests for immunity are not admissions of guilt. We should get that out of the way right up front since so many people who know better are getting it wrong. It is certainly fair to comment on immunity deals or talk about the impression they convey. The details of the immunity agreements for certain figures in the Clinton email scandal were downright bizarre, and arguably impeded the investigation, rather than enhancing it. Clinton partisans argued that other immunity grants were routine and implied absolutely nothing untoward.One reason Flynn’s immunity offer brought such a wave of innuendo in response is that Flynn himself said last year, while discussing the Clinton email scandal, “When you are given immunity, that means you have probably committed a crime.” Bringing his own words back to haunt him is irresistible for his critics.Furthermore, President Trump said essentially the same thing about immunity deals when talking about Clinton. Bringing his words back to haunt him is absolutely irresistible for the media. But no, as Business Insider points out in one the above-linked posts about Flynn and Trump being haunted by their words, “a request for immunity does not amount to an admission of guilt,” and “a person granted immunity may still be criminally prosecuted for crimes revealed in the testimony as long as the activity is confirmed with independent evidence.” The difference here is that the media didn’t want to jump to conclusions about what any of those Clinton immunity deals meant.Flynn’s attorney said he desires immunity to escape a “highly politicized witch hunt environment.” The statement issued by Flynn’s attorney Robert Kelner on Thursday explains why Flynn offered to testify in exchange for immunity. According to Kelner, Flynn “certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit.”After recounting the details of Flynn’s lengthy “life of national service,” Kelner states the media is “awash with unfounded allegations, outrageous claims of treason, and vicious innuendo directed against him.”“He is now the target of unsubstantiated public demands by Members of Congress and other political critics that he be criminally investigated,” Kelner points out. “No reasonable person, who has the benefit of advice from counsel, would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution.”Flynn’s most serious legal jeopardy may involve contacts with Turkey, not Russia. Flynn’s offer involves testimony about contacts with Russia, and his tenure as National Security Adviser ended because of a conversation he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, but nothing illegal about that conversation has yet been demonstrated. The more serious problem for Flynn could be his connections with the government of Turkey.Clinton-era CIA Director James Woolsey said last week that Flynn met with Turkish officials last summer to discuss Turkey’s long-desired extradition of exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused of masterminding the July coup attempt against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Woolsey claims he walked into the middle of a conversation between Flynn and Turkish officials in New York, in which the idea of staging a covert operation “in the dead of night to whisk this guy away” was discussed. Woolsey has variously described this conversation as either “startling and illegal,” or “naive” and without “credibility.”Flynn has “registered with the Justice Department as a foreign agent for $530,000 worth of lobbying work before Election Day that may have aided the Turkish government,” according to Fox News. The White House has said President Trump was not aware Flynn was working for the Turks.Fortune describes the precise allegations Flynn may end up facing over Turkey:On March 7, after being fired as National Security Adviser, Flynn belatedly filed a FARA disclosure that revealed that, through his firm, Flynn Intel Group, he had worked in 2016 on behalf of Inovo BV, a firm based in Netherlands and owned by a Turkish businessman with links to the Turkish government. Flynn’s firm was paid $530,000 by Inovo. Flynn’s FARA filing (available here) revealed that the September 19 meeting occurred and that Gülen was discussed. But the filing claims that Flynn’s work was on behalf of Inovo, not the Turkish government, and that it concerned merely “the political climate in Turkey” and “doing business in Turkey,” related to the export of natural gas. But Woolsey’s statements to the Journal and CNN, and the FARA filing now suggest this was either false or a woefully incomplete account of the client and the purpose of Flynn’s work—that Flynn was actually advising the Turkish government about the extrajudicial removal of a green card holder from the United States. Turkey’s foreign minister and the son-in-law of Erdoğan, the country’s energy minister, were Flynn’s interlocutors that day about putting Gülen “out of action.”FARA is the Foreign Agents Registration Act, and it would appear to be the clearest example of a law Flynn might be charged with violating. However, former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy, now a writer for National Review, said on Thursday that Flynn was “unlikely to be prosecuted” for his late filing as a foreign agent. A few Flynn-Russia contacts could still prove troublesome. Flynn’s communication with Ambassador Kislyak may have resulted in no legal charges – he was dismissed because his account of the conversations to the White House, particularly Vice President Mike Pence, was not completely accurate. Yet questions have still been raised about a $33,000 speaking engagement for the state-controlled Russia Today news agency and $23,000 of speeches he gave to Russian firms. Democrats have alleged these speeches may have violated the Emoluments Clause.Flynn’s offer of testimony for immunity has not been accepted yet. The Senate Intelligence Committee reportedly told Flynn it was “not receptive” to his offer “at this time” on Friday.Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said there are “many more witnesses and documents to obtain” before any immunity request from Flynn would be considered.Schiff took the opportunity to pronounce it was a “grave and momentous step” for a former National Security Adviser to the President of the United States to ask for immunity from prosecution,” but he gave no sign of granting it.A spokesman for House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) said on Friday there has been a “preliminary conversation with Michael Flynn’s lawyer about arranging for Flynn to speak to the Committee,” but the discussion “did not include immunity or other possible conditions for his appearance.”Schiff said the House Intelligence Committee would defer to the Justice Department, which at the time of this writing has given no indication it will offer Flynn immunity.National Security, 2016 election, FBI, House Intelligence Committee, Immunity, justice department, mike flynn, National Security Adviser, Russia, senate intelligence committee, Turkey








During an interview with author, “Stone Cold Truth” host, and Trump adviser Roger Stone Jr. on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher,” host and comedian Bill Maher argued that it appears that President Donald Trump “and his crime family” were “installed” by the Russians “to loot and destroy” the United States of America.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERMaher said, “It looks like Donald Trump and his crime family were installed by Russia to loot and destroy America.”Maher also asked Stone if it bothered him that “we’re so in touch with the Evil Empire these days?”Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchettBreitbart TV, Bill Maher, Donald Trump, Russia








On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher said to former Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, “stay in the woods. Okay. You had your shot. You f*cked it up. You’re Bill Buckner.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERMaher reacted to Clinton saying she was “ready to come out of the woods” by stating that he wishes people like Green Party candidate Dr. Jill Stein who called Clinton the lesser of two evils would admit they were wrong.He added, “But the other side of it is, Hillary, stay in the woods. Okay. You had your shot. You f*cked it up. You’re Bill Buckner. We had the World Series, and you let the grounder go through your legs. Let someone else have the chance. This to me — the fact that she’s come back, it just verifies every bad thing anyone’s ever thought about the Clintons, that it’s all about them. Let some of the other shorter trees get a little sunlight.”Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchettBreitbart TV, Hillary Clinton, Bill Maher








Tancredo discussed eliminating sanctuary cities via a bill he has pushed in Colorado, stating, “Look, this isn’t that hard to try and figure out here. ‘Think about this,’ I said. ‘You’re a mayor, and for some reason, you decide to announce that anybody that escapes from any jail or prison in the United States, if they can get to your city, you will provide them sanctuary. That is to say, if they come into contact with your police department, you will not report it to the authorities. And let’s say people do escape, and people actually do get to your city, and they commit mayhem when they get there.'”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERHe continued, “Now, do you not think that because the bill actually requires, [it] would make people who voted for this and the authorities in these cities personally liable? And so, I said, ‘Don’t you think that, indeed, that is what’s happened – that anybody who does something that stupid, any elected official should, should not be held liable when something occurs, like what is happening throughout this country?'”“Literally thousands,” he went on. “I know it’s hard to believe this because we’ll see snippets, we’ll see one or two stories about somebody who’s been killed, other acts of mayhem committed by people who are here illegally, who are in sanctuary cities, who have come to the attention of police in those cities, but they were never turned over to ICE. And I said, ‘But there are literally thousands of people who have been killed in this country – thousands. So think of the families. Think of what has happened here because of this idiotic politically correct policy that people want to put in place.’ And you are absolutely right. It is not popular.”Continued Tancredo, “It is something we could go after. If we don’t get it from the legislature, I encourage people here in Colorado and anywhere else in the nation – there are twenty-three- or-four states that allow the initiative process – I would put it on the ballot everywhere I could because it’s a winner, and it should be done. You know, it’s a good thing to do to stop sanctuary cities.”Tancredo went on to cite a Colorado tragedy from 2008 involving an illegal immigrant driver:A 3-year-old boy who died in an ice cream shop was buried Wednesday by heartbroken family members, friends and strangers touched by his death.Marten Kudlis and two women were killed in a chain-reaction crash last week in Aurora. The two women were in a pickup truck, making a left turn at Havana and Mississippi, when they were broadsided by a speeding sport utility vehicle. Their pickup truck was shoved into a Baskin Robbins shop and Kudlis, who was sitting by the window waiting for ice cream, was thrown out by the impact.The toddler died at the hospital. The two women — Patricia Guntharp, 49, and Debra Serecky, 51 — died at the scene.At the start of Wednesday’s service, held at the chapel at Fairmount Cemetery, Marten’s father cried, “I really loved him.”Charges were not resolved until 2010 when Francis Hernandez received a lengthy sentence:Even though the man accused of killing his little boy was found guilty and may face more than 100 years in prison, Marat Kudlis was not a happy man on Tuesday.“This guy is a baby killer,” said Kudlis, the father of Marten Kudlis, who was killed in a crash at an Aurora ice cream shop in 2008 along with two others. The boy was 3 years old.Francis Hernandez, 25, was convicted on 19 criminal counts related to the crash, including vehicular homicide, leaving the scene of an accident involving death, and child abuse resulting in death.Hernandez moved here with his parents from Guatemala when he was young and was in the U.S. illegally. He had been arrested for numerous traffic offenses and other violations, but authorities failed to deport him.Recalling the incident Friday, Tancredo, seemingly choked up, said, “This guy had been arrested six times in that same jurisdiction for various things, from DUIs to drug possession but never, ever turned over to ICE. Now, you tell me that someone isn’t liable under those circumstances. How they sleep with themselves, how they sleep, I don’t know how they look at themselves in the mirror. These politicians that have voted for this stuff, how do you live with yourself when you know your decisions have led directly to the death or other forms of mayhem being committed in your jurisdiction – because of your decisions? It’s astounding to me how they can live with themselves.”Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.Big Government, Immigration, Radio, Breitbart News Daily, Deep State, Donald Trump, Sanctuary Cities, Tom Tancredo








“Congress or the president should honor the memory of Cesar Chavez by declaring his birthday National Border Control Day,” Krikorian told Breitbart News.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERChavez, whom NBC News calls a “civil rights hero,” fiercely opposed illegal immigration and saw that relentless waves of migrant labor would make achieving raised wages and benefits for workers impossible. “Whatever he turned into later, in his prime he was a champion of strict control of the borders, to ensure that American workers and American employers would have to duke it out on an even playing field,” Krikorian wrote in National Review Online on Friday. “If he’d succeeded, less-skilled Americans would be better off, instead of seeing their real wages drop 21 percent since 1979.”The non-profit Economic Policy Institute (EPI) published an article on Friday revealing the raw deal that low-wage guest workers receive:On César Chávez Day, lost in all the news about the Trump administration’s criminalization and scapegoating of immigrants and attempts to withhold federal funds from cities with policies that protect immigrants, are the 450,000 low-wage-earning migrant workers employed in the United States through the H-2A, H-2B, and J-1 visa temporary foreign worker programs. Many of the workers in these temporary visa programs are in a precarious situation and vulnerable to abuse and retaliation at the hands of employers and their agents.These “guest-workers” often arrive in the United States in debt, and are tied to and controlled by their employers. Research shows guest-workers are often paid lower wages than similarly situated U.S. workers, and earn wages similar to those of undocumented immigrant workers. This is reminiscent of the Bracero Program—a large guestworker program in the 1940s, 50s, and 60s that admitted hundreds of thousands of Mexican workers to work temporarily on U.S. farms and in other low-wage occupations—and which César Chávez fought against.While the Bracero Program was shut down in 1964, employers still turn to the handful of low-wage labor programs to provide workers, once illegals are deported, in their ongoing search for cheaper and cheaper labor. Current immigration policies transfer roughly $500 billion from workers to major employers, according to a study by a Harvard professor.“Is one million low-paid, exploitable, indentured workers—who have no path to lawful permanent residence and citizenship—what the U.S. economy needs? César Chávez would say, ‘No!'” the EPI article’s author writes, going on to say low-paid migrants should have a chance to “become American.”Uncontrolled illegal immigration makes it impossible for workers to improve their lives and climb out of poverty, Krikorian told Breitbart News, which Chavez understood.“At the core of his pro-worker activism was support for strong borders and opposition to guest-worker programs. Chavez understood that America’s poor could not better themselves if the government allowed in an endless supply of low-skilled workers from abroad to compete with them,” he said.A CIS panel of experts on Tuesday explained that many migrants are “assimilating down” in the current era of globallization and mass immigration.Big Government, Immigration








Senate Bill 97, introduced by Keith Regier (R-Kalispell) bans the application of foreign law in Montana’s courts, with the debate particularly focused on Sharia Law, a form of Islamic law typically used in the Middle East.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERAlthough the bill passed on party lines by 56-44, Democrats claimed it was designed to target Muslim communities.“I think it sends a dangerous message to minority groups both here living in our state and wanting to come visit our state, just merely on the fact that you may be different,” said Rep. Shane Morigeau, D-Missoula, while debating the bill. “I truly believe this law is repugnant. I believe this is not who we are as Montanans.”Meanwhile, Rep. Ellie Hill Smith (D-Missoula) proposed a failed amendment to the bill to include a ban on both Sharia Law and the Law of Moses, in order to “show the state of Montana that it is not just about Islamic Law.”“The courts have said that laws that single out certain religions violate the First Amendment,” Smith said, claiming that it was “peppered with anti-Muslim bigotry.”Another Democrat, Rep. Laurie Bishop (D-Livingston) urged legislators “not to forget the roots of this bill,” adding that “our children are watching.”Meanwhile, Rep. Brad Tschida (R-Missoula) said the bill was an attempt to push back against a “constitution [that] is constantly under assault.”Bills specifically targeting Sharia Law have passed in states such as North Carolina, Alabama, Arizona, Kansas, Louisiana, South Dakota, and Tennessee. The bill will now be passed on to Gov. Steve Bullock (D) for signature or veto.You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.comBig Government, Muslim Brotherhood








The new program was unveiled at a Chicago City Council meeting on Wednesday, and it protects illegal aliens from federal oversight by not collecting any copies of identification documents presented when illegals apply for the identification card.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“Applicants bring in the documents to prove someone’s identity. They hand them over to specially trained individual who can review the documents and then hand them back … It’s going to capture just the name and the date of birth. It’s not going to capture an address,” a source close to those officials told the Chicago Sun-Times.Emanuel, once President Barack Obama’s Chief of Staff, has been one of the loudest voices decrying Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s efforts to cut off federal funding for sanctuary cities like Chicago that refuse to cooperate in the enforcement of immigration laws.The “Municipal ID” plan is Emanuel’s latest bid to resist the effort of the Justice Department and remain what he has called a “welcoming city.” Emanuel’s new City Clerk Anna Valencia’s website describes the Municipal ID as “an optional, valid, government-issued ID that they can then use to access a range of services from both the private and public sectors. ”In addition to ensuring access for illegals to government programs, the Clerk’s Office also claims to be “working with cultural institutions, sports teams, pharmacies, local chambers of commerce and community organizations to explore potential discounts and partnerships.”The scheme is specifically designed not only to allow illegals to obtain the cards, but to avoid collecting data that could be used by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to discover aliens in the country illegally. Chicago is apparently looking to a model pioneered in San Francisco to frustrate ICE efforts.“Applicants bring in the documents to prove someone’s identity. They hand them over to specially trained individual who can review the documents and then hand them back … It’s going to capture just the name and the date of birth. It’s not going to capture an address,” a source close to those officials told the Chicago Sun-Times.While city officials will make no effort to ascertain if recipients of the new ID are committing a crime by being in the United States, they will ensure that the gender with which they most strongly identify will be properly documented. “Applicants will also be able to self-designate their gender, which will be huge to the transgender and LGBTQ community. And it’s not just for undocumented individuals,” the same source said.The Sun-Times also reported that the Municipal ID program itself will cost Chicago taxpayers $1 million in its first year of implementation.Big Government, Immigration, Law Enforcement, Attorney General Jeff Session, Defund Sanctuary Cities, Mayor Rahm Emanuel








The movie, “For Here Or To Go?” offers a very flattering image of the almost 1 million H-1B middle-skill contract-workers holding white-collar jobs throughout the United States. The Indian-directed movie follows the efforts by H-1B contract workers to get green cards and dates. It features a Bollywood-style song-and-dance number, but it sidelines the wishes and worries of many off-screen young Americans whose salaries and careers are being undercut by the flood of cheap H-1B contract workers.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe movie’s basic message is that foreigners are entitled to live in the United States if they want to do so, regardless of American law or Americans’ wishes. “You can build your life where you choose to. The question is and always will be this: Where do you think you belong? Where is home?” says one supporting character to the lead character.“I have actively supported this movie realizing its importance as an advocacy tool [and] many renowned venture capitalists, founders, entrepreneurs, academics have also been supporting it,” said an online statement from Tahmina Watson, an immigration lawyer serving Indian and Chinese customers in Seattle, Wash.“Some [supporters’] names include Brad Feld, renowned [venture capitalist], [H-1B booster] Vivek Wadhwa- academic and think tank, the Instagram founder [Mike Krieger] and many many more,” she wrote March 31. Investor “Brad Feld donated $25,000 to the movie! … my dear friend and [immigration lawyer] member Joel Paget who donated a huge sum to the movie,” she wrote.In 2016, presidential candidate Donald Trump promised to revamp the program so that it doesn’t hurt Americans workers. “These are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay,” said a March 2016 statement from the campaign. “I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse.” That promise was a winning argument for many university educated voters who were being pressured by peers and employers to pull the lever for Hillary Clinton. However, many brand-name companies favor the salary-cutting program, so it remains largely unchanged since Trump took office. Immigration lawyers expect the administration to start issuing another 85,000 H-1B visas starting April.Multiple Democratic and GOP politicians hope to further expand the salary-cutting, profit-boosting program. For example, SGOP Sen. Orrin Hatch said in a March 30 op-ed that “we’ve had a process for bringing high-skilled workers from other countries to the United States to fill jobs for which there is a shortage of American labor … But the system is out-of-date. Our immigration laws cap the number of high-skilled worker visas—also called H-1B visas—that employers may obtain each year at a number that is far below demand.”Also, both Hatch and North Carolina’s GOP Thomas Tillis want to provide a path to citizenship to any foreigner who pays for a graduate degree at an American university.“Our laws also lack a straightforward path for companies to hire foreign students at American universities on a permanent basis after graduation … This makes no sense,” said Hatch. “We should have a policy that basically staples a green card on the back of their diploma, with the agreement that they will work and contribute to the American economy,” Tillis said mid-March.But that “staple” policy would create an unlimited supply of Indian, Chinese, South Americans, European and African professionals eager to underbid salaries sought by young and middle-aged American professionals.In Washington, the new movie is being touted by Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine and by the CATO Institute, which favors an easy flow of labor across national borders. It is also being supported by Facebook billionaire Mark Zuckerberg’s cheap-labor lobby, FWD.us, via its head, Todd Schulte.The movie is also being touted by Jose Andrews, an immigration proponent who hires cheap labor for his D.C. restaurants. It is “the movie that you want to watch —it is an amazing story of immigrants in America.” “We’re trying to tell a new story here… and I’m fully supportive of it,” said Ash Kalra, an Indian-American city councilor in San Jose, California, “This is really where the best and brightest of the Indian community have come to contribute.”Last September, the movie was shown to staffers in Congress, said Watson.September 2nd 2016 was a very special day.  It was the day that the movie For Here or To Go? had a special private screening at the Rayburn House Building- one of the Buildings where Congressmen have their offices.Fresh off the heels of the announcement of International Entrepreneur Rules, this movie screening was so timely. The private screening was attended by staffers, lawyers, lobbyists and other influencers. We were especially grateful that the White House Assistant Director of Entrepreneurship Doug Rand attended in person. We were also delighted that Senator Tim Kaine’s office was represented.  While Sen. Kaine is now candidate for Vice President, he was one of the original co-sponsors of the Startup Visa.A huge thank you goes to my very own Congressman Adam Smith (WA-09) who co-operated in holding the event.  The Congressman’s office went above and beyond in helping with the event, for which we are so grateful. We were also able to partner with Unshackled Ventures, an organization that recognizes the invaluable contributions of international entrepreneurs and has been at the forefront of the issue. And lastly, we wouldn’t have had refreshments without the generous support of FWD.us and it’s president Todd Schulte. In addition, two of my colleagues Joel Paget, immigration lawyer in Seattle and Sonal Verma in Washington DC both gave incredible support and encouragement in holding the event.… Rishi and I had the privilege of attending a reception at the CATO institute where we had the distinct pleasure of meeting immigration policy extraordinaire Alex Nowrasteh!The movie is opening at 29 theater screens, including four screens in the D.C. area, three in Texas and six screens in California.The annual inflow of roughly 110,000 H-1B contract-workers takes jobs for below-market rates at U.S.-based companies, universities, and non-profits. That makes sense for the foreign workers because many hope to get the hugely valuable deferred-compensation prize of citizenship from the U.S. government after perhaps ten years of work. The citizenship bonus can also be duplicated for their parents, siblings, children ad grandchildren.The deal is also rational for U.S. employers because they pay below-market rates and also don’t have to pay the citizenship bonus to the H-1B workers. That good for many U.S. companies because it means they can get subcontracting work done for cheaper and because it also lowers the marketplace salaries for all U.S. professionals. H-1Bs are hired by many name-brand companies, displacing Americans who want jobs with Microsoft or Facebook, Caterpillar or Harley-Davidson, Goldman Sachs or McDonald’s. At least 100,000 H-1Bs are also employed in universities, hospitals, non-profits, and government research centers as professors, scientists, doctors, and therapists. But critics — and much evidence — say the H-1B program is rife with corruption, including fake resumes, fraudulent visa applications, under-the-table payments, workplace and hiring discrimination against Americans, as well as false claims by lobbyists and corporates that too few Americans want to work at companies such as Goldman Sachs or Facebook. Additional white-collar programs deliver The inflow of H-1B workers cuts salaries for young Americans who are in direct competition with H-1Bs — mostly software experts, medical researchers, accountants, doctors, statisticians. But it also reduces the salaries of other American professionals – designers, journalists, business school graduates and even movie-critics — by increasing the nation’s supply of skilled, flexible white-collar experts who can perform a variety of skilled jobs. A 2016 report by the National Academies of Science showed that cheap-labor immigration annually transfers roughly $500 billion from American employees over to investors and employers. Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart.com
Big Government, Immigration, contract worker, H-1B, Indian, movie, Orrin Hatch, staple, Thom Tillis








The Institutional Hearing Program (IHP), will seek to reduce the bureaucratic processes involved in deportation by using video-conference hearings to determine the fate of illegals once they have served their sentence.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe program includes giving more Bureau of Prisons contract facilities the power to undertake deportation proceedings, installing the required technology, and introducing new uniform intake policy between a DOJ office and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.“We owe it to the American people to ensure that illegal aliens who have been convicted of crimes and are serving time in our federal prisons are expeditiously removed from our country as the law requires,” Sessions said in a statement announcing the plan.“This expansion and modernization of the Institutional Hearing Program gives us the tools to continue making Americans safe again in their communities,” he continued.Earlier this week, Sessions said that cities refusing to comply with federal immigration law, such as Los Angeles and San Francisco, risked losing federal tax dollars.“I strongly urge our nation’s states and cities and counties to consider carefully the harm they are doing to their citizens by refusing to enforce immigration laws and to rethink these policies. Such policies make their cities and states less safe. Public safety as well as national security are at stake and put them at risk of losing federal dollars,” Sessions said at a White House press briefing.The warning comes amidst a nationwide crackdown enforcing immigration policy as part of Donald Trump’s wider immigration reforms. As well as plans to hire 15,000 new Immigration and Customers Enforcement (ICE) agents, the Department of Justice is now publishing a weekly list all 118 localities refusing to cooperate with the administration’s immigration policy, as well as crimes committed by illegal immigrants within them.You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.comBig Government, Immigration








Deputy Insurance Commissioner Jay Florence said Basil Eleby, Sophia Bruner, and Barry Thomas were the three suspects arrested, the Daily Mail reported.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEREleby, whom Florence believes started the fire, faces a charge of criminal damage to property. Bruner and Thomas each face charges of criminal trespass.“We believe they were together when the fire was set and Eleby is the one who set the fire,” Florence told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.Florence did not release details of how or why the fire was started, saying that those details would be released as the investigation continues.He said the suspects may have used “available materials” at the site and added that all three suspects may have been homeless.Crews worked to restore the bridge Thursday after the blaze caused it to collapse during rush hour. Nobody was injured despite the large clouds of smoke and flames that filled the air.Officials say reconstruction of the damaged section of the bridge could take several months, causing the 225,000 commuters who use that section of the highway daily a traffic nightmare.Big Government, Law Enforcement, Pre-Viral, Atlanta, Barry Thomas, Basil Eleby, bridge, criminal damage to property, criminal trespass, fire, Interstate 85, Sophia Bruner








BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — The Latest on the deadly river overflow in southern Colombia (all times local):SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER8 p.m.The number of people killed in Colombia after a surge of mud and water from three overflowing rivers swept through a small city has risen to 193.Colombia President Juan Manuel Santos announced the rising death toll early Saturday evening as rescuers continued to search for the missing.A torrent of debris surged through the city of Macoa near Colombia’s southern border with Ecuador around midnight, catching many residents off guard asleep in their homes and leaving little time to escape.Many of the city’s streets were left an unrecognizable plane of rocks, wooden planks and mud.5:20 p.mA man who escaped with his wife and 7-month-old baby after a river overflowed, killing scores of people in southern Colombia, says there was hardly any time to flee before the water came rushing in.Eduardo Vargas was awoken by the sound of neighbors banging on his door and quickly fled with his family amid the sound of people crying in panic. They climbed up a small mountain to safety before their home ws destroyed.Returning to the site Saturday, he said there is, “Nothing left. But thank God we have our lives.”At least 154 people were killed and the death toll is expected to climb as rescuers to continue to search for survivors. According to the Red Cross, 400 people were injured and 220 are believed missing.3:10 p.m.                The tragedy that killed scores of people in a water avalanche in Colombia seems to have put to rest at least for the moment the bad blood that has existed between President Juan Manuel Santos and his Venezuelan counterpart Nicolas Maduro.                Maduro on Saturday offered to send rescuers and other disaster relief experts to help Colombia dig out from the mudslide that has killed at least 154 people. Maduro made an apparent allusion to Santo’s declarations on Friday questioning the state of Venezuela’s democracy. He said:  “We’re brotherly people, who are there to be together and show respect for one another in trying times.”                The scenes of desperation in Colombia resonate with supporters of Maduro’s socialist government. They remember how the late Hugo Chavez within months of taking office in 1999 had to confront the nation’s worst-ever natural disaster, in which thousands of people perished in deadly mudslides near the capital.____2:40 p.m.President Juan Manuel Santos says the death toll from an avalanche of water near Colombia’s border with Ecuador has now reached 154 and is likely to rise further.But he cautioned against speculating about how many people will remain missing.Santos spoke to reporters in Mocoa on Saturday after a meeting with civil defense officials. He said that the avalanche knocked out power in half of the province of Putumayo, where Mocoa is located. It also wiped out Mocoa’s fresh water network, for which 20 water tankers are on their way from other cities.He said among the 200 people injured, 22 suffered serious injuries for which they are being airlifted to nearby cities.He blamed climate change for triggering the avalanche, saying that the previous night’s rain was almost half the amount Mocoa normally receives in the entire month of March. With the rainy season in much of Colombia just beginning, he said local and national authorities need to redouble their efforts to prevent a similar tragedy.Santos says: “These rains are increasingly more intense, so we have to be ready.”The president says that instead of sending supplies Colombians should send donations so that families displaced by the tragedy can rebuild.___1:30 p.m.The Red Cross reports that 127 people are dead, 220 missing and 400 injured when a water avalanche surged through a small city in Colombia.A state of emergency has been declared in Mocoa, located along Colombia’s southern border with Ecuador.Minister of Interior Juan Manuel Cristo says in the middle of the night “families, boys, girls, young people, the elderly” were killed when three rivers overflowed. The incident happened around midnight, as many residents were in their homes sleeping. Witnesses felt buildings vibrate before an avalanche of water carrying mud and debris swept through, toppling homes and lifting trucks downstream.___1 p.m.The president of Colombia has declared a state of emergency in a city along the Andean nation’s southern border where at least 112 people have been killed and hundreds are feared missing.President Juan Manuel Santos said Saturday he was declaring the emergency to mobilize rescue operations in Mocoa.Intense rains triggered an avalanche of mud and water as three rivers overflowed around midnight, catching unsuspecting residents off guard.Rescuers are continuing the search for survivors but the death toll is expected to rise.___11:50 a.m.Colombia President Juan Manuel Santos says at least 112 people have been killed after intense rains triggered an avalanche of mud and water from overflowing rivers that swept through a small city.Santos arrived at the disaster zone Saturday, warning the death toll could rise as the search for survivors continues.The incident happened around midnight in Mocoa, a city of 350,000 located near Colombia’s border with Ecuador.A surgeon at the local hospital says he believes there are at least 300 people injured and that doctors are running out of blood.Witnesses described feeling buildings vibrate and say there was little time to seek refuge, catching some victims off guard in their sleep.








Since President Trump first leveled the incendiary charges in early March, there have been thousands of press articles and endless hours of speculation on cable television about the high-level accusations.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEREvery word, character, and symbol of punctuation from Mr. Trump has been parsed and sussed and diagrammed.This is no small thing we are talking about here. We are talking about a sitting president’s administration using the terrifying powers of espionage of the United States government to conduct an intelligence operation against a political opponent before, during and after that target was elected president of the United States.So much for “peaceful transfer of power.”This would be 10 times more serious than Watergate. We are talking a constitutional crisis the likes of which we have never seen in modern times.And all anybody around here seems to want to talk about is the exhaustively investigated — yet still unsubstantiated — conspiracy theories about Mr. Trump’s supposed ties to Russia.Well, what about Mr. Obama? Did he actually morph into Russian President Vladimir Putin himself? Did he turn the White House into the Kremlin?Those are much graver charges than whether somebody has “ties” to the Russians. And so many of the questions about Mr. Obama’s involvement in spying on his political enemy remain unanswered.Actually, they remain unasked at this point.And before you dismiss these questions as crazy tweets from a crazy dictator, remember that Mr. Trump’s national security adviser was fired after he was — indisputably — wiretapped and unmasked during the time he was serving on Mr. Trump’s transition team. This alone would be utterly unbelievable in a world before Oliver Stone’s movie “Snowden.”So, what say you, Mr. Obama?Crickets.The only statement from Mr. Obama was a carefully worded non-denial issued by a spokesman.“A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice,” the statement began.This would seem to merely confirm that Mr. Trump was being investigated by the Obama Administration — but that Mr. Obama’s fingerprints would not be found anywhere on that investigation.And, yes, this is the same corrupt administration that featured the attorney general meeting in a private plane on a tarmac with the husband of the woman who was supposed to be Mr. Obama’s successor — while she was under investigation by the FBI.The Obama spokesman’s statement went on to say: “As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false.”Here again, they are playing a silly game. Instead of answering the real question, they are hiding behind the loose and imprecise language of Mr. Trump’s tweet where he shorthands the whole accusation in less than 140 digits by saying “Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower.”Any logical human knows what Mr. Trump meant by this. I don’t think any serious person actually thought Mr. Obama himself in a hard hat and work gloves with wire snips was in the walls at Trump Tower twisting wires together.Obviously, Mr. Trump meant that he and his campaign and transition team had been spied upon by U.S. intelligence services at the behest of — or with knowledge of — the sitting U.S. president.Monumental charges. Yet no denial from the former president.On Mr. Obama’s Twitter feed, he has opined about Chuck Berry, International Women’s Day and even Valentine’s Day. But not a peep about the serious charges lodged against him.This, at a time when we are told that Mr. Obama plans to lead the political resistance against Mr. Trump. He should begin by “resisting” these charges.• Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes.com; follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.Big Government, barack obama, Donald Trump








From Strassel’s Wall Street Journal column:SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERWe’ve known since early February that a call by former national security adviser Mike Flynn to the Russian ambassador was monitored by U.S. intelligence. There’s nothing improper in tapping foreign officials. But it was improper that Mr. Flynn’s name was revealed and leaked to the press, along with the substance of his conversation. The media nonetheless excused all this by claiming one piece of Mr. Flynn’s conversation (sanctions) was relevant to the continuing investigation into Trump-Russia ties.Around the same time, Mr. Nunes’s own intelligence sources informed him that documents showed further collection of information about, and unmasking of, Trump transition officials. These documents aren’t easily obtainable, since they aren’t the “finished” intelligence products that Congress gets to see. Nonetheless, for weeks Mr. Nunes has been demanding intelligence agencies turn over said documents—with no luck, so far.Mr. Nunes earlier this week got his own source to show him a treasure trove of documents at a secure facility. Here are the relevant details:First, there were dozens of documents with information about Trump officials. Second, the information these documents contained was not related to Russia. Third, while many reports did “mask” identities (referring, for instance, to “U.S. Person 1 or 2”) they were written in ways that made clear which Trump officials were being discussed. Fourth, in at least one instance, a Trump official other than Mr. Flynn was outright unmasked. Finally, these documents were circulated at the highest levels of government.To sum up, Team Obama was spying broadly on the incoming administration.Read the rest here. Big Government, barack obama, Deep State, Donald Trump, Kimberley Strassel, Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn, Michael Flynn, Rep. Devin Nunes








“Unmasking is not unprecedented, but unmasking for political purposes … specifically of Trump transition team members … is highly suspect and questionable,” an intelligence source told Fox News. “Opposition by some in the intelligence agencies who were very connected to the Obama and Clinton teams was strong. After Trump was elected, they decided they were going to ruin his presidency by picking them off one by one.”Housley said his sources inside the intelligence community reached out to him after mainstream media reports Thursday flagged two White House aides as the sources bringing information to Rep. Devin Nunes (R.-CA), the chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThursday’s mainstream media narrative was that Ezra Cohen-Watnick and Michael Ellis called Nunes to the White House grounds March 21, where they passed classified information to Nunes that confirmed Obama administration surveillance of the Trump camp. Then, March 22, Nunes went to the White House to present classified information to the president.This narrative and the Nunes back-and-forth with the White House was ridiculed as an elaborate ruse or proof that Nunes was acting in a bizarre way.The Housley report is that Thursday’s narrative was not true–and that Cohen-Watnick and Ellis were not sources at all; rather the two men came to the aid of Nunes, who had other sources but needed to use a Sensitive Compartmented Intelligence Facility (SCIF) that was not associated with the whistleblowers’ own agency.The sources told Fox News that surveillance of the Trump campaign began before Trump became the Republican presidential nominee July 19, and the surveillance had nothing to do with Russia, Housley said.Intelligence agencies are banned from collecting intelligence on Americans without permission from a judge, but in the course of authorized surveillance Americans are caught in the net. These names are supposed to be masked or disguised, so that their rights are preserved. What Fox News is reporting is that these names were either put in the clear or given flimsy masks, so that their identity was obvious.The sources also told Housley that Nunes learned about the surveillance and the unmasking in January, before Trump entered the White House, but members of the intelligence community have been uncooperative as the chairman searched for a SCIF, where he could conduct his own deep dive into their portent. Finally, he was able to secure use of the White House SCIF inside the Old Executive Office Building, on the White House grounds, but not in the “White House.”Fox News investigative reporter Malia Zimmerman also worked on this report.Big Government, Breitbart California, adam housley, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, FBI, House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, intelligence community, Malia Zimmerman, Michael Ellis, President Donald Trump, Rep. Devin Nunes (R.-Calif.), Russia, scif, Sensitive Compartmented Intelligence Facility, Whistleblowers








Certainly it has its day-to-day frustrations, especially for Sean Spicer, who has to face the press corps and its obsession with meaningless minutiae.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERBut the joke is on the journalists. They are spending so much time on the non-story that they are missing what President Donald Trump is actually doing. He complains on Twitter about the coverage, but the truth is that the distraction is very useful.The “scandal” is no longer about Russia. Now it is about how House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) found information backing up Trump’s claims that his team was under surveillance by the Obama administration.Was Nunes approached by whistleblowers who came to his congressional office? Or were the whistleblowers sent by the White House to Nunes? It makes no difference at all, but the media think they are onto something very important.CNN called it a “cover-up,” without specifying what, exactly, Nunes was supposed to be “covering up.” And the answer is: nothing.Even if — for argument’s sake — the White House had approached Nunes rather than the other way around, the worst that could be said about it is that Nunes behaved like a partisan Republican. If so, he is no more partisan than ranking member Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), who is abusing his position to launch conspiracy theories against the GOP.The core of Schiff’s case, as presented at the House Intelligence Committee last Monday, is a lie — namely, the false claim that the Republican Party altered its platform at the behest of Trump aides in order to appease the Russians. As Byron York of the Washington Examiner has demonstrated, the Republican platform was “was actually strengthened, not weakened” against Russia.Schiff is still pretending that some other evidence will emerge on Trump-Russia ties. But the idea Russia colluded with the Trump campaign is ludicrous, for three reasons.The first is there is no evidence whatsoever to support that claim. Obama’s own James Clapper and Mike Morell even said so — though it took Trump’s tweets about “wiretapping” to flush them out of hiding.Second, the Russians could not have known that Trump would win, and would not have targeted Clinton alone when it seemed that she could exact punishment once she took office.The third reason is that Hillary Rodham Clinton was arguably the most pro-Russian official since Alger Hiss. From the Russian “reset,” to giving up missile defense, to the one-sided New START treaty, to the uranium giveaway, to the loss of the Middle East, and to the loss of the Crimea (which happened on her successor’s watch, while she remained silent), Clinton ran the State Department almost like a post-Soviet satellite.Indeed, if Donald Trump really wanted to appease Russian President Vladimir Putin, it would be hard to find anything left with which to appease him. The Russians saw Trump’s criticism of NATO as useful, and applauded him. But they likely preferred Clinton.Already, Trump has been much tougher on Russia than Obama ever was. From blasting Russia at the UN Security Council over the eastern Ukraine, to threatening to tear up the New START treaty, Trump has opposed Putin — and it shows. Trump foreign policy adviser Sebastian Gorka, formerly of Breitbart News, is also a vociferous critic of Russia.So the Russia “scandal” is much ado about nothing. But it keeps the media distracted from what Trump is really doing — such as taking a chainsaw to Obama’s regulations — and it keeps the Democrats from developing an actual message.The beauty of it all? Aside from Trump’s tweets, the media and the Democrats are creating this distraction themselves.Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.Big Government, Big Journalism, National Security, Adam Schiff, appeasement, Devin Nunes, false accusations, Hillary Clinton, House Intelligence Committee, James Clapper, Mike Morell, Russia hacking, Russians, Vladimir Putin








White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer highlighted two during the White House press briefing.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEROne was an interview on March 2, in which former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas described to MSNBC how she urged former colleagues in government to save and spread as much information on Russia as they could before Trump came into office.Farkas said, according to an exact transcript of the interview:I was urging my former colleagues and — and frankly speaking, people on the Hill — it was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people, ‘Get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can, before President Obama leaves the administration,’ because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left, so it would be hidden away, in the bureaucracy, that the Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about their — the staff, the Trump staff’s dealing with Russians, that they would try to compromise those sources and methods, meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence, so I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia. So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking. People are worried.Spicer said that interview “raised serious concerns on whether or not there was an organized and widespread effort by the Obama administration to use and leak highly sensitive intelligence information for political purposes.”Separately, Spicer pointed to an NBC News report on Friday that appeared to corroborate Farkas’s comments.It said Obama administration officials were so concerned about what would happen to key classified documents related to a probe into Russian interference in the elections once Trump took office that they created a list of document serial numbers to give to senior members of the Senate Intelligence Committee.A former Obama official told NBC News that the list was created in early January and that he “hand-carried it” to committee members. He said the purpose was to make it “harder to bury” the information, to “share it with those on the Hill who could lawfully see the documents,” and to make sure it could reside in an intelligence committee safe, “not just at Langley” — the CIA’s headquarters.“Dr. Farkas’s admissions alone are devastating,” Spicer said.Critics of the administration have pointed out on social media that Farkas left the administration in September 2015, but the concern is not whether she herself tried to save and spread intelligence, but that she was urging some of her former colleagues still in the administration to do so, and knew of some who “were trying to also help get information to the Hill.”Farkas has also been described as a Hillary Clinton campaign adviser, including in a March 2017 New Yorker report.During the briefing Spicer also suggested that administration officials may have more evidence to back up Farkas’s account—as well as Trump’s assertion that his campaign was being spied on by the Obama administration—that they intended to share with congressional leaders.Spicer said the White House had invited House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) and ranking member Adam Schiff (D-WA) to the White House on Friday. Schiff was later seen entering the White House.“There is a — there is a concern that people misused, mishandled, misdirected classified information, leaked it out, spread it out, violated civil liberties. And the potential that that should — that that happened should concern every single American,” Spicer said.“Day by day, more and more, we are seeing that the substance of what we’ve been talking about continues to move exactly in the direction the president spoke about in terms of surveillance that occurred. And that should be very troubling,” he said.Big Government, National Security, Evelyn Farkas, Farkas, Nunes, surveillance, Trump, White House, wiretap








“Everyone who’s been briefed on this subject, from Republican to Democrat to CIA — former Obama administration’s [Director of National Intelligence James] Clapper, [CIA Director John] Brennan, you name it — all of the people come back with the same conclusion…that there’s been no evidence,” he said at the White House press briefing.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERSpicer said if anyone was trying to engage with Russia, it was Hillary Clinton.“It was Hillary Clinton, who was the architect of the last administration’s failed reset policy — she told Russian state TV that it was designed to strengthen Russia. That was their goal: to strengthen Russia,” he said.“She used her office to make concession after concession, selling off one-fifth of our country’s uranium, paid speeches, paid deals, getting personal calls from Vladimir Putin. I think if there’s — really want to talk about a Russian connection and the substance, that’s where we should be looking,” he added.Spicer was referring to how in 2010, then-Secretary of State Clinton was one of nine to sign off on Russia’s purchase of a controlling stake in Uranium One, an international mining company headquartered in Canada. Around the same time, a Russian investment bank paid Bill Clinton $500,000 to give a speech.“When you talk about connections to Russia, the only connection that anyone’s made with President Trump is multiple years ago he hosted a pageant there and he’s — some of the — you know, he owns condos around the world and some of them were sold to some Russians and I think he sold a house to one several years back. That’s his connection,” he said.“So when you compare the two sides in terms of who’s actually engaging with Russia, trying to strengthen them, trying to act with them, trying to interact with them, it is night and day between our actions and her actions,” he said. “And yet no one questioned what she was doing or how she was handling it.”Critics of President Trump have argued that his campaign aides colluded with Russia to help him get elected.While intelligence officials have assessed that Russia tried to interfere in the U.S. elections in favor of Trump by hacking into the Democratic National Committee and Clinton aide John Podesta and leaking embarrassing emails, there has been no evidence that Russia affected the outcome of the election or that there was collusion with Trump campaign officials.The FBI is investigating the matter, and the House and Senate intelligence committees are also investigating it. But Clapper told NBC News on March 5 that no evidence existed that showed any collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.“Not to my knowledge,” he said, when asked if any evidence existed. Clapper said there could have been information found since he left the government on January 20, but as of then, “We had no evidence of such collusion.”Big Government, National Security, collusion, Hillary Clinton, Sean Spicer, Trump, Trump Campaign








Parents at Clements High School in Sugar Land, Texas, a suburb of Houston, learned of “a suspected case of tuberculosis” on February 9. “Parents of students at El Campo High School were also informed of a student with a possible case of the illness,” KPRC Click2Houston.com reported in February.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERSchool officials have not responded to requests for the current status of those two “suspected” cases of TB. Breitbart News has asked officials at both schools if the two individuals suspected of having TB were removed from school campuses and have remained away but has received no response.“This individual is undergoing treatment and is not contagious,” a spokesperson for the Fort Bend County Department of Health and Human Services tells Breitbart News about the individual who was “a suspected case of tuberculosis” at Clements High School in Sugar Land.“I’m not allowed to say what kind of treatment they are getting,” the spokesperson adds.“I cannot tell you what they were diagnosed with,” the spokesperson says when pressed further by Breitbart News.Public health and school officials were sufficiently concerned about the “suspected” cases of TB at both schools that they asked a number of students and staff members to be tested for the disease.School officials have not responded to requests for the current status of those two “suspected” cases of TB. Breitbart News has asked officials at both schools if the two individuals suspected of having TB were removed from school campuses and have remained away but has received no response.El Campo is a city of about 11,000 in Wharton County, located forty miles southwest of Sugar Land.News of the two cases of TB at Houston area high schools comes on the heels of other recent disturbing reports of TB at high schools in Nebraska, Minnesota, and California, as well as a middle school in South Carolina.“We have met with the Texas Department of State Health Services pertaining to a suspected case of TB,” El Campo High School principal Rich DuBroc said in a statement posted on the school’s website on February 7:TB is a disease spread through prolonged, close exposure to someone who has the germ in his/her lungs. Exposure is most likely to occur when a person with TB is actively coughing. TB can usually be prevented and treated effectively with appropriate medications. As part of their ongoing investigation, DSHS will conduct a screening on Thursday, February 9, and Friday, February 10, for those individuals at El Campo High School who have been identified as having close exposure. Further information and consent forms will be shared tomorrow.“Fort Bend Clinical Health Services has notified Clements High School about a suspected case of tuberculosis (TB),” Clements High School principal David Yaffie wrote in a letter sent to parents on February 9:Tuberculosis is a bacterial illness acquired through breathing in infected droplets from the cough or sneeze of a person with active TB. Tuberculosis is not easily transmitted. It is spread when a person inhales airborne germs over a long period of time in a confined area from someone with the disease who coughs or sneezes.Confidentiality laws prohibit us from releasing the individual’s name. However, I can assure you the school is working actively with Fort Bend County Health & Human Services and taking all necessary steps in order to ensure the health and safety of all our students and staff.Because significant exposure to TB is required in order to develop an infection, and based on the level of interaction with the individual, the health department has identified a small group of students and staff who will require testing. They have received separate notification from the school and the health department.If you have not been contacted, there is no reason for your child to be tested at this time. However, if you would like, you may have your child tested by your private provider.“The results came back negative for the adults and students who were tested,” the spokesperson for the Fort Bend County Department of Health and Human Services tells Breitbart News about the results of these tests at Clements High School.Breitbart News posed the following questions about the case to Mr. Yaffie but has not received a response:1. Has the Fort Bend Public Health Department advised whether this individual suspected of having TB was subsequently diagnosed with TB?2. Was this individual a student, a teacher, or another staff member?3. Was this individual an American citizen?4. Was this individual a refugee or of other foreign-born immigrant status?5. Was this individual removed from the school and are they still removed from the school?6. How many students at Clements High are currently enrolled in English Language Learner programs?Clements High School is part of the Fort Bend Independent School District.El Campo High School is part of the much smaller El Campo Independent School District.Breitbart News contacted El Campo Independent School District Superintendent of Schools Mary Waters for comment but has not received a response.On February 22, El Campo High School principal Dubroc sent this follow-up email:I am sending this to all e-mail addresses in the ECHS system, but it applies only to those who tested for Tuberculosis with us at ECHS.Earlier this month DSHS conducted Round 1 Tuberculosis testing due to a suspect case at El Campo High School. To ensure notification of results is sent to the correct address, please complete the attached address authorization consent form.…A follow-up test – Round 2 Tuberculosis testing – will be offered the week of April 10, 2017. A negative follow-up test at that time would indicate that your child has not been infected with the germ that causes Tuberculosis.Clements High School, as part of the Fort Bend Independent School District, offers “ESL (English as a Second Language) for parents” free of charge.“FBISD’s family literacy program helps families build the foundation for life long learning,” according to the Fort Bend Independent School District website:The comprehensive program includes:ESL (English as a Second Language) for parents
Homework assistance, tutoring, or early childhood education, while parents attend class
Parent education classes: GED, citizenship, computer literacy
Literacy-based activities for parents and children
Latino Family Literacy Project
All services are FREE!As Breitbart News has reported extensively, 66 percent of all cases of active TB diagnosed in the United States in 2015 were foreign-born.Big Government, Medicine, active TB, Clements High School, El Campo High School, Fort Bend Independent School District, tuberculosis








In the first part of this series, we considered Trump’s warning: The question of whether or not Obamacare will “explode.”  And our tentative answer was that the national political system, almost certainly, will seek to prevent, or at least contain, any such explosion. SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEROkay, so now let’s turn to Trump’s prediction that “we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for the people.”  Trump has, indeed, made some bold promises about his healthcare plan.  He has said, for example, that it will be “much less expensive and much better.” And if the failed AHCA fell far short of those aspirations, well, Trump can point out that it really wasn’t his bill; it was the House Republicans’: As he said in the Oval Office on March 24, after AHCA went down, “There were things in this bill I didn’t particularly like.”  And as for his own future signature effort on healthcare, if and when that comes, he said, “I’ll tell you what’s going to come out of it is a better bill.”Indeed, at a March 28 reception for a bipartisan group of senators at the White House, the President, eyeing Sen. Charles Schumer leader of the Senate Democrats, then said, “I know that we are all going to make a deal on healthcare. . . . I have no doubt that that’s going to happen very quickly.” He added, “Hopefully it will start being bipartisan because everybody really wants the same thing.” Well, not quite everybody, as we saw in the AHCA debate.  But here’s what Schumer wants: On the issue of Obamacare “exploding,” he has said, “For the President to say that he’ll destroy it or undermine it, that’s not presidential. That’s petulance.  And it’s not going to work.”  And as for working with Republicans to improve Obamacare, Schumer has been blunt as to his basic precondition: “If they would denounce ‘repeal’ . . . then we’ll work with them on improving it and making it better. They can’t continue to want to repeal.”  So it’s obvious: If Trumpcare is defined only as health insurance, it will end up looking a lot like Obamacare.   It’s possible, of course, that Trump will choose, in the end, not to work with the Democrats on Obamacare changes.  And what will happen then?  The Republican Senate Leader, Mitch McConnell, gave the most useful perspective: “I think where we are on Obamacare, regretfully at the moment, is where the Democrats wanted us to be, which is the status quo.”Such an assessment will cause a lot of glum faces in Republican ranks, as well as declarations of never-say-die defiance.  And yet as we shall see, a “great healthcare plan” was never going to come from a rejiggering of insurance.   That is, tinkering with finance, alone—shifting, say, more from public to private—is not going to generate a program that’s “less expensive and much better.”  In fact, even a favored solution on the right, interstate competition for health insurance, wouldn’t have much net effect.  And why not?  Because it would lead to insurance cherrypicking; that is, “young immortals” nationwide would, indeed, get cheaper insurance, because everyone wants to sell insurance to people who aren’t likely to need it.  And yet those savings would mostly come at the expense of the older and sicker, who would have to pay for more to fill up the insurance pool, even as policies became harder to find.  (Additionally, of course, the taxpayers could be forced to chip in, further underscoring the point that interstate competition, by itself, wouldn’t save money for the overall system.)  So we can see: If the issue is only moving dollar-numbers around, not much will have changed: For older folks, their health needs won’t be any different just because youngsters can buy less expensive insurance; oldsters that the greatest expenses will all found. We can also say that a focus on finance—that is, insurance—is never going to address the ultimate problem that confront the health system.  That ultimate problem, of course, isn’t money, but rather, health itself. We can illuminate this point easily enough, by citing a common and dreaded illness, Alzheimer’s Disease (AD).  Today, AD makes no distinction between Obamacare or Ryancare.  That is, if a patient is diagnosed with AD—as 5.5 million Americans will be this year—there’s no cure, nor any really meaningful treatment, no matter how much money or insurance the patient might have.  To be sure, a rich, or well insured, AD patient will get better care than one without such resources.  But given the current lack of a cure, the patient’s ultimate fate is the same, whether the care is gold-plated or copper-plated.   Today, in all AD cases, what’s missing is hope—the hope that comes from a cure.  Thus we can see: The key variable is not finance, it’s science.  That is, whether or not a cure is available.Of course, common decency—and patriotism—tells us that we want AD victims of all income levels to be treated with compassion; they are, after all, our fellow Americans.  As Trump said during the campaign last year, we’re not going to let them “die sitting in the middle of the street.”  And yet sadly, we must conclude that our compassion, essential as it is, will not have all that much impact on the patient’s prognosis—all such care is, to be cold about it, ultimately futile.  Now we can make a further point: Care for AD patients, especially those with dementia, is going to be expensive, no matter what the funding source, public or private.  That is, it will be costly.  Yes, we must beware of unfeelingly bureaucratic public hospitals that are merely warehouses for the dying, but we must also beware of cost-cutting private facilities that are profit-centers for some bean-counter with a spreadsheet.  So we can see: Any system that cares for AD victims will be expensive and yet, at the same time, require a great deal of public scrutiny and supervision to protect the public interest.  Indeed, the labor-intensivity of AD care, absent a good treatment or cure, is what makes such care costly; we can think of all those healthcare workers changing bedpans.  Economists have a useful concept to describe this phenomenon: Baumol’s Law.  We can sum it up readily: If it’s labor intensive, it will be expensive. And yet there is an escape from this upward cycle of rising costs.  And that escape can be summed up in a word that’s far different from finance.  And that word, of course, is science.  Medical science, in fact, is a twofer: It offers relief from the human terror of disease, as well as from the terrible fiscal cost of disease.  And we can illustrate this point with a story ripped from the latest headlines: On March 28, the Food and Drug Administration approved a new drug, Ocrelizumab, that is the first medication that finally offers true hope to MS patients.  MS, of course, is a terrible wasting disease that affects 400,000 Americans.  And if, as with AD, MS sufferers are simply financed by health insurance, private or public, they don’t have much to look forward to.  And, of course, the taxpayers can look forward only to massive costs. To be sure, Ocrelizumab isn’t cheap; it’s projected to cost $65,000 a year.  And yet if the drug’s creator, Dr. Stephen Hauser of the University of California, San Francisco, is correct when he says that newly diagnosed MS patients will be able to “look forward to a full life without significant disability,” then the drug will likely pay for itself, as MS patients continue on with their productive lives.    Hope for millions?  Cures that pay themselves? Surely we can agree: Now that’s a great healthcare program. In fact, the news of medical miracles, or at least their prospect, is near-continuous.  Recently, scientists in the United Kingdom have figured out how to convert spinach into working heart tissue.  That’s right, the green leaf might soon become the new heart. Meanwhile, at Ohio State, they’re working on creating synthetic blood.  And at Case Western Reserve, also in the Buckeye State, they have figured out how quadriplegics can use thought to regain motor control.   And in a Manhattan emergency room, they’ve already installed telemedicine portals that, almost literally, enable doctors to be two places at once, thereby dramatically shortening waiting times from hours to minutes.  Moreover, there’s even new hope for Alzheimer’s:  Researchers at the University of Queensland in Australia are developing a possible ultrasound therapy for AD patients.  To be sure, we don’t yet know if any of the approaches described above—will prove effective.  Yet still, the history of our collective medical success against other awful maladies—from the bubonic plague to polio to Ebola—gives us ground for cautious optimism.   So why not AD, too?  And everything else, even new human hearts made of spinach!  So now the real essence of “a great healthcare plan for the people” is starting to come into focus.  That is, of necessity, it would put the focus on science, not finance.   Yes, of course, finance is necessary, but money by itself won’t cure a thing.  We can sum up the reality: Money is transactional; if cash goes from Smith to Jones, or vice versa, and nothing else, the net benefit of society doesn’t change.  By contrast, science is transformational: It transforms both Smith and Jones.  The issue is simple: It means extending people’s productive and independent lives.  And science has been proven to do that: In 1900, the life expectancy of the average American was less than 50; Today, it’s nearly 80.Moreover cures transform costs—downward.   Aside from the obvious individual gains of better health, there are also societal gains.  If we recall that Baumol’s Law speaks to the high cost of labor intensiveness, then we can grasp that a cure for AD would save billions and, over time, trillions on the cost of nurses and caregivers. The reality of the transformative power of medical science should thus be obvious to all.  And yet strangely, for the most part, science has been missing from the Washington, DC, healthcare debate.  We might ask ourselves: In the recent fight over AHCA, did the idea of “cures” ever come up?  That is, Republicans were trying to save money on healthcare, and yet the notion of helping people to be healthier by curing disease wasn’t part of the debate.  As Trump might say, Sad!  One astute Republican observer who gets the point about the transformative power of technology is the veteran politico Alex Castellanos.  Two days after the defeat of AHCA, he compared medical progress to computer progress:Message for Republicans: You don’t replace manual typewriters with bigger manual typewriters.  You open up the system to evolve and create laptops and mobile devices.  You open up health care to innovate and lower costs by evolving new treatments and cures. Interestingly, the Trump administration seems to be moving in this direction.  On March 27, top White House aide Jared Kushner, the President’s son-in-law, was tapped to lead a White House Office of American Innovation, focused on modernizing the federal government with the latest private-sector thinking.  One of Kushner’s specific missions is to think through an overhaul of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and we can all agree that that’s a great place to start. So here’s one idea, from Dr. Joseph V. Gulfo, MD, of Fairleigh Dickinson University’s Lewis Center for Healthcare Innovation and Technology.  In an interview, Gulfo summed up his idea in two words: wearable technology.  That is, let’s be sure that all our aging heroes in the VA system have access to the sort of ever-present monitors that could keep them healthier and living longer.  We’re all familiar with consumer health-monitoring devices, such as Fitbit, and any number of wearables and apps, but Gulfo goes further: “With real hospital-equipment-level wearables, we could track vitals, those whose who are not compliant with their regimen [for prescription meds], and those in need of rehab.” Gulfo adds that such a system of wearables could be implemented quickly, since most of the technology is already available. “We could have one for every veteran, probably within a year. That could be a Trump administration goal.” Translation: If Team Trump is hungry for a quick win that real people would notice, this could be it. Moreover, we can see in such a program a vision of economic renaissance for US manufacturing: The VA embraces wearable technology, and, at the same time, it stipulates, Buy American. To be sure, Gulfo’s idea, promising as it might be, is just one of many.  But the common thread running through any plan for true healthcare greatness is science, along with its close cousin, technology.    In fact, it’s science that actually cures, while finance merely pays.  Paying is important, but curing is more important.  So if Trumpcare is ever to be seen as anything different from Obamacare, it will start with science, and then cures.   It’s through a Cure Strategy that we will know that Washington is putting the health of Americans first.  Big Government, Medicine, Obamacare, Cure Strategy, Donald Trump, healthcare reform, James Pinkerton, obamacare








“The problem in journals, with government research, and with universities is that nobody asks them to follow [it]. I’ve been publishing for 55 years and can’t ever recall anyone saying ‘you should follow the scientific method.'”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERArmstrong, along with Dr Kesten Green developed a checklist of eight criteria to assess whether a paper or a study follows the scientific method. According to the checklist, scientific studies must (1) test multiple reasonable hypotheses, (2) provide useful findings, (3) fully disclose methods, data, and other relevant information, (4) conduct a comprehensive review of prior knowledge, (5) use valid and comparable data, (6) use valid and simple methods, (7) provide any experimental evidence, (8) reach conclusions consistent with the evidence.“So, [Dr.] Kesten Green and I got involved with this to develop a simple checklist that would help people to say ‘are you following the scientific method?’ If you’re going to fly a plane, if you’re going to be a doctor and operate, you have to use a checklist, and if you use a checklist you are much more effective. Nothing like that exists right now.”“There is one exception, and that is PLOS One, Public Library of Science One actually provides a checklist. I think it took them about five years before they became the largest scientific journal in the world, so they’ve really revolutionized things.”“What’s happening now is, government research, universities — they’re asking for what I call advocacy research. They have something, they want you to prove it, make sure you prove it, you do, you keep getting paid.”“Advocacy research is the bulk of these 99 percent of non-scientific studies, and they’re not done for scientific development, they’re done to support a political idea. If you want to make money in universities these days, you publish papers that support global warming and you live handsomely.”Armstrong said that the problem of ideologically-driven research had been a problem since at least the 1920s, but that it has intensified in recent years with the “vast growth of government funding for research.”“I agree with many of the greats of the past when I say that the government should not be involved in research.”Armstrong reiterated his argument that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) violates all eight of his checklist for following the scientific method. “If you don’t believe me, you can go and look at their work and you can use that checklist.”Listen to Professor Armstrong’s full discussion with Alex Marlow below.Radio, Tech, Breitbart News Daily, Global Warming, J Scott Armstrong, science, scientific method








According to comments made Thursday by ESPN’s Jim Miller on SI Media Podcast with Richard Deitsch, dozens of employees will soon join the unemployment lines.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“The way that I’ve heard it—and I’ve kind of run the numbers on it, I think we’re looking at between 40 and 50 people,” Miller said. “And look, there’s a lot of uncertainty about who it’s gonna be and why. Remember, this is not quantum physics, so it’s not an exact equation.”The plight of ESPN is no trivial matter for entertainment giant Disney, the parent company for the “Worldwide leader in sports entertainment.” In February, The Wrap reported, “Cable networks, particularly ESPN, have been an albatross on Disney’s stock price even as the company’s two other major prongs, movies, and theme parks, continue to perform well. “As cheaper TV alternatives began to proliferate, ESPN hemorrhaged subscribers during the course of 2016 and is now at less than 88 million, compared with a peak of 100.1 million in 2011. At an estimated $7 per subscriber, that dip has been a substantial hit to Disney, especially considering media networks made up 49 percent of Disney’s profits during fiscal 2016.”Miller presented a potential revised line up for the beleaguered network:
6 a.m. — Re-air of Neil Everett and Stan Verrett’s SportsCenter from the night before7-10 a.m. — Mike Greenberg’s newly announced show, which, as Miller points out, will feature only one on-air personality10 a.m.-noon — First Take, presumably still featuring Stephen A. Smith, Max Kellerman and Molly QerimNoon-1 p.m. — A widely rumored but yet-to-be-unveiled show featuring Bomani Jones and Pablo Torre1-6 p.m. —”The normal kind of coverage of what they’re doing, and Around the Horn and PTI6 p.m. — SC6 with Jemele Hill and Michael SmithEvening — Live sports11 p.m. — SportsCenterMidnight — Scott Van Pelt’s SportsCenter show1 a.m. — Everett and Verrett’s SportsCenter showMiller went on to say, “If you’re ESPN talent and you’re looking at a schedule that’s something like that, based on the commitments they’ve made, if you’re not on that, then you’re starting to feel a little shaky.” But, he caveated,  “That’s not to say everyone else is gone, but I think those are the people that should take a deep breath, and those are the people that should feel immune.”Deitsch responded, according to his sources at ESPN, “If you are part of the SportsCenter unit right now but not one of the special talents where management has tapped on the shoulder and given the golden ticket, if I were one of those people I would be talking to my agent and my representation of how management thinks of me.”Both Deitsch and Miller agreed that the most popular sportscasters will keep their jobs, however, they might be subject to substantial pay cuts.Breitbart Sports, ESPN








On Wednesday, Mrs. Trump’s Twitter account @FLOTUS posted the following message: “I urge you to not be afraid to fail, as failure will never have the power to define you, as long as you learn from it.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERTo which the comedienne responded: “which is y u need to divorce him. take ur son n parents and FLEE [sic].”@FLOTUS – which is y u need to divorce him – take ur son n parents and FLEE— ROSIE (@Rosie) March 29, 2017O’Donnell has been very outspoken about her disdain for the president, and their infamous feud dates back nearly a decade. She has previously called Trump an “orange piece of sh*t” and a “bully” who is “not even qualified to run a game show.”The former View co-host has spent months attacking Trump’s family members.After President Trump’s election victory, O’Donnell shared a video on social media that questioned whether or not Trump’s youngest son, Barron, was autistic. O’Donnell eventually apologized to Melania Trump for posting the video.In February, O’Donnell led a protest outside the White House ahead of the president’s first joint address to Congress.“We have seen what you have done, sir. We have seen your connection with Russia. The game is over,” O’Donnell said then, later vowing: “We will get him out!” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudsonBig Hollywood, Barron Trump, Donald Trump, Melania Trump, Rosie O'Donnell








“When the conversation turns to President Trump, Lydon is provocative as ever,” the reporter said in introducing Lydon’s remarks.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“I think he’s absolutely magnificent,” Lydon said. “He’s a total cat amongst the pigeons.“It’s got everybody now involving themselves in a political way,” Lydon said. “And I’ve been struggling for years to get people to wake up and do that.”NPR spoke to Lydon, the singer with the iconic 1970s punk band, on the occasion of the release of  “Mr. Rotten’s Songbook,” a compilation of lyrics of all the songs he penned.Lydon also illustrated the 300-page book, according to NPR.“I’ve got all these nice little anarchists running around with swords,” Lydon said, describing the drawings, “and the black and red anarchist flag. And of course, the Union Jack.”Rotten became a U.S. citizen in 2013 and has previously praised Trump and criticized the “left-wing media” in this country.“What I dislike is the left-wing media in America are trying to smear the bloke as a racist, and that’s completely not true,” Lydon said in an interview in London on Monday and reported by the Washington Times.“There’s many, many problems with him as a human being, but he’s not that, and there just might be a chance something good will come out of that situation, because he terrifies politicians.”Big Government, Breitbart London, Johnny Rotten, NPR, Sex Pistols, Trump








America: The Motion Picture! will be an “R-rated revisionist history tale about the founding of the country,” according to Deadline.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERMagic Mike star Channing Tatum has been tapped to voice the nation’s first president, George Washington. No additional casting information has been released at this time.The streaming giant’s first animated feature will be directed by Archer executive producer Matt Thompson, from a script written by The Expendables scribe Dave Callaham.America marks the latest news about original content coming from the streaming giant.Last week, Netflix announced that their distribution deal with actor Adam Sandler has been extended with the addition of a new four-film deal with the Happy Madison boss to create more original content.As for Tatum, he appeared this week at CinemaCon 2017 to unveiled new footage from Twentieth Century Fox’s spy action sequel Kingsman: The Golden Circle.  Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudsonBig Hollywood, America: The Motion Picture, Channing Tatum, George Washington, Netflix








In late August of 1776, the British Army landed more than twenty thousand troops on Long Island, where they planned to annihilate the Patriot forces. British General William Howe ordered a third of his Redcoats and Hessians to attack Washington’s troops head on, while the remainder circled around behind to trap the Americans.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe battle evolved exactly according to Howe’s plan, and within hours, he had trapped Washington and his men on the Heights of Gowanus in Brooklyn. The end seemed near for the young American army.To give hundreds of men in Washington’s army time to escape, the Marylanders mounted a series of suicidal bayonet charges against an old stone house occupied by British General Lord Cornwallis and his Redcoats. Flanked by thousands of British and Hessian troops, a few hundred men fought desperately and somehow bought enough time for the bulk of Washington’s men to withdraw. Washington, watching the action unfold through his spyglass, cried out “Good God! What brave fellows I must this day lose!”Many of the Marylanders involved in the charge sacrificed their lives. Most lie in a mass grave somewhere near the epic stand in Brooklyn. The exact whereabouts of the mass grave remains one of the greatest unsolved mysteries of the Revolution. But a handful of Marylanders survived. To stay alive, they would have to swim eighty yards across Gowanus Creek while under a hail of fire. Witnessing his brothers in danger, Lt. Steward jumped into action. He provided covering fire as the Marylanders swam for their lives. His valiant actions saved many of his Maryland brothers, who would eventually form the core of the regiment that Washington would call upon time and again in the inflection points of some of the greatest battles of the American Revolution.The story of Steward and the other Marylanders is captured in the best-selling book Washington’s Immortals, recently released in paperback. This unique book is the first Band of Brothers treatment of the American Revolution, detailing the most important elements of nearly every significant battle of The War of Independence.Steward’s next bold stand arose at the Battle of Staten Island in August 1777, when the Americans mounted a raid against a British outpost. At first, the Patriots caught the British by surprise and quickly captured dozens of prisoners and large quantities of supplies. But the Redcoats regrouped and drove the Continental troops back to their boats. Steward led a desperate rear guard, holding off hundreds of British troops long enough for most of the raiding party to escape.When all the boats retreated from the island, the enemy surrounded Steward, forcing him to surrender. They placed him on one of the prison ships docked in New York Harbor. Often called “hell ships,” these vessels served as floating concentration camps where prisoners (as many as 15,000 Americans) slowly starved or perished from disease in the cramped, vermin-infested quarters. However, knowing he would “only live once,” the indomitable Steward miraculously escaped via a rowboat he purloined and rejoined Washington’s Army.By July 1779, the War of Independence had tediously dragged on for more than three years, and the Americans had survived a brutal winter at Valley Forge. After vigilantly gathering actionable intelligence on the British outpost at Stony Point, Washington ordered a raid to assault the fort and remove the threat the British fortification posed to American defenses in the Hudson Valley. Rather than deploy his entire army, which could have played into a British counterattack, Washington unleashed more than 1,000 men from his light infantry, a corps “composed of the best, most hardy and active marksmen.” The volunteer force, unencumbered by baggage and heavy artillery, earned renown for their daring, alertness, and efficiency. Jack Steward commanded a unit within the light infantry.Steward, now a major, first rode out with the commander of the raid Brigadier General “Mad Anthony” Wayne to spy out the lay of the land and take a closer look at the Stony Point’s defenses. Wayne realized that to have any chance of success he would need a “forlorn hope,” in today’s parlance, a suicide squad. Their mission was to cut through the thick abatis while under fire from the heavily defended fort. The sharpened logs — the eighteenth century equivalent of barbed wire — and multiple cannon made the fort nearly impregnable. Steward volunteered to lead the forlorn hope and the advance guard, the first to pierce the Point’s defenses. He encouraged men to join him, saying, “I want no men but the best, those that are willing to face death for their country.” Steward’s advance guard consisted entirely of volunteers, “desperadoes led by officers of distinguished merit.” The most fervent Patriots volunteered to be part of the forlorn hope, which they considered an immensely honorable post. Steward garnered so many volunteers that the men had to draw lots to determine who would join.Under the cover of darkness, Steward and his forlorn hope stealthily approached the fort. To preserve the element of surprise, General “Mad Anthony” Wayne ordered, “Should there be any soldier so lost to every feeling of honor, as to attempt to retreat one single foot or skulk in the face of danger, the officer next to him is immediately to put him to death.” The same fate would befall any man who spoke or discharged his musket. The officers carried spontoons — long, menacing, razor-sharp iron pikes on the end of wooden poles — which would be used without hesitation to fulfill General Wayne’s order should the need arise (Wayne didn’t provision “safe spaces” for the light infantry). And the need did arise — at least one man who attempted to flee was run through by an American officer.Once on the abatis, Steward’s men began hacking away. Within seconds, a British sentry sounded the alarm, and drummers beat the call to arms. As the axes cut a small opening in the British defenses, musket balls and grape shot from cannon tore into Steward’s men. However, the forlorn hope persisted, eventually cutting a hole wide enough for the rest of the American light infantry to infiltrate.But the forlorn hope was not finished. Steward’s men had to penetrate the second abatis, with the British now fully alert and firing their cannons and muskets. Men fell, cut down by the deadly fire, but the axes finally succeeded in breaching the defenses. Steward and his advance guard poured through the opening, leading the assault on the fort.The Americans won the day, achieving a crucial victory that boosted morale among the Patriots. General Wayne reported the victory to Washington, noting, “Our officers and men behaved like men who are determined to be free.” For his daring actions at Stony Point, Jack Steward received a Congressional Silver Medal, a precursor to the Medal of Honor — one of only about a dozen medals awarded during the Revolution.Steward, promoted to colonel, would go on to fight in many more critical battles of the Revolution in the South. Forward-thinking for his day, he petitioned to lead a regiment of African Americans, but the idea never got off the ground.The Man of Forlorn Hope survived countless battles and witnessed the Yorktown surrender of Cornwallis – the very general that killed so many of his Maryland brothers at the stone house in Brooklyn. The war nearly over, Steward was riding on the outskirts of Charleston, to George Washington’s nephew, William Washington’s wedding party when his horse fell. “And the Colonel pitching on his head in a ditch, dislocated his neck. He lived till Sunday morning about seven o’clock and then died.”Maryland’s indestructible man, who had survived the Battle of Brooklyn, escaped a prison ship, led the forlorn hope at Stony Point, and fought in many battles in South, including Yorktown, died 234 years ago this week.The officers of the Maryland Line, Steward’s friends, gathered to mourn. The next day, they interred Steward with every military honor. “This gentlemen, whose untimely death is much to be lamented, had served with great reputation during the war, and was much beloved by the army.”He only lived once, but made the most of that life, dedicating it to the cause of American freedom.Patrick K. O’Donnell is a bestselling, critically acclaimed military historian and an expert on elite units. He is the author of ten books. Washington’s Immortals is his newest, which has just been released as a soft cover and has been named one of the 100 Best American Revolution Books of All Time by the Journal of the American Revolution. O’Donnell served as a combat historian in a Marine rifle platoon during the Battle of Fallujah and speaks often on espionage, special operations, and counterinsurgency. He has provided historical consulting for DreamWorks’ award-winning miniseries Band of Brothers and for documentaries produced by the BBC, the History Channel, and Discovery. PatrickkODonnell.com @combathistorianBig Government, American Revolution, Battle of Long Island, Battle of Staten Island, Jack Steward, Patrick K. ODonnell, Washington's Immortals, Washington's Immortals: The Untold Story of an Elite Regiment Who Changed the Course of the Revolution








Tokyo (AFP) – A Japanese whaling fleet returned to port Friday after an annual Antarctic hunt that killed more than 300 of the mammals as Tokyo pursues the programme in defiance of global criticism.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe fleet set sail for the Southern Ocean in November, with plans to slaughter 333 minke whales, flouting a worldwide moratorium and opposition led by Australia and New Zealand.The fleet consisted of five ships, three of which arrived in the morning at Shimonoseki port in western Japan, the country’s Fisheries Agency said.More than 200 people, including crew members and their families, gathered in the rain for a 30-minute ceremony in front of the Nisshin Maru, the fleet’s main ship, according to an official of the Shimonoseki City government.In a press release, the agency described the mission as “research for the purpose of studying the ecological system in the Antarctic Sea”.But environmentalists and the International Court of Justice (IJC) call that a fiction and say the real purpose is simply to hunt whales for their meat.Anticipating the fleet’s return, animal protection charity Humane Society International called for an end to Japanese whaling. “Each year that Japan persists with its discredited scientific whaling is another year where these wonderful animals are needlessly sacrificed,” said Kitty Block, the group’s executive vice president.“It is an obscene cruelty in the name of science that must end,” she said in a release.– Research claims –Japan also caught 333 minke whales in the previous season ending in 2016 after a one-year hiatus prompted by an IJC ruling, which said the hunt was a commercial venture masquerading as science and ordered Tokyo to end it.Under the International Whaling Commission (IWC), to which Japan is a signatory, there has been a moratorium on hunting whales since 1986.Tokyo exploits a loophole allowing whales to be killed for “scientific research” and claims it is trying to prove the population is large enough to sustain a return to commercial hunting.But it also makes no secret of the fact that whale meat ends up on dinner tables and is served up in school lunches.Japan has hunted whales for centuries, and their meat was a key source of protein in the immediate post-World War II years when the country was desperately poor.But consumption has dramatically declined in recent decades, with significant proportions of the population saying they “never” or “rarely” eat whale meat.In response to the ICJ ruling, Japan’s 2014-15 mission carried out only “non-lethal research” such as taking skin samples and doing headcounts.Past missions have been hampered by a confrontational campaign on the high seas by environmentalists Sea Shepherd, though Japan has won some relief from the group through the courts.A fisheries agency official said that the whalers this time faced “no obstructive behaviour threatening safety of the fleet and crew members” by the group.He attributed that partially to Japan having started dispatching fisheries agency patrol ships to protect the fleet.








Shanghai (AFP) – Poodles in pink dresses, Pekinese wearing blouses, a Pomeranian in sneakers and a raincoat — Shanghai’s sidewalks can sometimes seem like fashion catwalks gone to the dogs.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERChinese adore their pet canines, often dressing them up in eye-catching outfits, and nowhere are such furry fashionistas more conspicuous than in China’s commercial hub.“Pet owners like to dress up their pets, the way they would their own children,” said a woman surnamed Huang as she walked her two fluffy brown poodles, one with a pink bowtie and the other wearing a blue one, through a central Shanghai neighbourhood.Or rather they walked her — riding in a baby stroller as Huang pushed.It’s big business too.At least 40 percent of pet merchants in China sell pet clothing, according to Yourpet Market Research Institute, which studies the country’s huge pet industry.The industry overall generates sales of around $17 billion per year and is expected to grow by 20 percent annually, it said in a report last year.“Millennials are becoming the main customers with their consumer power growing,” it said.Zhang Jiequn, a psychologist at Shanghai’s Huada Institute of Applied Psychology, said that for many Chinese, pet ownership “is a kind of escape from interpersonal relationships.”“The pet becomes a projection of the opposite sex for some people who do not find a partner,” she told AFP. Dog ownership rates have grown along with China’s fast-expanding middle class. A 2015 survey cited by the state-run China Daily said there were at least 100 million registered pets in China, with dogs making up the vast majority, and that pet ownership was growing by 10 percent annually. Shanghai — which has 24 million people — also has an estimated pet dog population of up to one million.The high rate of dog ownership prompted the city in 2011 to impose a “one-dog policy” — limiting owners to a single canine — to curb noisy barking, waste on sidewalks and dog attacks.








March 30 (UPI) — Katie Holmes says daughter Suri was “hurt” when Hillary Clinton lost the election in November.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe 38-year-old actress said Tuesday in an interview with Jenna Bush Hager on SiriusXM that Suri, her 10-year-old daughter with ex-husband Tom Cruise, was upset when Donald Trump beat Clinton in the 2016 presidential race.“I thought Hillary was going to win this year, and it just hurt so badly when she didn’t. And I know it hurt my child so much as a 10-year-old,” Holmes told Hager. “It really made me think we have a long way to go as women.”“We have to raise our girls to be very strong, not just for themselves, but to open the doors for other people,” she said. “As hard as we think we have it, there are so many women in the world who have it so much harder. We need to really be strong and help them and help each other.”Holmes brought Suri to meet Clinton and her daughter, Chelsea Clinton, at a fundraiser for the future presidential candidate in December 2015. She told People in October that she and Suri were watching the debates together.“It’s wonderful to have my 10-year-old see a woman up there doing well and being very clear and thoughtful in her responses and in her passion for what she wants to do for our country,” the star said. “That’s so powerful for a 10-year-old girl to see.”Holmes split from Cruise in 2012 after five years of marriage, and has since been linked to actor Jaime Foxx. Fans marveled at Holmes’ resemblance to Suri after the actress posted a new photo of her lookalike daughter last week.








The International Classification of Diseases, published by the World Health Organization, would define “Gaming Disorder” as a “persistent or recurrent gaming behaviour (i.e., ‘digital gaming’ or ‘video-gaming’) characterised by an impaired control over gaming, increasing priority given to gaming over other activities to the extent that gaming takes precedence over other interests and daily activities and continuation of gaming despite the occurrence of negative consequences.” In other words, a lack of self-control regarding video games is being legitimized as a specific mental illness.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThis isn’t anything new. According to comment provided to Breitbart Tech by Dr. Christopher J. Ferguson of the Department of Psychology at Stetson University, “scholars have been investigating the concept of ‘video game addiction’ for probably over 2 decades now.” Despite all efforts, Dr. Ferguson points out that we still lack “any real clarity” about “how to define the concept, assess it, or whether it even is a ‘real’ thing in the sense of it being unique to video games.”But that hasn’t stopped anyone from trying. According to Dr. Ferguson:Despite [the lack of clarity] we’ve seen some pushes to institutionalize video game addiction as “internet gaming disorder” in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (published by the American Psychiatric Association) and, now as “gaming disorder” in the International [Classification] of Diseases (published by the World Health Organization.)The concerns among some scholars are manifest.  It’s not clear why video games are being singled out as compared to many other behaviors that can become addictive (sex, food, work, exercise, etc.)That’s why Ferguson and a number of his colleagues have published an open letter to the WHO regarding this classification:Concerns about problematic gaming behaviors deserve our full attention. However, we claim that it is far from clear that these problems can or should be attributed to a new disorder. The empirical basis for a Gaming Disorder proposal, such as in the new ICD-11, suffers from fundamental issues. Our main concerns are the low quality of the research base, the fact that the current operationalization leans too heavily on substance use and gambling criteria, and the lack of consensus on symptomatology and assessment of problematic gaming.And this isn’t a simple matter of semantics. The ramifications of haphazardly diagnosing people with a mental illness are enormous:The act of formalizing this disorder, even as a proposal, has negative medical, scientific, public-health, societal, and human rights fallout that should be considered. Of particular concern are moral panics around the harm of video gaming. They might result in premature application of diagnosis in the medical community and the treatment of abundant false-positive cases, especially for children and adolescents. Second, research will be locked into a confirmatory approach, rather than an exploration of the boundaries of normal versus pathological. Third, the healthy majority of gamers will be affected negatively.In addition to public panic, premature diagnoses, and the tendency to approach further study with the assumption that the disorder is real — the bias of the aforementioned “confirmatory approach” — there are even more serious issues at hand. First, that “the premature inclusion of Gaming Disorder as a diagnosis in ICD-11 will cause significant stigma to the millions of children who play video games as a part of a normal, healthy life.”The most serious implications of this study, Dr. Ferguson points out, are that the classification could very easily “end up as an excuse to put some kids in harsh ‘treatment’ camps or perhaps be used as an excuse for media regulation/censorship,” especially in “non-Democratic countries.”That conclusion might be seen as mere conjecture if not for correspondence between Dr. Ferguson and Drs. Geoffrey Reed and Vladimir Poznyak, both involved in the drafting of ICD-11, specifically noting “enormous pressure, especially from Asian countries” and “strong request from [WHO] stakeholders” to include this definition of Gaming Disorder.Drs. Reed and Poznyak did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Breitbart Tech.The classification could have negative effects across the world, especially where labels of mental illness could rob someone of their rights. Imagine if having Angry Birds installed on your smartphone was enough of an excuse to mandate attendance at a “treatment camp,” and you’re starting to get an idea of how this could go very wrong, very quickly.But even aside from all of that, Dr. Ferguson argues the science just doesn’t back up the WHO’s conclusion:Many of the “symptoms” proposed (particularly for the DSM version) are kind of normal stuff that many studies suggest aren’t really good predictors of problems. There’s also data suggesting the whole concept of “video game addiction” isn’t really stable and tends to go away by itself over time without treatment.The concern lies in the history of using classifications of mental illness as a weapon against groups and individuals by countries’ governments. Over 6,000 people in China — most of them teenagers — have been treated with actual electroshock therapy just because they were thought to have used the Internet too much. China also has a long history of committing whistleblowers and other dissidents to psychiatric “care” for the crime of disagreement. The subject is extensively covered in the 2002 book Dangerous Minds: Political Psychiatry in China Today and Its Origins in the Mao Era, published by Human Rights Watch.Richard J. Bonnie’s paper “Political Abuse of Psychiatry in the Soviet Union and in China: Complexities and Controversies,” published in The Journal of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law in 2002, also paints a picture of just how convenient it can be for the powerful to leverage psychological diagnoses in order to silence those who disagree. He explains that such practices are “uniformly understood to be a particularly pernicious form of repression,” citing examples in which “psychatric diagnosis was essentially an exercise of social power.” By way of example, Bonnie explains:Under applicable laws of Russia and the other former Soviet Republics, a person charged with a crime could be subjected to “custodial measures of a medical nature” if the criminal act was proved and the person was found “nonimputable” due to mental illness.7 Nonimputable offenders could be placed in maximum security hospitals (the notorious “special hospitals”) or in ordinary hospitals, depending on their social dangerousness. All the persons interviewed by the delegation had been found nonimputable and socially dangerous and confined in special hospitals after criminal proceedings that deviated substantially from the general requirements specified in Soviet law. Typically, the patients reported that they had been arrested, taken to jail, taken to a hospital for forensic examination, and then taken to another hospital under a compulsory treatment order, without ever seeing an attorney or appearing in
court.The delegation found that there was no clinical basis for the judicial finding of nonimputability in 17 of these cases. In fact, the delegation found no evidence of mental disorder of any kind in 14 cases. It is likely that these individuals are representative of many hundreds of others who were found nonimputable for crimes of political or religious dissent in
the Soviet Union, mainly between 1970 and 1990.And with regard to China:Munro’s research indicates, convincingly in my view, that the Soviet system of forensic psychiatry was transplanted to China during the 1950s and 1960s, thereby placing a small subset of psychiatrists at the intersection of criminal prosecution and psychiatric confinement, and importing a smoothly oiled process by which psychiatrists found that most offenders referred for assessment lacked criminal responsibility and committed them for treatment without any adjudication or judicial oversight. Eventually, in the 1980s, China also established a system of maximum-security forensic hospitals (Ankang), modeled after the Soviet “special hospitals,” for confining offenders who present a “social danger.”But lest you think that more open societies are immune to this insidious form of manipulation, consider our own messy history of psychiatric abuse. In 2010, a police officer was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for attempting to reveal what he said was the truth about falsified crime rate statistics. He was eventually paid $600,000 in a settlement by the City of New York after filing a $50 million human rights violation suit. Our foster care system stuffs victimized children full of psychotropic drugs in a thinly veiled attempted to make them easier to handle. Schizophrenia was allegedly used to deliberately hamper the rise of civil rights. Barry Goldwater was publicly crucified for his conservative views by a team of psychiatrists who disagreed with him politically; the Goldwater Rule still exists because attacking someone’s mental fitness is such a potent weapon.In supporting diagnoses that are nebulous and unproven, the World Health Organization is giving its tacit approval of an arguably unscientific diagnosis with endless potential for abuse around the world. At best, it could be an easy platform upon which to medicate individuals instead of identifying actual behavioral issues. At worst, it could be one more tool — easily applied to just about any connected citizen — for silencing the inconvenient.Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter.
Medicine, National Security, Tech, Gaming Disorder, mental illness, video games, World Health Organization








In a Friday blog post titled “Rethinking Our Default Profile Photo,” Twitter explained how they settled on the placeholder image for new users.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“For the past seven years, everyone who has created an account on Twitter starts out with their default profile photo as an egg,” Twitter declared. “This was a playful way to reference how eggs hatch into birds that send all the Tweets you see on Twitter! But now it’s time for something new – something that encourages people to upload their own photos for more personal expression. So today, we’re introducing a new default profile photo.”“After deciding on a figure, we began our refinements. We had to determine how to bring inclusivity into our single default profile photo, given that we don’t require people to specify their gender on Twitter,” the company explained. “We felt that the circle of the head in the figure still seemed masculine, even though it technically had no design characteristics to indicate that it was a man. So for inspiration, we looked at how women are portrayed in generic, wayfinding iconography, such as bathroom signs, and noticed that the only difference between the sexes is the shape of their clothing.”“Regardless, people have come to associate the circle head with masculinity, and because of this association, we felt that it was important to explore alternate head shapes,” they concluded. “We reviewed many variations of our figure, altering both the head and shoulders to feel more inclusive to all genders. When the shoulders were wider, the image felt overly masculine, so we decreased the width of the shoulders and adjusted the height of the figure. As a result of these iterations, we ended with a more gender-balanced figure.”In the post, Twitter also claimed that they made the new default picture use a gray palette “to make this image accessible for those with visual impairments.”Several users mocked the announcement, including author and conservative activist Mike Cernovich.“This reads like a bad satire of corporate culture,” Cernovich declared. “It’s real, Twitter is not changing course, it’s getting worse.”This reads like a bad satire of corporate culture, it's real, Twitter is not changing course, it's getting worse. https://t.co/fKBsQQsvAY— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) March 31, 2017Others pointed out the absurdity of Twitter focusing its attention of changing the default profile picture when there are larger issues that have sill not been addressed.It’s not a joke https://t.co/OTsODym84s pic.twitter.com/roau719XQm— Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 31, 2017Read the excruciating torture Twitter encountered when they realized their default avatar looked too "masculine". https://t.co/68uYW2tAXh— Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) March 31, 2017This tells you everything you need to know about who runs Twitter and why EVERYTHING is now filtered through the lens of social justice.— Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) March 31, 2017Twitter has human trafficking, terror networks operating on here, but they're focused on what's truly importanthttps://t.co/1XarwZVu7V— William Craddick (@williamcraddick) March 31, 2017Twitter says egg avatars were being associated w/harassment. Instead of working on harassment, they changed the avi.https://t.co/fj0qOX4jdI pic.twitter.com/Ddjh00m4vO— Jill Pantozzi ♿ (@JillPantozzi) March 31, 2017Good to see that @twitter is focused on what matters — 😂😂😂 https://t.co/9WrUELlFQC— jason (@Jason) March 31, 2017Fitting: @Twitter’s new default profile icon is the top view of a toilet. https://t.co/xlqAAUvm5P pic.twitter.com/tBZgfIc68Z— David Brauer (@dbrauer) March 31, 2017The new default profile picture has already been rolled out, with both new and current users who have yet to add their own custom photo receiving the gray head replacement.Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.Social Justice, Tech, Weird News, SJWs, Twitter








Attempting to view the account, which had nearly 70,000 followers, will return users with a suspension notice, puzzling fans on the platform as to why he was removed.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“This is my only post that was out of the ordinary yesterday,” claimed Ben in an email to Breitbart Tech, citing a tweet he had posted sarcastically declaring, “I’m Muslim now.”Pizza Party Ben has previously written for Breitbart News.Several Twitter users both protested and mourned Ben’s suspension on Friday, with many pointing to the account as simply the next victim of the platform’s unusually-high suspension rate for conservatives, libertarians, and free speech activists.Good morning to everyone except whoever suspended this patriot pic.twitter.com/82E83Mv3iw— Breitbart News (@BreitbartNews) March 31, 2017Come back @PizzaPartyBen! pic.twitter.com/RNwEv2vmBG— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) March 31, 2017Our President can get @PizzaPartyBen's Twitter account restored. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS -> #FreePPB, a loyal subject, an innocent jokester.— MILO Magazine (@MiloWear1A) March 31, 2017.@PizzaPartyBen did nothing wrong #FreePizzaPartyBen #FreePPB pic.twitter.com/PwADN21WdG— David Hirst (@d_hirsty) March 31, 2017@Jack banned @PizzaPartyBen because Ben became a Muslim l! You're a bigot, Jack!— DJ ALASKANBASED3X (@AlaskanBased) March 31, 2017ICE finally got him. @PizzaPartyBen— Mitch (@kitchmamps) March 31, 2017PizzaPartyBen suspended pic.twitter.com/Tiba8CMqLX— Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) March 31, 2017Today we are all @PizzaPartyBen pic.twitter.com/6e4r9bA6pN— Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) March 31, 2017The Republic of Kekistan demands freedom for the POW @PizzaPartyBen— Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) March 31, 2017Pay respects to @PizzaPartyBen , fallen veteran of the Great Meme War. #kek #Kekistan #MAGA #PizzaPartyBen #FreeBen pic.twitter.com/UoLnBZOFg9— Dan 🇺🇸 (@DanSlovakdijock) March 31, 2017.@PizzaPartyBen converts to Islam, gets a lifetime ban hours later.Coincidence? I think not! pic.twitter.com/eh4zNgQMEX— The Swog Blog (@TheSwogBlog) March 31, 2017“Twitter suspending @PizzaPartyBen for literally no reason is almost as sad as site owned by Saudi Arabia claiming to promote free speech,” posted one account.Twitter suspending @PizzaPartyBen for literally no reason is almost as sad as site owned by Saudi Arabia claiming to promote free speech.— God Emperor Trump (@realGETrump) March 31, 2017“Why are pedophiles on here but you suspend my friend?” asked another user, tagging Twitter CEO and left-wing activist Jack Dorsey in the post.I want my @PizzaPartyBen back!!! @jack @Twitter why did you suspend him? Why are pedophiles on here but you suspend my friend?— Saltwater ❤️ P (@SWFLBeachBabe) March 31, 2017Pizza Party Ben joins a long list of prominent conservatives and libertarians who have been suspended on Twitter, including Milo Yiannopoulos, rapper Azealia Banks, pharmaceutical entrepreneur Martin Shkreli, DNC hacker Guccifer 2.0, a Saudi women’s rights group, a game developer who criticized Islam, another game developer who called for mosque surveillance, a conservative lawyer, and even Twitter’s free speech-based competitor, Gab.Breitbart Tech reached out Twitter regarding the suspension but have yet to receive a response.Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.Tech, Censorship, Pizza Party Ben, Social Media, Twitter








The Dave Meyers and the Little Homies-directed music video begins with Lamar rapping about making money as we see him lying on top of a pile of cash next to half-naked women putting dollar bills into money-counting machines.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe camera constantly cuts in and out of that scene and one in which Lamar is seen wearing a bishop’s robes, standing in the middle of a dark building.Then come the song’s chorus, “Hol’ up, bitch, sit down. Hol’ up lil’ bitch, hol’ up lil’ bitch. Be humble,” as the Grammy-winner sends a golf ball flying from atop a car parked in the middle of a massive storm drain.The chorus continues to echo as the camera pans to show Lamar sitting at a table surrounded by what appear to be his apostles in an apparent rendering of the Last Supper.Lamar’s head is on fire in the next few scenes, as the rapper name drops former President Barack Obama.“This shit way too crazy, ayy, you do not amaze me, ayy. I blew cool from AC, ayy, Obama just paged me, ayy,” he raps.Obama and the “King Kunta” rapper have history, as Lamar was a frequent guest at the Obama White House.“Humble” is the second song in as many weeks from Lamar. Last week’s “The Heart Part 4” trashed President Donald Trump as a “chump.”“Donald Trump is a chump, know how we feel, punk. Tell ’em that God comin’. And Russia need a replay button, y’all up to somethin’,” Lamar raps on the political track. “Electoral votes look like memorial votes. But America’s truth ain’t ignorin’ the votes.” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudsonBig Hollywood, Donald Trump, humble, Jesus, Kendrick Lamar, Last Supper, Obama








In this week’s exclusive clip for Breitbart News, Jackie weighs in on the GOP’s failed healthcare bill, explaining that Republicans in Washington were focused on “repealing and replacing” the wrong thing.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“When they were talking about ‘repeal and replace,’ they were stupid,” Jackie says. “They were talking about healthcare, they should have been talking about [House Speaker Paul] Ryan. If Ryan was repealed and replaced we would have had no problem today.”Jackie — who was born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, in Ryan’s home state  — says he finds it odd that a Speaker of the House who is supposed to be some kind of “genius” can’t count correctly.“You know what Ryan should do if he wanted to save this whole country? Get another job,” he says. “Find out something that you actually know. If there’s nothing like that, sit in the House and don’t bother anybody. Mind your own business, you’ll save the country.”Meanwhile, Jackie says the old Republican excuse about not being able to get things done until they control all the branches of government is getting stale, and quickly.Watch Jackie’s latest clip above, and find the rest of his weekly clips for Breitbart News here. Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaumBig Hollywood, Breitbart TV, Jackie Mason, Paul Ryan, RyanCare, The Voice of Reason








The Office star’s joke reportedly prompted a grieving couple who had just lost a child to walk out of the show.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“I just think, ‘Why? What is the need?” Suzi Gourley, the grieving mother who bolted Gervais’ show, told Belfast Live. “This is our life, we have no choice but to live with this.”“I know people take things differently and I know our emotions are raw, but why joke about a baby being dead? It’s just wrong,” Gourley continued. “Some people might read this and think we’re over sensitive and maybe we are – but it’s just not funny.”In response to the growing controversy, an unapologetic Gervais hopped on social media Thursday to defend his material."Is there any subject you shouldn't joke about?" is no less ridiculous a question than "Is there any subject you shouldn't talk about?"— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) March 30, 2017In a series of tweets, the comedian said making jokes “about bad things” doesn’t mean he supports those things.Offence often occurs when people mistake the subject of a joke with the actual target. They're not always the same.— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) March 30, 2017Discuss. pic.twitter.com/8DjwSiMxVX— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) March 30, 2017Jokes about "bad things" don't have to necessarily be pro those bad things. Surely, a joke that's anti bad things is a good thing, no?— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) March 30, 2017Basically, offence is about feelings, and feelings are personal. People simply don't like being reminded of bad things.— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) March 30, 2017Injecting some levity into his response, Gervais wrote “All jokes should be banned in case anyone is offended. Discuss.” To which he followed up with, “I wish I had a pound for every time I offended someone. Wait, I do.”All jokes should be banned in case anyone is offended. Discuss.— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) March 30, 2017I wish I had a pound for every time I offended someone. Wait, I do.— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) March 30, 2017Gervais sent one last message cautioning audiences of the controversial material his standup comedy involves.“Warning: My stand up mentions AIDS, cancer, Paedophilia, famine, race, terrorism, rape, murder, drugs, death and even food allergies,” he wrote.Warning: My stand up mentions AIDS, cancer, Paedophilia, famine, race, terrorism, rape, murder, drugs, death and even food allergies.— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) March 30, 2017The Waterfront Hall, where Gervais’ Humanity tour Belfast show was played issued a statement, according to Sky News: “Unfortunately we have no control at all over the material artists choose to use on stage, but we do of course appreciate this particular theme will have caused distress.”Gervais has a history of sticking up for non-politically correct jokes. In January of last year, the comedian defended jokes he made about Caitlyn Jenner at the Golden Globes after critics labeled him “transphobic.” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudsonBig Hollywood, Belfast, Comedy, Dead Baby, free speech, Ricky Gervais








The “House Freedom Caucus members held the line, and the data show that is precisely what their constituents wanted,” he wrote in a report, titled “Analytics shows HFC saved GOP on Health Care.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEROn Thursday, Texas GOP Rep. Louie Gohmert predicted any approval of Ryan’s healthcare overhaul would wreck the GOP’s House majority in 2018. “This bill is going to ultimately result in Republicans losing the majority … [and] If we pass a bill that doesn’t bring down premiums and give the American people hope, and not give more power to the government … then we will deserve to be voted out,” he said in a speech on the House floor, according to TheHill.  “While full repeal and replace of Obamacare has overwhelming support in these districts, even keeping Obamacare intact was more popular than the AHCA, often by more than a two-to-one margin,” said Wilson, who managed Sen. Ted Cruz’s voter analysis and tracking efforts in 2016. The same analysis was applied to 2018 Senate races and concluded that “the House Freedom Caucus did … Republicans’ hopes of expanding their Senate majority, a great service in stopping the [Ryancare] bill before it made it across the Capitol,” Wilson wrote.But Wilson’s analysis also shows strong public support for an alternative repeal-and-replace “plan that allows for the sale of insurance across state lines, expands Health Savings Accounts, incentivizes states to create high-risk pools, block grants Medicaid, and is portable so it can be taken from job to job.”Wilson’s analysis is based a huge national survey, which allows his group to understand the preference of each population subgroup. For example, voters are asked three questions about each issue, he said. Typically, one question is skewed from a left-wing perspective, one question is skewed from the right, and the third question is intended to be unbiased, he said.In turn, the team then used three voter-response models to predict preferences among each politicians’ particular subgroups of voters. In this survey, the models were used to gauge each district’s’ voters preference for three healthcare options — continuing Obamacare, establishing Ryan’s “Ryancare” replacement, and the third option, “Repeal and replace.”Subsequently, the analysts spend much time check and rechecking the accuracy of the voter-response models in each district, he said, adding “you’ve got to spend time double-checking,”Politicians are increasingly using this style of voter analysis to understand their constituents, amid constant pressure from lobbyists and donors, he said. In the healthcare analysis, Wilson said he didn’t try to gauge why the voters approved or rejected each of the three policy options. “I don’t have the ability to discern or divine the reason why the voters answered as they did… that’s the next stage” of development, he added. Big Government, Obamacare, 2018 election, Paul Ryan, RyanCare








Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reacted to President Donald Trump’s tweets aimed at the House Freedom Caucus, which is considered by many to be what kept the American Health Care Act, House GOP leadership’s effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, from passing the House.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERIf @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 30, 2017Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 30, 2017Limbaugh mentioned a Politico story describing the House Freedom Caucus leadership as “ringleaders” before saying there was a better way to handle the House Freedom Caucus than calling them out on Twitter.“Now, to this health care business. As I mentioned earlier today, the president has doubled down on the Freedom Caucus, the 30 or so members of the conservative members of the House of Representatives, The Politico and such others in their headline are referring to the three Freedom Caucus leaders as the ringleaders, Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan, Raul Labrador. The ringleaders? What do you associate ringleaders with? Ringleaders — crime, gangs,” he said. “Exactly right. Bank robbers. The ringleaders of the group were hiding in the getaway car parked one block down the street.”“So now these guys are being characterized as ringleaders of some gang, some out-of-control gang in the House, and Trump has doubled down on it,” Limbaugh continued. “Look, folks, calling them out like this, I know it’s Trump’s technique; I know it’s Trump’s method. But there’s a better way of doing this. These guys are not the enemy. The Democrats are the enemy. The Freedom Caucus has actually made a pretty big move here.”Limbaugh went on to cite a Washington Examiner editorial calling the Freedom Caucus’ conditions reasonable and urging the White House, House Speaker Paul Ryan and congressional GOP centrists to accept those conditions.“That’s the problem with the first effort: It didn’t kill the law,” Limbaugh said. “It sustained much of it and then put in the hands of the secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price, the responsibility of removing a bunch of things from it. And the Freedom Caucus said, ‘We’re not really getting rid of it, if we’re just letting the secretary remove it and nothing else happens, then the next time the Democrats win they can put those things back in. We need to take them out by statute.'”“But it’s clear that the objective here was to get a win,” he added. “The objective was to really knock it out of the park in the first two months, fulfill a campaign promise, say that Obamacare had been repealed and the replace effort was underway, first phase of three. But the ringleaders of the Conservative Caucus were suspicious that this was not gonna end Obamacare, and they had campaigned promising to do so.”Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poorBreitbart TV, Obamacare, freedom caucus, obamacare, Rush Limbaugh








Friday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” NBC’s “Meet the Press” moderator Chuck Todd said President Donald Trump must accept “the fact” that Russia interfered in this election or he will be “on the brink of becoming a temporary lame duck presidency.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERTodd said, “You have a presidency right now that I think is, it’s beyond saying it’s in crisis mode, it’s, you know, it’s on the brink, the question is on the brink of what? Is it on the brink of collapse? Is it on the brink of becoming a temporary lame duck presidency? Maybe it feels lame-duckish temporarily right now. You’ve got a stalled agenda. Republicans who have no fear of this president right now. They don’t think there’s a political penalty to buck him. Obviously, the Russia cloud darkens all of the time, and all of these problems right now that they’re dealing with front and center are self-inflicted by one person, the president of the United States who could not help himself with a tweet on this wiretapping nonsense.”“That essentially helped unravel ten days of all things Russia in their part of this story,” he continued. “Then throw in the fact that he has decided to drive a wedge in his own party by going after the Freedom Caucus. Okay, but he also attacking Democrats at the same time. He has to go find a dance partner and he is alienating both of his potential dance partners on that front. On the normal political scale, he has problems. Throw in the fact that you have a president that cannot accept the fact that Russia interfered in this election. Until he accepts that fact, it will plague him. The world must be panicked that if he is tested right now by a Putin in the Baltics, by North Korea, is the United States prepared to lead in a crisis right now for the world?”(h/t RCP Video)Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBreitbart TV, Chuck Todd, Donald Trump








WikiLeaks released the “Marble Framework” leak today on their website, describing Marble as a tool used to “hamper forensic investigators and anti-virus companies from attributing viruses, trojans and hacking attacks to the CIA.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“Marble does this by hiding (‘obfuscating’) text fragments used in CIA malware from visual inspection,” WikiLeaks claims. “This is the digital equivalent of a specialized CIA tool to place covers over the english language text on U.S. produced weapons systems before giving them to insurgents secretly backed by the CIA.”Marble is reportedly an obfuscation tool that is not used as a cyber attack itself but to hide and cover up previous attacks. WikiLeaks claims it is part of the CIA’s anti-forensics approach and the CIA’s core library of cyber attacks and viruses, “Designed to allow for flexible and easy-to-use obfuscation” as “string obfuscation algorithms (especially those that are unique) are often used to link malware to a specific developer or development shop.”The source code also reportedly contains a deobfuscator used to reverse CIA text obfuscation. WikiLeaks believes that with the framework now made public, forensic investigators should be able to notice patterns and signatures which can be followed to attribute previous cyber attacks and viruses to the CIA.WikiLeaks also believes that Marble could be used to attribute cyber attacks to multiple countries due to evidence of Marble test examples in English, Chinese, Russian, Korean, Arabic, and Farsi. WikiLeaks states, “This would permit a forensic attribution double game, for example by pretending that the spoken language of the malware creator was not American English, but Chinese, but then showing attempts to conceal the use of Chinese, drawing forensic investigators even more strongly to the wrong conclusion, — but there are other possibilities, such as hiding fake error messages.”Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart.comNational Security, Tech, WikiLeaks, CIA, Julian Assange, Vault 7, WikiLeaks








Mann used often to claim that he was a Nobel Prizewinner – till someone unhelpfully pointed out that he was but one of hundreds of scientists who contributed to Assessment Reports by the IPCC (which did win the Nobel Prize in 2007)SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThis week the bald-pated shyster was up to his old tricks again, telling a string of porkie pies at a climate science hearing of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology.Given how litigious the mendacious, bloviating poltroon can be – he’s currently engaged in at least two defamation suits: one against Tim Ball, the other against Mark Steyn – I obviously have to tread very carefully here.So I’d just like to say, as delicately and politely as I can to the Distinguished Professor of Atmospheric Science at Penn State University:“Liar, liar. Your pants on fire.”Here’s the evidence:Porkie Number OneMann told the Congressional hearing he had no association or affiliation with the Climate Accountability Institute (one of the numerous ad hoc organisations formed in order to give the harassment of climate sceptics an air of scientific credibility).Yet according to his CV he sits on the Climate Accountability Institute’s advisory board and has done since 2014.Porkie Number TwoMann denied having called his fellow climate scientist and special witness, former Georgia Tech Judith Curry, a “denier”.“A number of statements have been attributed to me. I don’t believe I’ve called anybody a denier,” he solemnly told the hearing.To which Judith Curry, sitting next to him, replied: “It’s in your written testimony. Go read it again.”You can watch the moment where Curry smacks him down below:Mann then proceeded indignantly to quibble that though he might have called Curry a “climate science denier” he hadn’t called her a “climate change denier”. [As if there’s any meaningful distinction between the two slurs]. But this claim – as Stephen McIntyre notes – was also a lie.confronted with written evidence that he called Curry “climate science denier”, Mann said he hadnt called her “climate CHANGE denier”. #FAKE pic.twitter.com/RfkPEu0lO9— Stephen McIntyre (@ClimateAudit) March 29, 2017Porkie Number ThreeMann – busily trying to develop the case that climate scientists like himself are the innocent victims of vicious slurs – was asked whether he’d ever dismissed another of the expert witnesses on the panel, Roger Pielke Jr with the phrase “carnival barker”“You’d have to provide me with the context. I don’t remember everything I have said or done,” said Mann.Here’s one example:Mann said that he didn’t remember calling @RogerPielkeJr a “carnival barker”. But https://t.co/VTWr4eanrm pic.twitter.com/Ng3BGgVNiV— Stephen McIntyre (@ClimateAudit) March 29, 2017And here’s Mann again using the insult – clearly a personal favourite – on Judith Curry:Mann also called @curryja a “carnival barker” pic.twitter.com/hmDCRVb02c— Stephen McIntyre (@ClimateAudit) March 29, 2017Porkie Number FourMann, in yet another bid to present himself as a persecuted martyr of anti-science Republicans, claimed that Joe Barton – the Chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee – had demanded all his “personal emails and correspondence with other scientists.”This, again, was a lie.Barton had asked for Mann’s funding sources – which Mann, in his congressional testimony, said was fair game – but not for his personal emails.Here, once again, Steve McIntyre has the evidence.Mann: #fake claim tht Barton demanded “all of my personal emails and correspondence”. Barton: funding info,which Mann said “fair game” pic.twitter.com/5R8JBde3fb— Stephen McIntyre (@ClimateAudit) March 29, 2017Michael Mann claims to be an expert on climate change and is frequently called on by official panels like this Congressional committee to speak on behalf of the scientific establishment.Is there anyone who still takes this guy seriously?Big Government, Breitbart London, Climate Change, Congressional hearing, denier, Global Warming, Hockey Stick, House Committee on Science Space And Technology, Joe Barton, judith curry, Michael Mann, Penn State








According to a release by the non-profit organization Open the Books, which seeks to increase government transparency by releasing documents revealing government spending, the eight Ivy League schools received $41 billion between the fiscal years of 2010 and 2015.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERSome are arguing that the spending is particularly concerning considering that the eight Ivy League schools have excessively large endowments. In addition, universities pay no tax on investments gains on their endowments.Spokespeople for the various Ivy League institutions defended the state funding.“Since 2000, over 50 startups based on Yale inventions and located in New Haven have attracted over $5 billion in investment to New Haven and surrounding towns,” Tom Conroy, a Yale spokesman, said. “Alexion, which employs 1,200 people in New Haven, is a prime example of Yale’s impact.”A statement from Princeton University attempted to justify the funding by explaining that it finances libraries, laboratories, classrooms, research and financial aid.Lawrence Reed, the President of the Foundation for Economic Education, shared the report on his Facebook page, asking “I wonder how that might have affected their ideological diversity?”Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about education and social justice for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.comEducation, Social Justice, Tech








“Judge Gorsuch is incredibly qualified, he has a sterling record, he was confirmed unanimously to the Court of Appeals,” the President said, making his case to the nation as a showdown over Senate cloture rules draws closer. “Judge Gorsuch’s nomination is about more than his incredible qualifications. It’s about preserving our republic,” he continued.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe Senate fight over confirming Gorsuch has reached a fever-pitch over the last week, with the two parties running out of room for compromise. As the Trump Administration and Senate Republicans have signaled their willingness to confirm Gorsuch by any means necessary, increasing numbers of Democrats have insisted they will filibuster any attempt to allow an up-or-down vote on the nominee, making it ever more likely Republicans will move to change Senate rules to allow a simple majority to close debate on Supreme Court nominees.Democrats, who under current rules need only forty-one votes to block a vote on Gorsuch, themselves used the “constitutional option” to allow simple majority confirmations for non-Supreme Court nominees in 2013. Four more Senate Democrats, Sen. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL), Sen. Brian Schatz (D-HI), Sen. Catherine Cortez-Masto (D-NV), and Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO), confirmed Friday they will move to filibuster and force the constitutional option.Senate Democrats are finding themselves under immense pressure to close ranks for this unprecedented filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee, first called for by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) last week. Friday, CREDO, a left-wing “super-PAC,” and a bevy of other progressive activist groups put their names to a letter to be delivered to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee demanding any Democratic Senator who fails to join the filibuster against Gorsuch be stripped of all funding from the national Democratic Party apparatus. “Democrats who refuse to defend the Supreme Court from Donald Trump’s racist, fascist agenda should not receive support for their re-election,” CREDO told supporters on its website.Only nine Democratic and independent Senators remain who have yet to announce their intentions on the Gorsuch Confirmation, by Breitbart New’s count. In order to confirm Gorsuch without changing traditional Senate rules, six of these would need to join the chamber’s fifty-two Republicans and Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND), Democrats who have expressed their support for Gorsuch.Republicans have responded with more open insistence that they will do whatever it takes to confirm Gorsuch. Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX), in a CNN op-ed urging his Democratic colleagues to reconsider their filibuster, was unequivocal. “Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed as the next Supreme Court justice. The question is whether Democrats will give him the up-or-down vote he deserves,” he wrote.Even Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), who had as recently as Thursday held out hope a compromise might be reached to preserve the Senate’s traditional cloture rules, walked back from reports of a “deal” Friday. “I’ve had conversations with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. That’s all. There’s no gang. There’s no negotiations. Just having some conversations. No deal. No negotiations,” he told the Daily Caller.Gorsuch’s confirmation vote is now set for April 7.Big Government, Brian Schatz, CREDO, Donald Trump, Judge Neil Gorsuch, Sen. Catherine Cortez-Masto, Sen. John Cornyn, Sen. John McCain (R.-Ariz.), Sen.Tammy Duckworth








The survey showed that 93 percent of manufacturers had a positive outlook of the future of their industry up from 56 percent in the previous year. The survey includes 13,000 manufacturing members of the association,SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe news marked a 20-year record high for the survey, prompting Trump to claim a “new surge of optimism” for more jobs in the United States, thanks to many of his policies.Jay Timmons, of the National Association of Manufacturers, said that the optimism centered on Trump’s focus on lowering taxes, cutting regulations, and investing in infrastructure. The survey also showed a jump from 26 percent of members saying that the country was on the right track before the inauguration to over 60 percent in the new survey.“We appreciate your committment to investment and job creation in manufacturing and we’re going to deliver,” Timmons said.Several leaders of American manufacturers joined Trump for the event, highlighting the jobs they had created in the United States.“We’re removing job-killing regulations and lifting the burdens on American industry, like I would say have never been lifted before,” Trump said.He noted that a lot of manufacturing jobs had been moved to places like Mexico and China. Trump previewed his upcoming meeting with the President of China at his estate in Mar-a-lago.“It’s going to be something, I think, very important, very special, I look very much forward to meeting him and the delegation and we’ll see what happens,” he said.Big Government








Walsh was suspected of being a leaker, White House sources tell Breitbart News. They specifically say that a story first reported on Charles Johnson’s Got News weeks ago led to her ultimate demise. Walsh has been reassigned to an outside organization to support the Trump agenda, and White House senior officials presented the news on Thursday as a reassignment, not a termination.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERBut two sources with direct knowledge of these matters—one inside the White House and one outside—told Breitbart News on Thursday that it was Walsh’s suspected leaking that led to her removal.In fact, the Washington Post’s White House bureau chief Philip Rucker even reported that White House staff were calling Walsh a Priebus loyalist and “leaky vessel.”Inside White House, some officials saw Katie Walsh as "a leaky vessel," per source. Loyal to Priebus, but viewed suspiciously by others.— Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) March 30, 2017Now, there are four names—according to Bloomberg’s Jennifer Jacobs—being discussed as a replacement to Walsh in the deputy chief of staff position. Rick Dearborn, the deputy chief for legislative affairs right now who previously served as chief of staff to now-Attorney General, then-U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions, is the leading candidate for the position, White House sources say.But the other three names being considered, per Jacobs, bring serious levels of concern. One is another ex-Republican National Committee (RNC) Reince Priebus loyalist—Sean Cairncross—who a White House senior aide described to Breitbart News as absolutely being a leaker from inside the White House, just like Walsh. Cairncross, who served alongside Priebus in the senior-most levels of the RNC, has been systemically leaking information designed to help Priebus and hurt Priebus’s rivals inside the White House, a senior official tells Breitbart News. Senior administration officials have been aware of Cairncross’ leaking behavior, too, and have been watching him closely. An ex-RNC aide who served alongside Cairncross in Priebus’s old shop confirmed to Breitbart News, too, that Cairncross had a history of leaking information from the RNC, potentially at the direction of somebody higher than him. White House press secretary Sean Spicer has not responded to Breitbart News questions about Cairncross’s alleged leaking. NEW: 4 being considered to replace Katie Walsh as deputy chief of staff: Rick Dearborn, Marc Short, Sean Cairncross, Joe Hagin, I'm told.— Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) March 31, 2017As for Marc Short, a loyalist of Vice President Mike Pence and Joe Hagin, there are concerns as to whether he can perform the duties necessary in the position Walsh is vacating. Short currently runs White House operations and is described by Trump’s people as very capable at that job.If Dearborn gets the position, as he is expected to per multiple White House aides, then there is discussion of bringing in David Urban to fill the position Dearborn will be vacating to replace Walsh. Urban, an ex-chief of staff in the U.S. Senate to the late Arlen Specter, is a Trump loyalist who was crucial to his win in the state of Pennsylvania. “Dearborn and Urban getting these jobs would be a win for the home team,” a White House official told Breitbart News.Sources say both David Urban & Rick Dearborn among names being considered to replace Katie Walsh as WH Deputy Chief of Staff.— Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) March 31, 2017Having two former U.S. Senate chiefs of staff with deep experience and connections on Capitol Hill—who are actually loyal to the president and support implementation of his ideas and agenda, not the ideas and agenda of other anti-Trump Republicans—could patch up many of the organizational issues on the inside.NEW: Sources tell me WH considering David Urban to become Deputy Chief of Staff for Legislative Affairs to replace Rick Dearborn.— Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) March 31, 2017David Urban is #maga Trump loyalist https://t.co/MqfrZZS9Zl— Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 31, 2017Big Government, David Urban, Donald Trump, katie walsh, Reince Priebus, Rick Dearborn, Sean Cairncross








On Friday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” MSNBC Political Analyst and former Obama Press Secretary Josh Earnest stated that he thinks President Obama is “genuinely concerned” about the fact that “There’s a sense of a lot of action and movement in Washington, DC, but not a lot of movement forward.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEREarnest said of the former president, “I think that he’s genuinely concerned about — he’s somebody who was involved in public service because he wanted to see the country succeed, and he certainly viewed the White House and the federal government as an institution that could be used to advance the interest of the American public. There’s a sense of a lot of action and movement in Washington, DC, but not a lot of movement forward. And I think that’s a source of some concern, not just for the former president of the United States, but for Americans of both parties all across the country.”(h/t RCP Video)Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchettBreitbart TV, Obama, barack obama, josh earnest, President Obama








His two deputy national security advisers — K.T. McFarland (pictured above) and Dina Powell, and the person in charge of writing the national security strategy — Nadia Schadlow — are women.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERIt’s likely the first time that women have held those positions simultaneously — no insignificant fact in a field that’s still male-dominated.Together, McFarland, Powell and Schadlow bring different strengths to the table.McFarland is an experienced national security hand, starting at the NSC in 1970, as an 18-year-old college freshman.“At that time, there were maybe two women who were research assistants, but to be a professional expert on the national security council as a woman, in that era, at the very beginning of the baby boom, that just wasn’t going to be an option for women,” she said.“It wasn’t that we were discriminated against, it just wasn’t thought of.”It was a momentous time — Richard Nixon was president, Henry Kissinger was national security adviser. The issues were the Vietnam War, Paris Peace Accords, opening to China, arms control with the Soviet Union, Middle East shuttle diplomacy. McFarland started at the NSC as the nightshift secretary and left in 1976 as a research assistant.She later returned to government when Ronald Reagan became president, and was one of the highest ranking women at the Defense Department.Her experience served her well for her first challenge on the job: Building an NSC from scratch, particularly since her then-boss, Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, had never worked in the White House before.McFarland said she got the call from Trump on Thanksgiving night. Her first call was to her mentor, Kissinger. She then brought him and subsequent cabinet officials in to discuss their experiences.“Since President Trump did not come into office having a long experience in foreign policy and national security, had never been in government before, had never been in office before, I thought it made a lot of sense for us to start at the beginning and look … at former national security advisers,” she said.In the meantime, they were talking to Trump every day — he was already meeting and taking calls from foreign leaders.“It was a heady time, it was an exhausting time,” McFarland recalls.On January 20, she came into her new office. Her new desk was about 20 feet from where her first desk was, 47 years ago.She placed a call to Kissinger, so the dispatcher could say, “Henry Kissinger, the White House is calling.”“He was so moved and so touched,” she said.McFarland said the first thing Trump asked her to do is look at North Korea.She convened the deputies at the Departments of State, Defense, and Treasury, the Joint Chiefs, and from the intelligence community, and instructed them to come back in a few weeks with some ideas, and to “think outside the box.”“Don’t just think about a little bit of sanctions, a little bit of diplomacy. Open it wide, and think of any creative ideas you can and come back to us. And so they did. And what I was very impressed with was they had thought outside the box on a lot of things, and so we were able to craft some really good options for the president on how to deal with North Korea’s nuclear weapons program and that’s the process he’s in now,” she said.“We’ll do this for other issues as well — China, Russia, Venezuela, we’re going to look at the whole range of these issues for the president,” she added.McFarland calls terrorism “the challenge of our day.”She said while there were kamikaze attacks during World War II, today’s terrorists are targeting civilians, not military targets, and are “happy to die as long as they can bring others with them.”“If you look at the history of warfare, people always wanted to survive,” she said. “This is a threat we’ve never seen before.”Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell brings to the table 10 years of working on Wall Street and a “get it done” mindset. She first came into the Trump administration as an assistant to the president and senior counselor for economic initiatives.But it also made sense for Powell, an Egyptian-American who was born in Cairo, migrated to Texas when she was four, and worked in the former George W. Bush administration and Congress on defense issues, to expand her role to the foreign policy realm.Powell, who wants to stay out of the spotlight, is working closely with McFarland and Schadlow to help build out the national security strategy. She particularly believes in the economic empowerment of women, particularly in the Middle East.Coming from one male-dominated career field to another, she believes that talent will carry one through — whether it’s from a male or female.Still, she recognizes that it can be hard for women to be confident in areas where there might not be a lot of other women, and that sometimes there have to be role models to pave the way.Hers were former National Security Adviser and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, and former Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison (R-TX).Schadlow, in addition to experience in government as a presidential management fellow, brings to the table experience in thinking deeply about long-term national security planning.Her first assignment in government was at the Department of the Army, where she was first exposed to the military.She later became the Pentagon’s first desk officer for Ukraine after the fall of the Soviet Union, a job that is the equivalent of country director today.Wanting more career mobility, she left the government for the Smith-Richardson Foundation, where she researched emerging national security threats — which she said was great preparation for her current role.Her role models include Marin Strmecki, senior vice president at the Smith-Richardson Foundation, but also her mother, who migrated from Italy to give her three daughters more opportunity, and encouraged them to be independent.Supporting McFarland, Powell and Schadlow is another echelon of accomplished women, such as Victoria Coates, senior director for strategic assessments at the NSC.Coates (pictured right) is a protégé of Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), Gov. Rick Perry (R-TX) and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. She last served as Cruz’s senior national security adviser.She has a Ph.D. in art history, and recently published a book on the history of democracy.Her role models were her mother, who is a chief compliance officer at a large firm, and Rumsfeld. She also credits McFarland with being a great friend and mentor.A typical day for them involves lots and lots of meetings.McFarland said a typical day involves getting up at 5 a.m., getting into office by 7 a.m. and receiving an intelligence briefing of major developments. Some days, she has an additional briefing on specific topics.Around 10 a.m., she usually goes in to see the president with her now-boss Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, the CIA Director and other national security officials for the president’s daily briefing.“Then the rest of the day, I’m chairing meetings, I’m meeting with people on the NSC staff in the intelligence community, members of the White House staff, and then my day usually goes until seven or eight or nine o’clock at night,” she said.On one recent day, there were meetings ranging from Montenegro, Kurdish independence, to North Korea.The job is not particularly family friendly. The main obstacle? Classification issues.Much of the work can only be done in a secure environment inside the White House. That means mom has to live and work in Washington, D.C.McFarland’s five children are grown, but Powell, Schadlow and Coates all have young children who live at home outside of D.C.“You’re still not ever going to have it all — it’s impossible,” said Schadlow, who has three children.“I wished many times that I was a little more engaged with what my kids were learning in school, and I had the time to do a deep dive and just be part of that intellectual life that they’re experiencing, and in some ways I can’t do it day-to-day, especially now,” she said.She said while there are more services for working mothers these days, it’s still a challenge.“Of course there are tradeoffs. My house is always a wreck,” she laughs. “It’s real. It’s a constant balance.”Coates, who has a 15-year-old daughter and 13-year-old son, says it makes the time spent together more special.“I went to spring training with my son. We had 36 hours together… but they were 36 really good hours,” she said.Schadlow said as difficult as it is to be away from family, it can also be a luxury just to focus on work.“When you’re at home as a working mom, you’re constantly multitasking all day long, managing everyone’s schedules. A lot defaults to the mom, I think, still,” she said. “And here — no cell phones in your office, no way to communicate really day-to-day in the office. It’s really all about your work.”“I’m so happy to have the opportunity. It’s a luxury to jump in and focus on one thing for awhile, and knowing that everyone at home has sort of agreed to just take care the day-to-day,” she said.At the NSC, the women say they’ve found no difference in treatment due to their gender.McFarland calls Trump an “equal opportunity guy.”“President Trump is an equal opportunity guy in the sense of, I’m in a room, and as I said, I’m in the president’s daily briefing in the morning, and sometimes there’s only one woman in the room, and sometimes the vice president’s national security adviser — also a woman, Col. Andrea Thompson, is there, and the president will look at us and expect us to answer the tough questions just as readily as anybody else,” she said.“In fact sometimes when the really tough questions come, I look around at my male colleagues who are afraid to say something, and I’m the first one to jump in and say, ‘Well you could think of it this way, Mr. President.’ And often the only other person who jumps right in with me is the other woman,” she said.Her advice to women in any career field?“Don’t settle. Don’t settle for second best. And don’t quit, and don’t give up.”Big Government, National Security, Dina Powell, Donald Trump, K.T. McFarland, Nadia Schadlow, national security council, NSC, Trump, Victoria Coates, White House, women in power, Women’s History Month








Friday during her speech at Georgetown University, former Secretary of State and 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton criticized President Donald Trump for his proposed budget cuts to diplomacy and international aid within the agency she once headed.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERClinton said,  “I’m here also to say we are seeing signals of a shift that should alarm us all. This administration’s proposed cuts to international health, development, and diplomacy would be a blow to women and children and a grave mistake for our country. Some of you may have seen the recent letter from more than 120 retired generals and admirals to congress and the administration, urging the congress and the White House not to retreat from these programs which represent our values.”“These distinguished men and woman who served in uniform recognize that turning our back on diplomacy won’t make our country safer,” she continued. “It will undermine our security and our standing in the world. Defense Secretary Mattis said it well when he said if you cut funds to the State Department, that means he has to buy more ammunition.”(h/t The Hill)Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNENBreitbart TV, Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton








While pointing out his dissatisfaction with how he believes Obama nominee Judge Merrick Garland was treated, Manchin said on Gorsuch and his nomination, “The bottom-line is, if you want a working judicial branch of the government, you’ve got to have nine [justices]. You get to Judge Gorsuch, you start looking at, basically, the qualities of the human being – his temperament, his educational attainment, how he’s viewed by his peers, how his rulings have been.”SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERAdded Manchin, “I could not find a reason why this man, this good man, Judge Gorsuch, should not at least be allowed to have an up or down vote.”He also said, “I could not see a just reason to filibuster this person,” indicating his decision to vote for cloture on the nomination.Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.Big Government, Radio, Breitbart News Daily, Coal, Donald Trump, Judge Merrick Garland, Judge Neil Gorsuch, Sen. Joe Manchin








“The secretary has been doing sterling work at the meetings of principals and other similar gatherings. He has been working like an incredibly effective CEO, which is what he was. He is driven to represent the nation as our highest-ranking diplomat,” he said.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“It’s like the stories that have been broiling now for months and months and months. It’s the generation of those who are either inside the machine or outside the machine who do not wish to recognize what happened on November the 8 and think that they have some special right not only to generate false news, but to somehow question the legitimacy of a duly elected administration. It’s just absurdity, Alex,” said Gorka.Dr. Sebastian Gorka is a deputy assistant to President Donald Trump, former National Security editor for Breitbart News and author of books such as Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War.Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.LISTEN:Radio, Breitbart News Daily, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, fake news, Rex Tillerson, secretary of state, State Department








Flynn has reportedly asked for immunity should his testimony lead to any finding of wrong doing, according to a Thursday report by the Wall Street Journal.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe Journal claims that Flynn, a retired army general, and Trump campaign adviser, made his offer to the FBI and the House and Senate intelligence committees through his lawyer. Officials have not yet accepted the deal, the paper says.Details of what Flynn might be willing to say to investigators have not been made public.Flynn was appointed as then President-Elect Trump’s national security advisor in November of last year but resigned by February after revelations emerged that he had opened communications with Russian officials, communications about which he neglected to fully brief the vice president.In his resignation letter, Flynn apologized for neglecting to fully inform VP Pence about the discussions he had with the Russian ambassador saying the omission was due to the “fast pace of events.”At the time of the resignation, Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the administration let Flynn go not due to any legal issues but due to “a trust issue.” Spicer said that the “level of trust between the President and General Flynn had eroded to the point where he felt he had to make a change.”Flynn is facing pressure from several inquiries into his dealings with Russian officials which include thousands he was paid by a trio of Russian companies for speeches made before he joined Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign, as well as his communications with the Russian ambassador.Flynn’s offer to testify comes as Democrats continue to press for investigations into ties Trump may have had with Russia. To date there has been no direct ties proven between Trump or his campaign for president and Russia.Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.Big Government, Donald Trump, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, mike flynn, Mike Pence, Russia








Unfortunately for these Californians, their vote total was dwarfed by the 8.75 million that went for Hillary Clinton from the Golden State, as her 61 percent vote share constituted the biggest landslide since FDR carried the state in 1936.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERSo if you’re a Trump supporter in California, for the most part you try to keep your political affiliation incognito. That means no bumper stickers on your car. No lawn signs on your property. No post-election parties. You keep your gloating and hopefulness behind closed doors.It’s that way because doing anything otherwise could be downright physically unsafe and socially damaging. Never mind the outright violence that greeted Milo in Berkeley, even a small gathering of Trump supporters in Huntington Beach (in Orange Country, the last GOP stronghold in coastal California) was marred by unruly, and possibly criminal, agitators.The social and professional cost could be profound for some Trump supporters. In a Los Angeles Times profile, Ed and Maggie Ring spoke about a nearly 20-year friendship that abruptly ended after the couple’s support for Trump became known.“ ‘I don’t want you around my children,’ ” Ed Ring recalled his former friends’ message via Facebook ending their relationship as he recounted to the Times. “That really hurt.”Honestly, however, the Rings’ story is a dime a dozen across a state that’s effectively under one-party rule, with the Democrats owning super majorities in both state legislatures and every state-wide office. In November, two Democrats – Kamala Harris and Loretta Sanchez – faced off for the U.S. senate seat vacated by Barbara Boxer as no Republican made it through the primaries that go to the top two vote-getters regardless of party affiliation.Your own humble correspondent has his own share of stories to tell. Without boring you with too much detail, I’ve seen first-hand several friendships broken up and business relations ruined during the lead-up to and after the November election. I’ve lost a good friend (I think), as I have not heard from him since he was jolted by the one-two punch of Trump’s victory and my decision to join Breitbart.Even my own dear sisters, one of whom campaigned for Barack Obama in 2008, had to retreat to their own respective safe spaces for awhile after November 8. They still love me, so that’s a hopeful sign for humanity that there’s still something thicker than politics.But the obstacles facing California’s Trump supporters, conservatives, or just anyone opposed to the Democratic agenda are no joke. While the rest of the nation can look forward to the rollback of all the excesses and abuses of the Obama years, California’s one-party machine is doubling down on all those disastrous policies, including continued harboring and supporting of illegal immigration, out-of-control environmental regulations, and more onerous tax increases.Just this past week, Gov. Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown announced a $5.2 billion tax hike to fix the state’s broken roads. The increase will come from raising the gas tax to nearly $1 per gallon and also vehicle registration fees. The funds are needed because for years the state has socked away gas-tax revenue into general funds to pay for, among other things, generous welfare benefits.Not to mention the $68 billion high-speed rail to nowhere.Adding insult to injury, the worst indignities suffered by Trump supporters in California sometimes come from friendly fire. Yes, we’ve heard all the jokes about how California should just fall into the Pacific Ocean… we should just secede from the union and no one will miss us… maybe the wall shouldn’t be built on the Mexican border but along the Sierra Nevada that divides the state from the rest of the country.But know this: There are a lot of us out here in the once glorious Golden State. It’s just that most of us are hiding in plain sight.Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru.2016 Presidential Race, Big Government, Breitbart California, California, Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton








“We recommit ourselves this month to establishing a culture of respect and appreciation for the dignity of every human being,” Trump said in a statement.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe proclamation noted that on average there are 300,000 instances of rape or other sexual assault crimes committed every year, and vowed that his administration would fight to protect people from sexual violence. He also committed to fighting child pornography. The statement also called for young people to hold their peers accountable and adults to teach men and boys to prevent violence.“Our families, schools, and communities must encourage respect for women and children, who are the vast majority of victims, and promote healthy personal relationships,” the statement read.On Wednesday, First Lady Melania Trump also gave a speech calling for “the international community to stand up against violence toward women and children and declared the need for promoting women’s empowerment” at the State Department’s International Women of Courage Award ceremony.Trump’s committment to the issue of sexual assault drew predictable hatred from the left and Never Trumpers.“I wonder if Trump would encourage this same support of the 16 women who have publicly accused him of sexual assault,” wrote Huffington Post editor Emma Gray on Twitter. Gray wrote an article at the Huffington Post headlined “Accused Sexual Predator Proclaims April National Sexual Assault Awareness Month” as she complained that Trump’s statement “removes almost all references to rape culture.”“When I read Trump declared April, ‘National Sexual Assault Awareness Month’, I thought it was an April Fools joke,” CNN commentator Ana Navarro snarked on Twitter.“Trump declared April National Sexual Assault Awareness month. In related news, Putin named April National Don’t-Stand-By-Open-Windows month,” wrote actor George Takei on Twitter.“Irony just stabbed itself in the heart with a pair of dull scissors,” tweeted Kashana Cauley, a writer for The Daily Show.“Grab Em By The Pussy Month will be in May,” wrote MSNBC anchor Christopher Hayes.Big Government, Big Hollywood, Tech, Ana Navarro, Christopher Hayes, Donald Trump, Emma Gray, George Takei, kashana Cauley








During Saturday’s “AM Joy” on MSNBC, House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) argued that the GOP has an “anti-woman” and anti-LGBT agenda.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“[The Republican] agenda is very similar to [President Donald Trump’s]. If you look at their budget over the last few years, if you look at their opposition to anything to do with the environment, to climate change, and the rest, if you look at their anti-woman agenda, LGBT agenda, you name it, they’ve been there sooner, longer and in some cases, worse,” Pelosi said to Joy Reid.Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrentBreitbart TV, AM Joy, MSNBC, Nancy Pelosi








Rio Grande Sector Spokesperson Melissa Ash responded to an inquiry from Breitbart Texas as to how many previously deported sex offenders their agents arrested in their sector during Fiscal Year 2017 which began on October 1, 2016. She responded on Friday that as of March 13, agents apprehended 99 previously deported sex offenders. Since that time, agents arrested at least two more sex offenders after they illegally crossed from Mexico.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEROn Wednesday morning, Border Patrol agents assigned to the Mobile Response Team working in Brooks County (Falfurrias), apprehended a Mexican national. After taking the suspect to the Falfurrias Station, a records check revealed a criminal history that includes a charge in 2007 for Aggravated Sexual Assault, Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro reported in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. He is being processed for prosecution on a charge of illegal re-entry after being deported as a sex offender.About an hour later, McAllen Border Patrol agents working near Sullivan City, Texas, arrested a man from Guatemala. The Guatemalan national has a criminal history that includes Aggravated Sexual Battery. Castro reported the Guatemalan faced this charge in 2007.The Rio Grande Valley Sector reported the arrest of 1,100 criminal aliens since the beginning of Fiscal Year 2017. These numbers come from arrests made in the McAllen and Falfurrias Stations. Nearly ten percent of those arrests are violent sex offendersOther Border Patrol Sectors reported frequent arrests of previously deported sex offenders. These individuals are often a danger to the public due to the possibility of repeated offenses against women and children.Just two weeks ago, agents from the Tucson Sector arrested 46-year-old Rene Murillo-Almansa, a previously deported criminal alien. A records check carried out by the agents revealed Murillo-Almansa has an extensive criminal history and prior deportations. His most recent deportation occurred just weeks before his March arrest. A court convicted the Mexican national in 1994 for raping a child. He received a 24-month prison sentence. Authorities subsequently deported him to Mexico.Tucson Sector agents arrested two additional previously deported sex offenders about ten days later. Agents arrested Vicente Gonzalez-Hernandez, a previously deported sex offender from Mexico with a lengthy criminal history that includes a conviction for “felony assault to commit mayhem/rape” in the state of California.One day later, Tucson agents arrested Jose Luis Cornejo Contreras, near Douglas, Arizona.  The Mexican national’s criminal history includes a conviction for having sexual intercourse with a minor in the state of California, CBP Spokesman Rob Daniels stated in a press release. His criminal record also includes numerous convictions for battery.Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.Big Government, Border, Breitbart Texas, Brooks County, Falfurrias Border Patrol station, McAllen Station, Previously Deported Criminal Alien, Previously Deported Sex Offender, Rio Grande Valley Sector, Tucson Sector, U.S. Border Patrol








In a searing three-minute comedy routine, Fey slammed President Trump’s proclamation Friday declaring April as National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER“Earlier tonight, in what is surely an April Fools’ joke, the president proclaimed that next month will be National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, so now we know what he gave up for Lent,” the former Saturday Night Live star said.Riffing on reports that Vice President Pence declines to dine alone with women who are not his wife, Fey said, “Luckily, Mike Pence isn’t allowed to go down and shut Planned Parenthood unless his wife goes with him. So if we can just keep Karen busy scrapbooking, we can all still get Pap smears”:The fundraising telethon, which streamed live on Facebook, also featured Tracy Morgan, Amy Poehler, Jon Hamm, Mahershala Ali, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Tituss Burgess.At one point, “alternate universe current first daughter of the United States” Chelsea Clinton was introduced, and she addressed “voter suppression.”“The right to vote is the bedrock of our democracy,” Clinton said. “It gives us, each and every citizen, a voice in how our government works. Sadly, this fundamental right is under attack all across the country. Dozens of states have passed laws in recent years making it harder to vote. These laws disproportionately affect minority groups, the poor, and the elderly. Millions have been disenfranchised by voter ID laws alone.”Clinton also urged people to continue to resist Trump’s political agenda.“I’m not giving up,” she said. “I hope that none of you are giving up because we know that our right to vote is fundamental, precious, and worth fighting for”:In a video promoting the ACLU telethon, celebrities insisted that the nonprofit organization has “been preparing for this fight” against the Trump administration:The ACLU has been leading the legal fight against President Trump’s immigration executive actions.Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson.Big Hollywood, "Stand for Rights: A Benefit for the ACLU", ACLU, Chelsea Clinton, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Mike Pence, National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, Tina Fey, Voter Suppression








Alex Jones reveals how numerous law enforcement units and intelligence agencies around the world are waging a war against major pedophile rings inside governments – and how the establishment-controlled media won’t report on the ongoing police raids:Watch on YouTube:To learn more, visit Vets4ChildRescue.org.Also, Alex Jones explains why pedophiles are in positions of power within governments in the first place:Former Navy SEAL Craig Sawyer is revealing to the world the intel he has received from high-level sources inside the Navy SEALs, Delta Force, Army Rangers, CIA, MI6, ASIS, German intelligence and more on the war against the pedophile networks:








Note from Alex Jones: The revelations that Craig Sawyer laid out Friday on my broadcast are unprecedented and historical.  Craig Sawyer cannot be a more credible individual.  He’s one of the most highly decorated, respected leaders in Navy SEAL history and he’s also been a federal officer who served on counter-terrorism task forces.Craig is now revealing to the world the intel he has received from high-level sources inside the Navy SEALs, Delta Force, Army Rangers, CIA, MI6, ASIS, German intelligence and more detailing the fact that there’s a war ongoing – not just in the US but in Europe as well – against the pedophile networks inside government and that Trump has massively accelerated these operations since he’s been in office the last 70 days.That is why they are coming after him and President Trump.This should be the top news story in the United States, but instead it’s totally being ignored. They also shut down the donation account Sawyer set up for a charity operation to raise money to launch an information warfare operation in the form of a documentary series to reveal the raids that are already going on which are being ignored by the mainstream media.
These are all the law enforcement units, intelligence agencies and military units that are directly involved in the pedophile raids who are giving Sawyer eyewitness accounts on just how bad the revelations from the investigations really are.The fact that it’s being censored shows just how powerful this information is.On top of all that, Sawyer has been one of the hosts and experts on Top Shot and other shows on both the Discovery Channel and the History Channel, so he has an entire background in filmmaking as well and is selflessly launching this operation with other patriots to try to free sexually abused children.To learn more, visit Vets4ChildRescue.org.The crowd-funding site YouCaring shut down former Navy Seal Craig Sawyer’s donation page following his appearance on the Alex Jones Show on Friday to talk about his national non-profit organization which aims to expose child trafficking across the nation and save children from torture.A YouCaring representative told Infowars the page was terminated for violating the site’s “terms of service,” though they would not identify the specific issue.Here’s the original interview which prompted the censorship:








The Senate Intelligence Committee heard testimony this week on Russian interference in the elections, and focused in hard on the Russian’s cyber warfare capabilities while ignoring Wikileaks revelations that the CIA can stage false flag cyberattacks:And Lee Ann McAdoo explains why the elites are targeting Flynn:Watch this special report from Owen Shroyer:








Russia has floated its new state-of-the-art nuclear-powered multipurpose submarine called Kazan as its fleet returned to Soviet-era operational levels in terms of sea patrols, according to the Russian Navy chief.“The Yasen-M class nuclear-powered submarine cruisers are some of the most advanced battleships that amassed all cutting-edge submarine shipbuilding technologies,” Admiral Vladimir Korolev, the Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Navy, said as the most advanced Russian nuclear attack submarine, Kazan – the second submarine of the Yasen-M class – was launched in the northern Russian port of Severodvinsk.Kazan was laid down in 2009 and is expected to be accepted by the Russian Navy in 2018 following sea trials. The admiral said four more submarines of the same class – Novosibirsk, Krasnoyarsk, Arkhangelsk and Perm – are now being built at the Sevmash shipyards in Severodvinsk and one will be launched as early as in 2019 while the seventh and last vessel of this project, Ulyanovsk, would be laid down in the summer of 2017.All the vessels are expected to be built by 2023, according to Korolev.Yasen-M class submarines are to replace the older Russian attack submarines of the Akula-class forming the backbone of the Russian Navy’s conventional submarine force. They are considered to be counterparts to the US nuclear-powered Seawolf and Virginia class submarines.The lead vessel of the project, K-560 Severodvinsk, was laid down in 1993 but construction was completed only in 2010 due to budgetary constraints. It was accepted by the Russian Navy in 2014.The Yasen-M class vessels are 120 meters long, have a submerged displacement of 13,800 tons and can travel up to 31 knots (57 kph) while submerged. They are also designed to dive to a maximum depth of 600 meters.The submarines carry ten 533mm torpedoes and have eight vertical launching systems equipped with four Onyx and Kalibr supersonic cruise missiles each. Each ship is designed to operate independently for up to 100 days.One of the most interesting features of the new design is a large spherical sonar system which occupies its entire bow, which required that torpedo tubes be slanted and placed behind the main control compartment.“We are creating a group of nuclear-powered submarines that will carry out missions in all regions of the global ocean and ensure Russia’s security,” Korolev said at the Kazan launch ceremony, as cited by TASS.Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, who also attended the launch, said the new vessels would help Russia to “firmly and confidently defend its interests on the global stage.” He also emphasized the necessity of dialog in international relations adding that “this dialog should be maintained with a firm and confident voice,” referring to the importance of the nation’s defense capabilities.Korolev also said that Russian submarines have reached Soviet Union-era levels in terms of the combat patrols as the vessels had spent some 3,000 days at sea in 2016, adding that “it is an excellent level.”“Last year, we returned to the level we had before the post-Soviet era in terms of the days at sea. Russia’s submarine fleet has spent 3,000 days at sea,” the admiral said.He went on to say that Russia also plans to launch another state-of-the-art submarine this summer – a nuclear-powered ballistic missile cruiser named Knyaz Vladimir.The vessel is the fourth submarine of the Borei class. With a submerged displacement of 24,000 tons, this 170-meter long vessel is designed to carry six 533mm and six 324mm torpedos, Onyx and Kalibr cruise missiles as well as 16 Bulava ballistic missiles with an operational range between 8,000 and 8,300 kilometers.According to the former head of the Russian Navy, Admiral Vladimir Vysotskiy, Knyaz Vladimir is even more advanced in terms of low noise, better weapon control systems, and higher maneuverability as compared to the first three vessels of the Borei class which are now used by the Russian Northern and Pacific Fleets.Russia’s growing state-of-the-art submarine fleet is apparently generating anxiety among the US military. In June 2016, Vice Admiral James Foggo III, commander of the US 6th Fleet, wrote in the June issue of the US Naval Institute’s magazine that “an effective, skilled, and technologically advanced Russian submarine force is challenging” NATO’s maritime dominance.








Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly have defended federal agents who make immigration arrests at courthouses after California’s top judge asked them to stop, according to a letter released Friday.Sessions and Kelly sent the letter Wednesday to California Supreme Court Chief Justice Tani Cantil-Sakauye, saying state and city policies barring local law enforcement from turning over suspects for deportation have compelled federal agents to arrest immigrants at courthouses and other public places.Courthouses are a safe place for federal agents to make the arrests because visitors are typically screened for weapons, the letter says.Read more








After hours of increasingly violent protest both ahead of and following a vote on a controversial change to the country’s presidential election process, angry demonstrators broke into and set a fire on the ground floor of Paraguay’s Congress building in its capital, Asuncion.Protesters clashed with police for several hours in the capital city following a secret vote by 25 senators for a bill that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for reelection. Demonstrators contend that this is unconstitutional.#URGENTE Robert Acevedo se retira del #Congreso pic.twitter.com/qEaY1vuNDd— Chismosas Paraguay (@ChismosasParag2) March 31, 2017 Instead of being held on the Senate floor as usual, the vote took place in a closed office in Congress.Police have used rubber bullets and water cannons to disperse the crowd, but protesters continue to surround the building and, according to reports, have broken in and are vandalizing the interior. Several journalists and politicians have been injured according to local media reports.Senator Desiree Masi from the opposition Progressive Democratic Party said, “A coup has been carried out. We will resist and we invite the people to resist with us.”fire in ground floor of congress, no sign of firefighters. #Paraguay pic.twitter.com/vkyjg5ASwB— Laurence Blair (@LABlair1492) March 31, 2017fire in ground floor of congress, no sign of firefighters. #Paraguay pic.twitter.com/vkyjg5ASwB— Laurence Blair (@LABlair1492) March 31, 2017 Tadeo Rojas, interior minister, said that a small group of protesters injured police as well, telling a press conference, “The national police were not under any instruction to repress. They were attacked.”The controversial bill will now go to Paraguay’s House, where it was expected to be voted on Saturday morning.If passed, the change would apply to Cartes, as well as future presidents. Paraguay’s presidents are elected to five-year terms.








Three people have been charged in connection to Thursday’s fire under a raise section of Interstate 85, according to state officials. The fire led to the eventual collapse of one of the spans and damaged at least three other spans.Basil Eleby was charged with criminal damage to property and was taken to the Atlanta City Jail. Sophia Broner and Barry Thomas were cited with criminal trespass charge, a misdemeanor. The state fire marshal’s office said the two men and one woman are believed to be homeless.“They used available materials to start the fire. We got reports that several individuals were in the area. We interviewed those; that led to a third,” said Jay Florence, Deputy Insurance and Safety Fire Commissioner.Read more








A mysterious flash of X-rays has been spotted by Nasa’s Chandra X-ray Observatory in deep space, and astronomers are at a loss to explain it. The X-ray source, located in a region of the sky known as the Chandra Deep Field-South (CDF-S), was unremarkable before October 2014 – but then it erupted and became at least 1000 times brighter in a few hours. After about a day, the source had faded to the point that it couldn’t be detected by Chandra.“Ever since discovering this source, we’ve been struggling to understand its origin,” said Franz Bauer of the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile in Santiago, Chile. “It’s like we have a jigsaw puzzle but we don’t have all of the pieces.”Read more








Farkas: “..dark campaign of fake news you know that’s still ongoing. We see um even someone like myself get swept up in all of this…you know when people like me are speaking on behalf of process, people spin it to uh suit their needs and I think maybe the Russians may be behind such fake news today.”There’s a total distortion about what I said…I was outside of government. I had no access to intelligence on this whatsoever, but I was concerned because I knew how the Russians operate and I was reading these reports about them hacking into the elections then giving the information to Wikipedia.”https://twitter.com/this1isno1/status/847969110831050752








More and more reports are coming out that show the Obama administration had surveilled the Trump campaign, the White House said Friday.White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer highlighted two during the White House press briefing.One was an interview on March 2, in which former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas described to MSNBC how she urged former colleagues in government to save and spread as much information on Russia as they could before Trump came into office.Farkas said, according to an exact transcript of the interview:I was urging my former colleagues and — and frankly speaking, people on the Hill — it was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people, ‘Get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can, before President Obama leaves the administration,’ because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left, so it would be hidden away, in the bureaucracy, that the Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about their — the staff, the Trump staff’s dealing with Russians, that they would try to compromise those sources and methods, meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence, so I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia. So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking. People are worried.I was urging my former colleagues and — and frankly speaking, people on the Hill — it was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people, ‘Get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can, before President Obama leaves the administration,’ because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left, so it would be hidden away, in the bureaucracy, that the Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about their — the staff, the Trump staff’s dealing with Russians, that they would try to compromise those sources and methods, meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence, so I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia. So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking. People are worried.Spicer said that interview “raised serious concerns on whether or not there was an organized and widespread effort by the Obama administration to use and leak highly sensitive intelligence information for political purposes.”Separately, Spicer pointed to an NBC News report on Friday that appeared to corroborate Farkas’s comments.It said Obama administration officials were so concerned about what would happen to key classified documents related to a probe into Russian interference in the elections once Trump took office that they created a list of document serial numbers to give to senior members of the Senate Intelligence Committee.Read more








Newly elected Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez campaigned for Democrats in Newark, New Jersey Friday by telling a crowd the Republican Party doesn’t “give a shit” about them.Perez, speaking at a rally hosted by the New Jersey Working Families Alliance, first congratulated protesters on showing up in droves to Washington, DC on January 21, the day after President Trump’s inauguration.WATCH:Perez claimed those people gathered and proclaimed, “Donald Trump, you don’t stand for our values… Donald Trump you didn’t win the election.”Later in his speech, President Obama’s secretary of labor added that he doesn’t “care” if people take issue with his speech, just like how “Republicans don’t give a shit about people.”Read more








Three liberal donor networks and foundations with ties to billionaire George Soros have joined forces to form a new fund to “resist” President Donald Trump.The Emergent Fund, which carries a goal of fighting “immediate threats” to “immigrants, women, Muslim and Arab-American communities, black people, LGBTQ communities, and all people of color,” was established late last year to quickly fund groups to take direct, immediate action against Republicans.Since the fund’s formation, it has received little public attention. It has raised over half a million dollars to give to groups opposing Republicans, such as the Black Lives Matter Network. The fund has extensive ties to significant liberal networks and groups.“These communities need increased capacity so that they can respond, act nimbly, and develop new strategies in this new period,” the fund’s website states. “The fund will focus on grassroots organizations in communities of color who are facing injustice based on racial, ethnic, religious and other forms of discrimination. We will provide resources to defend against what’s coming, and to develop innovative strategies to transform our country.”Read more








President Trump on Friday signed two executive orders aimed at tackling concerns about trade abuses as the White House seeks to launch a major overhaul of U.S. policy.The White House’s latest executive orders kick-off a comprehensive review of U.S. trade deficits and also would start the process of implementing a framework to collect all import taxes levied on foreign exporters that break global trade rules.Trump said the two executive orders would “set the stage for a great revival of American manufacturing.”The president, who credited his tough talk on trade for his surprise election victory, said that many cities and towns he visited during the campaign were “devastated by unfair trade policies, probably one of the major reasons I’m here today, trade.”“Nobody has ever made bad trade deals like our country has made,” Trump said during remarks in the Oval Office.Read more








US intelligence and law enforcement agencies believe that ISIS and other terrorist organizations have developed innovative ways to plant explosives in electronic devices that FBI testing shows can evade some commonly used airport security screening methods, CNN has learned.Heightening the concern is US intelligence suggesting that terrorists have obtained sophisticated airport security equipment to test how to effectively conceal explosives in laptops and other electronic devices.The intelligence, gathered in the last several months, played a significant role in the Trump administration’s decision to prohibit travelers flying out of 10 airports in eight countries in the Middle East and Africa from carrying laptops and other large electronic devices aboard planes.The findings may raise questions about whether the ban is broad enough. CNN has learned that, through a series of tests conducted late last year, the FBI determined the laptop bombs would be far more difficult for airport screeners to detect than previous versions terrorist groups have produced. The FBI testing focused on specific models of screening machines that are approved by the Transportation Security Administration and are used in the US and around the world.Read more








If you’re one of the countless Americans who was distraught to learn of the revelations made by former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden, the mere idea that there might be yet another agency out there – perhaps just as powerful and much more intrusive –  should give you goosebumps.Foreign Policy reports that the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, or NGA, is an obscure spy agency former President Barack Obama had a hard time wrapping his mind around back in 2009. But as the president grew fond of drone warfare, finding a way to launch wars without having to go through Congress for the proper authorization, the NGA also became more relevant. Now, President Donald Trump is expected to further explore the multibillion-dollar surveillance network.Like the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the National Security Agency (NSA), the NGA is an intelligence agency, but it also serves as a combat support institution that functions under the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD).With headquarters bigger than the CIA’s, the building cost $1.4 billion to be completed in 2011. In 2016, the NGA bought an extra 99 acres in St. Louis, building additional structures that cost taxpayers an extra $1.75 billion.Enjoying the extra budget Obama threw at them, the NGA became one of the most obscure intelligence agencies precisely because it relies on the work of drones.As a body of government that has only one task — to analyze images and videos captured by drones in the Middle East — the NGA is mighty powerful. So why haven’t we heard of it before?The Shadow Agency That Sees It AllPrior to Trump’s inauguration, the NGA only targeted the Middle East or whatever spy satellites orbiting the globe captured. As far as most of us knew, the agency refrained from pointing its ultra-high-resolution cameras toward the United States. That alone may be why the NGA has been able to stay out of scandals for the most part.But under Trump, things may look much worse — as if spying on countless people abroad weren’t enough.Recently, for instance, he gave the CIA the power to wage covert drone warfare, shielding important information on such operations simply by allowing the agency to carry out missions without first seeking authorization from the Pentagon.Now, Trump might as well move on to NGA, hoping to boost “national security” by turning the agency’s all seeing eyes toward American soil.As the president hopes to get more money for defense, many have speculated whether he will start to use drones at home, especially since he has already suggested he supports agencies like the NSA based on his desire to target “terrorists.” There’s nothing that implies he wants to slow down the surveillance state.  The White House has expressed its desire to renew Obama-era spying powers — even as the president battles critics who deny his claims that his conversations were intercepted at the same time foreign nationals were under surveillance in 2016.A partially redacted March 2016 report released by the Pentagon revealed that drones had already been used domestically on about 20 or fewer occasions between 2006 and 2015. Though some of these operations mostly involved natural disasters, National Guard training, and search and rescue missions, quotes from an Air Force law review article found their way into the report. In it, Dawn M. K. Zoldi wrote that technology designed to spy on targets abroad could soon be used against American citizens.“As the nation winds down these wars,” the report explains, and ”assets become available to support other combatant command (COCOM) or U.S. agencies, the appetite to use them in the domestic environment to collect airborne imagery continues to grow.”
Up until 2015, oversight was so loose that the capabilities provided by the DOD’s unmanned aircraft system weren’t under scrutiny by any other agency. Without statutes that specify the rules such federal government agencies should follow, watchdogs find it hard to keep track. But would it be any better if there were an agency or a branch of the same government overseeing what the government itself is doing?The short answer is no.NGA Has A Precedent, And Trump May Want To Explore ItAs fears grow that Trump will revamp the NGA, domestic stories of police departments using drones to spy on locals are also resurfacing.Some of the most highly publicized instances involved Baltimore and Compton, where police departments deployed aerial surveillance technology without issuing a warrant or seeking authorization from local or state lawmakers.With a precedent already set, the president might as well ignite a new fight in his continued efforts to fight a war against an imaginary, impossible-to-target enemy. After all, he’s not a stranger to scandals and likely wouldn’t feel overwhelmed one bit if he decided to turn the country’s ultra-high definition cameras toward its citizens.What could help to put an end to his plans might be exactly what helped halt President George W. Bush’s attempts at setting up spy satellites domestically. In 2007, Bush’s Department of Homeland Security set up an agency known as the National Applications Office with the goal of establishing direct spy satellite stakeouts in America. Thankfully, Congress stepped in and cut off the agency’s funding.But with Americans seldom showing any interest for important violations of privacy or even basic human rights here and abroad, it’s easy to see how this massive spying agency could end up getting a carte blanche to do whatever it wants once Trump realizes he has the power to order it done. After all, who will pressure Congress to stop him?








U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Friday that North Korea’s “reckless” actions must be stopped.Defense Sec. Mattis: North Korea's 'Reckless' Actions Must Be Stopped https://t.co/36460KZ1CW pic.twitter.com/bNh6LGuRWW— Mikael Thalen (@MikaelThalen) March 31, 2017 Speaking beside British Defense Minister Michael Fallon at a London press conference, Mattis alluded to North Korea’s growing nuclear weapon and missile programs in response to a reporter’s question on Iran.“At the time when I spoke about Iran, I was the commander of the U.S. Central Command and that was the primary exporter of terrorism… the primary state sponsor of terrorism and it continues that kind of behavior today, but in the larger scheme of things… the North Korean threat, this is a threat of both rhetoric and growing capability,” he said.The issue, Mattis asserted, is currently being weighed with the assistance of allies as well as the United Nations.“We will be working with the international community to address this, we’re doing so right now, we’re working through the United Nations, we’re working with our allies, and we’re working diplomatically including with those that we might be able to enlist in this effort to get North Korea under control,” he said.“But right now it appears to be going in a very reckless manner in what its conduct is portraying for the future, and that’s got to be stopped.”Mattis’ comments come only one week after U.S. defense officials say North Korea carried out its latest missile engine test.Satellite images from March 25, analyzed by Washington-based think tank “38 North” Tuesday, may also indicate that North Korea is in the final stages of preparations for a sixth nuclear test.The think tank concluded that numerous factors presented in the photographs “strongly suggests that test preparations are well underway,” but cautioned there was no definitive evidence of a nuclear device being present at the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site.U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated earlier this month that the policy of “strategic patience” has ended, noting that all options, including military, are now on the table.“Certainly, we do not want things to get to a military conflict… but obviously, if North Korea takes actions that threatens the South Korean forces or our own forces, then that would be met with an appropriate response,” Tillerson said. “If they elevate the threat of their weapons program to a level that we believe that requires action, that option is on the table.”








Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and six of her “research aides” retained access to classified and top secret documents years after she resigned from the State Department in 2013, according to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa).Grassley, who chairs the Senate Judiciary Committee, launched an inquiry into the matter Thursday, citing Clinton’s “extremely careless” handling of classified information as concluded by FBI Director James Comey last summer.“I have repeatedly asked the State Department whether Secretary Clinton and her associates had their clearances suspended or revoked to which the Obama Administration refused to respond,” Grassley said in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. “Recently, the State Department informed the Committee that six additional Secretary Clinton staff at State were designated as her research assistants which allowed them to retain their clearances after leaving the Department.”Unbelievably, Clinton’s justification for retaining access was that she needed classified info to help write her memoir, Fox News reported.Grassley went on to say that any government workers who’ve “engaged in serious offenses” would at a minimum have their clearances suspended.“The failure to do so has given the public the impression that Secretary Clinton and her associates received special treatment,” he pointed out.Chris Farrell, of watchdog group Judicial Watch, said that it is “outrageous” that Clinton and her aides could still have access after they left the State Department, especially given her past impropriety with classified information.“It is so unimaginatively offensive that Hillary Clinton or her staff would have any access to classified or top secret information,” Farrell said. “It is a mindblower.”In July 2016, FBI Director Comey, after investigating Clinton’s private email server, announced that “although we did not find clear evidence that that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.”








Infowars’ Owen Shroyer and Millie Weaver come to you with breaking news on Hillary Clinton’s recent appearance in which she called upon Americans to resist Trump.








Update: The crowd-funding site YouCaring shut down Mr. Sawyer’s donation page following his appearance on the Alex Jones Show Friday and within 30 minutes of the publication of this article.A YouCaring representative told Infowars the page was terminated for violating the site’s “terms of service,” though they would not identify the specific issue.The page was terminated just as Infowars had donated $10,000 to the fund.Stay tuned to this page for a new location to send funds.
These are all the law enforcement units, intelligence agencies and military units that are directly involved in the pedophile raids who are giving Sawyer eyewitness accounts on just how bad the revelations from the investigations really are.Original story continues below…Veterans from various US military branches are uniting to save children from sex trafficking pedophile rings.Former Navy Seal Craig Sawyer has launched a national non-profit organization which aims to expose child trafficking across the nation and save children from torture.“These rings include members from every level of our society and involve unthinkable trauma inflicted upon innocent  babies and children – the soul of our nation,” Vets4ChildRescue.org states.The group will collect data and information from federal and local law enforcement sources to expose the biggest names, families and foundations that take part in the ritualistic abuse of children.Sawyer’s group is composed of a VIPR Team (Veterans Investigating Pedophile Rings), with participating members hailing from different military branches and intelligence agencies, including Military Special Operations and members of the CIA, TSA, FBI, NSA, MI6 and more.Veterans for Child Rescue also plans to produce a television documentary-series with the goal of exposing the child sex trafficking epidemic to a wider audience.“Until now, pedophiles have enjoyed a counter-productive level of privacy from the media. That puts more children at risk,” a crowd-funding page for the organization states.“Together, we can work with federal and local law enforcement to help arrest these predators and liberate the child victims.”You can donate to vets4childrescue.org at their YouCaring page: https://www.youcaring.com/ourteam-785399 (page no longer active)








WikiLeaks’ latest batch of documents, named ‘Marble’, details CIA hacking tactics and how they can hamper forensic investigators from attributing viruses, trojans and hacking attacks to the spy agency . The tool was in use as recently as 2016.The third release, which contains 676 source code files for the agency’s secret anti-forensics framework, is part of the CIA’s Core Library of malware, according to a statement from WikiLeaks.RELEASE: CIA Vault 7 part 3 "Marble" https://t.co/M5NBFlXRu4 #Vault7 pic.twitter.com/HFyEf26FHK— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 31, 2017 WikiLeaks said Marble hides fragments of texts that would allow for the author of the malware to be identified, meaning the agency allows another party to be blamed for the hack.A Marble framework document reveals it supports the ability to “add foreign languages” to malware. “Now comes the fun stuff,” it reads, listing Chinese, Russian, Korean, Arabic and Farsi in example code, indicating the potential for the CIA to divert attention to international actors.It’s “designed to allow for flexible and easy-to-use obfuscation” as “string obfuscation algorithms” often link malware to a specific developer, according to the whistleblowing site.“This would permit a forensic attribution double game, for example by pretending that the spoken language of the malware creator was not American English, but Chinese, but then showing attempts to conceal the use of Chinese, drawing forensic investigators even more strongly to the wrong conclusion,” WikiLeaks explains, “But there are other possibilities, such as hiding fake error messages.”Within @wikileaks #Vault7 #Marble release, instructions on adding foreign language to algorithms to hide #CIA malware & hacks #dnchack pic.twitter.com/gsyh4Y4Gwt— Christine Maguire (@_ChrisMaguire) March 31, 2017Within @wikileaks #Vault7 #Marble release, instructions on adding foreign language to algorithms to hide #CIA malware & hacks #dnchack pic.twitter.com/gsyh4Y4Gwt— Christine Maguire (@_ChrisMaguire) March 31, 2017 The code also contains a ‘deobfuscator’ which allows the CIA text obfuscation to be reversed. “Combined with the revealed obfuscation techniques, a pattern or signature emerges which can assist forensic investigators attribute previous hacking attacks and viruses to the CIA.”Previous Vault7 releases have referred to the CIA’s ability to mask its hacking fingerprints.WikiLeaks claims the latest release will allow for thousands of viruses and hacking attacks to be attributed to the CIA.RELEASE: CIA Vault 7 Part 3 "Marble" — thousands of CIA viruses and hacking attacks could now be attributed https://t.co/MfNtlwEoZS #Vault7 pic.twitter.com/2SVNR3v7Ll— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 31, 2017RELEASE: CIA Vault 7 Part 3 "Marble" — thousands of CIA viruses and hacking attacks could now be attributed https://t.co/MfNtlwEoZS #Vault7 pic.twitter.com/2SVNR3v7Ll— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 31, 2017








Leftists on Twitter have identified yet another shocking example of the re-emergence of white supremacy and racism in America – white colored Skittles.The social network giant was flooded with tweets expressing outrage at the fruit-flavored chewy candy being sold without colors.“This is soooo fucking stupid. Why should whiteness mean equality?!” said one Twitter user.“Skittles realized how white/capitalist PRIDE was becoming and wanted to join in the efforts. Interesting,” said another woman.“Damn, Skittles turning against the coloreds too,” added another.Some of the tweets received hundreds of retweets.“Shoulda been brown or black. I aint eating no white skittles,” said another woman.White Skittles are nothing new – they were promoted last year to celebrate Obama declaring June “LGBT Pride Month,” so it’s unexplained why race obsessives are suddenly up in arms now.The fact that the candy is white has nothing to do with race and is in fact a nod to the kind of mindless, virtue-signalling identity politics that ‘Black Lives Matter’ supporters would normally embrace.Skittles introduced the new color because, in their own words, “only one rainbow deserves to be the centre of attention – yours. And we’re not going to be the ones to steal your rainbow thunder, no siree.”However, the demand that everything has to be filtered through the lens of the ‘Oppression Olympics’ has brought with it the relatively recent trend of social justice warriors eating their own.This has led to some on the far left denigrating LGBT causes as a distraction from the supposed oppression of black people (a phenomenon that objectively does not exist).SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanetFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71*********************Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.








Survivalist expert and author James Wesley Rawles explains why the global elite are threatened by the impact Infowars is having on politics around the world.Army Officer Warns Of Democratic Coup Plans








Last week, the FBI vault released dozens of photos from the infamous crash at the Pentagon on 9/11 – nearly 16 years after the incident. The Pentagon crash has long been criticized by 9/11 investigators who claim insufficient evidence exists to prove that a Boeing 757 passenger jet impacted the West wall of the US intelligence center.9-11 Pentagon Debris 1
9-11 Pentagon Debris 2
9-11 Pentagon Debris
9-11 Pentagon Emergency Response
9-11 Pentagon Emergency Response 2
9-11 Pentagon Emergency Response 3
9-11 Pentagon Exterior 1
9-11 Pentagon Exterior 2
9-11 Pentagon Exterior 3
9-11 Pentagon Exterior 4
9-11 Pentagon Exterior 5
9-11 Pentagon Exterior 6
9-11 Pentagon Exterior 7
9-11 Pentagon Exterior 8
9-11 Pentagon Exterior 09
9-11 Pentagon FBI 2
9-11 Pentagon FBI 3
9-11 Pentagon FBI 4
9-11 Pentagon FBI 5
9-11 Pentagon FBI Team
9-11 Pentagon Interior 12
9-11 Pentagon Interior 13
9-11 Pentagon Interior
9-11 Pentagon Overhead 1
9-11 Pentagon Overhead 2
9-11 Pentagon Overhead
Alex Jones went in-depth covering the controversy over the Pentagon crash in his 2007 documentary TerrorStorm.








The social media speech police have arrested another innocent victim as Twitter just banned popular Trump supporter and Breitbart contributor @PizzaPartyBen with no warning or reason given, despite an impeccable record and over 72,000 followers.As has become their modus operandi, Twitter killed the account in the middle of the night, causing an uproar with his friends, fans, high-profile admirers and free speech advocates in the alternative media.“I woke up at 2am my time and had over 200 text messages asking about what happened,” Ben told Infowars.
Yesterday, Ben posted, “I’m Muslim now,” which was likely the excuse Twitter had been waiting for to banish him, despite the fact that Ben could very well have been serious, and thus Twitter could be accused of practicing ‘Islamophobia.’“Nothing Jack Dorsey does will change the fact that Donald Trump is our president,” Ben told Infowars, referring to the Twitter CEO and kingpin social justice warrior who has made it a mission to knock Trump supporters off his platform, such as Ben’s close friend, Milo Yiannopoulos.
Ben is also famous for his love of firearms and the 2nd Amendment, often posting photos of himself shooting rifles in his home state of Alaska, which has likely earned an even bigger target on his back with the anti-conservative social media giant.Ben was recently attacked in a hit piece on Donald Trump by Vox , who baselessly called him an “anti-semite,” which would make his close friendship with the Jewish Yiannopoulos quite peculiar and contradictory.Shortly after, Vox issued a retraction.“Vox Media was forced to issue a humiliating correction and apology today after falsely labelling popular social media figure, Donald Trump supporter, and Breitbart contributor ‘Pizza Party Ben’ an anti-Semite, after Breitbart challenged the website to justify the label,” reported Breitbart.“Twitter broke the #1 rule: don’t mess with dudes that wear makeup,” warned Ben.The social media platform, once loved as a tool for speaking freely and sharing thoughts with like-minded users, has chosen to purge non-leftist voices from the site, which has lead to a steep decline in the company’s value in recent years.Dan Lyman: Facebook | Twitter








Video footage out of Kuwait shows a maid hanging from a window before she falls onto a roof in what some are pointing to as an example of how foreign workers are mistreated in Islamic countries.“Hold me! Hold me!” the woman, who is reportedly Ethiopian, screams in Arabic. She then loses her grip and falls at least seven floors onto a lower roof. At no point does the individual filming the incident make any attempt to help her.This is how Arabs treat their maid ???? pic.twitter.com/2fFuPn018X— ?? (@Ali_loco1) March 30, 2017Miraculously, the woman appeared to escape with just a broken arm. A second video shows her being helped by emergency services.Just got sent this, it's a miracle she survived that fall, Alhamdulilah ???? pic.twitter.com/RMXR4mql0k— ?? (@Ali_loco1) March 30, 2017The woman who filmed the incident was reportedly arrested.The BBC reports that the maid climbed outside because she was suicidal and that the woman recorded the incident “because she did not want to be accused of the maid’s murder if she had died.”However, Twitter users were quick to assert that the incident highlights the mistreatment of immigrant workers in Muslim countries.In many Islamic countries, particularly Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and Qatar, maids are treated like slaves and forced to work in abhorrent conditions.As Alya Mooro writes, sexual abuse and harassment of domestic workers is commonplace in rich Arab Gulf states because foreign maids are at the mercy of employers who exercise control over their visa terms.“This often allows the employers to feel like they have complete control over the maid and will not be reprimanded for however they choose to treat them,” explains Balqesa Maalim, a program officer at the International Organization for Migration.We also featured this video yesterday which showed veiled Muslim women being literally herded by a man with a stick in Saudi Arabia.SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanetFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71*********************Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Google is running a silent campaign to make sure President Trump appoints as permanent chair of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) a candidate the tech giant is certain will never press an antitrust investigation of the company, after previously lobbying for a Republican favorable to Google to be nominated by President Bush as the third GOP FCC commissioner.This is especially important given the steps the Trump administration took to advance a bill through Congress to cancel the FCC order on “Internet Privacy” that President Obama engineered in October 2016 at the urging of Google.That the White House was not abandoning Internet privacy, but transferring the rule-making on Internet privacy from the FCC to the FTC was made abundantly clear by White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer at the White House briefing on Thursday.“The White House supports Congress using its authority under the Congressional Review Act to roll back last year’s FCC rules on broadband regulation,” Spicer said.“The previous administration, in an attempt to treat Internet service providers differently than edge providers, such as Google and Facebook, reclassified them as common carriers — much like a hotel or another retail outlet — and opened the door to an unfair regulatory framework.  This will allow all service providers to be treated fairly and consumer protection and privacy concerns to be reviewed on an equal playing field,” Spicer continued.It is important to understand Google wanted President Obama to place all broadband under Title II of the Communications – a move that allowed the FCC to regulate the Internet, resulting in the Democratic-controlled FCC imposing “Net Neutrality” rules and “Internet Privacy” rules.Typically, “Net Neutrality” was designed to tip the scales toward Google and the largest telecommunication giants on the Internet, while “Internet Privacy” rules allowed Google to continue mining and selling customer data from web-browsing activity analysis, while smaller ISPs were blocked from doing so.Infowars.com has reported the uproar attacking the GOP in Congress revoking the FCC “Internet Privacy” rules is led by leftist groups funded by Google and Soros.The Trump administration appears determined to reverse “Net Neutrality” rules as well as “Internet Privacy” rules promulgated by the Obama administration FCC, returning Internet privacy regulation to the FTC, the agency properly tasked with promulgating consumer protection rules.Industry insiders say one of Google greatest fears is that the Trump administration might open an antitrust investigation, like the antitrust investigation of Microsoft in 1998 when it attempted to incorporate its own Internet browser, making it difficult for users to load successfully competing browsers such as Netscape.In a Department of Justice settlement reached on Nov. 2, 2001, Microsoft agreed to place restrictions on its Windows operating system, having narrowly escaped a decision by the U.S. District court that Microsoft was a monopoly that needed to be broken into two companies to prevent Microsoft from using ever again its market power to crush competitors, including Apple, Netscape, Java, Lotus Software, Linux, and others.Interestingly the case U.S. v. Microsoft Corporation, 253 F.3d 34 (D.C. Cir. 2001) began as an antitrust complaint initially filed with the FTC in 1992.Although the FTC is authorized to have five commissioners with no more than three of the same political party, at present the FTC has only two commissioners: Maureen K. Ohlhausen, a Republican appointed by President Obama in 2010, who President Trump elevated to be Acting Chair on Jan. 25, 2017; and Terrell McSweeney, a Democrat, appointed by President Obama and sworn in on April 28, 2014.Behind the scenes, Google is quietly pushing for Ohlhausen, a life-time career bureaucrat, to be appointed permanent FTC chair.Google calculates that Ohlhausen’s Republican views favoring robust open-market competition in a deregulated environment will be enough to get President Trump to appoint her as permanent FTC chair.But Google’s true calculation is that Ohlhausen as FTC chair would protect Google from being forced to undergo renewed antitrust inspection.Google knows that Ohlhausen dissented to an FTC settlement reached in 2013 to an antitrust complaint that involved various Google business practices, with the settlement requiring Google to share patents on critical standardized technologies needed to make popular electronic devices, such as smart phones, laptops and tablet computers.A “puff piece” supporting Ohlhausen to be nominated permanent FTC chair was published by James Cooper, a professor at George Mason University, who published in Forbes on March 29, an article featuring Ohlhausen’s “Economic Liberty” agenda, as derived from remarks Ohlhausen delivered at the George Mason Law Review’s 20th Annual Antitrust Symposium on Feb. 23, 2017.George Mason University (GMU) financial ties to Google were evidenced by a 2016 Campaign for Accountability’s Google Transparency Project report that noted four of five speakers appearing on a GMU panel on the global antitrust investigations of Google had received funding from Google.That report noted that Cooper’s program at GMU has received at least $762,000 in donations from Google and internal emails published by the media showed Google lobbyists trying to place an op-ed he wrote in newspapers and suggesting panelists for a conference he organized, with the cash payment apparently made in return for Cooper writing “a raft of papers supporting Google’s position that it had not broken antitrust laws.”On Feb. 23, 2017, Bloomberg BNA (formerly known as the Bureau of National Affairs) published an article entitled, “Ohlhausen Seen Auditioning to Keep Top FTC Role,” noting that Ohlhausen “has been speaking and tweeting a lot about her vision of the agency under President Donald Trump – a sign to some observers that she may be auditioning for a long-term leadership role.”As hard as Google has lobbied behind the scenes to promote Ohlhausen, Google has worked overtime to smear Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes – a Republican nominee for FTC chair who campaigned strongly for Trump in western states during the 2016 presidential campaign.“His appointment [i.e., Reyes] might be encouraging to people who want to see stronger antitrust enforcement than you’d normally expect in a Republican administration,” Seth Bloom, an antitrust attorney at Bloom Strategic Counsel LLC in Washington, told Bloomberg BNA.On Jan. 29, 2016, Reyes joined D.C. Attorney General Karl Racine in writing to then-FTC chair Edith Ramirez, suggesting the antitrust investigation the FTC closed against Google in 2013 should be reopened, in light of antitrust authorities in the EU and India pursuing complaints against Google similar to the complaints the FTC investigated and settled in 2013.On Aug. 17, 2015, Google lost a strong ally on the FTC when Commissioner Joshua D. Wright, a Republican, abruptly announced his resignation as FTC commissioner, a position he had held since January 2013.Although he led the transition team of then President-elect Trump that focused on the FTC, Wright has faced criticism for his outright support of Google, as evidenced by a paper he wrote in 2010 that was highly critical of the prospect Google might face the type of aggressive antitrust action the European Union had taken against high-tech companies, including Qualcomm, Intel, and Microsoft.








The war against your inalienable rights is expanding.First, the Second Amendment is still under attack:And your right to a fair trial is diminishing:Let’s not forget the globalists are also waging war against your free speech and privacy:








From Russian hacking to the FBI withholding reports, there’s plenty of fake news stories that are dividing this nation:The establishment is using its major platforms to block independent thinkers from reaching a mass audience:








Infowars Reporter Joe Biggs Breaks down Sanctuary Cities and the feud between the federal gov. and states in their understanding of federal law pertaining to the detention and deportation of illegal aliens.








Lee Ann McAdoo, Rob Dew, and Michael Zimmerman discuss SJR34 and how to protect yourself from corporate surveillance.








California Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters is leading the charge against Trump with an unapologetic agenda of race-baiting and unpatriotic rants.








Throughout history Islam has taken over dozens of countries using extreme ideology.








The portion of the federal debt that is subject to a legal limit set by Congress plummeted by $56,758,000,000 on March 15 hitting its lowest level of 2017, according to the Daily Treasury Statement.On that same day, the federal debt hit its legal limit, according to the same Daily Treasury Statements.For the 15 days since then, according to the Treasury’s statements, the debt subject to the limit has been frozen at $19,808,747,000,000—approximately $25 million below the new legal limit.The debt was able to hit its legal limit—even on a day when it was plunging dramatically–because when the Republican Congress and President Barack Obama on Nov. 2, 2015 enacted the most recent legislation lifting the legal limit on the debt they did not actually set a new limit. Instead, they suspended the debt limit, which allowed the federal government to borrow money and run up new debt without any limit at all throughout the election year of 2016.Read more








Are millions of Americans about to see the big, juicy pensions that they were counting on to fund their golden years go up in flames in the biggest financial disaster in U.S. history?When Bloomberg published an editorial entitled “Pension Crisis Too Big for Markets to Ignore“, it simply confirmed what a lot of people already knew to be true.  Pension funds all over America are woefully underfunded, and they have been pouring mind boggling amounts of money into very risky investments such as Internet stocks and commercial mortgages.  Just like with subprime mortgages in 2008, this is a crisis that everyone can see coming well in advance, and yet nothing is being done about it.On a day to day basis, Americans generally don’t think very much about pensions.  Most of those that have been promised pensions simply have faith that they will be there when they need them.Unfortunately, the truth is that pension plans all over the country are severely underfunded, and this has already resulted in local fiascos such as the one that we just witnessed in Dallas.But what happened in Dallas is just the very small tip of a very large iceberg.  According to Bloomberg, unfunded pension obligations on a national basis “have risen to $1.9 trillion from $292 billion since 2007″…As was the case with the subprime crisis, the writing appears to be on the wall. And yet calamity has yet to strike. How so? Call it the triumvirate of conspirators – the actuaries, accountants and their accomplices in office. Throw in the law of big numbers, very big numbers, and you get to a disaster in a seemingly permanent state of making. Unfunded pension obligations have risen to $1.9 trillion from $292 billion since 2007.As was the case with the subprime crisis, the writing appears to be on the wall. And yet calamity has yet to strike. How so? Call it the triumvirate of conspirators – the actuaries, accountants and their accomplices in office. Throw in the law of big numbers, very big numbers, and you get to a disaster in a seemingly permanent state of making. Unfunded pension obligations have risen to $1.9 trillion from $292 billion since 2007.And of course that $1.9 trillion number is not actually the real number.That same Bloomberg article goes on to admit that if honest math was being used that the real number would actually be closer to 6 trillion dollars…So why not just flip the switch and require truth and honesty in public pension math? Too many cities and potentially states would buckle under the weight of more realistic assumed rates of return. By some estimates, unfunded liabilities would triple to upwards of $6 trillion if the prevailing yields on Treasuries were used. That would translate into much steeper funding requirements at a time when budgets are already severely constrained. Pockets of the country would face essential public service budgets being slashed to dangerous levels.So why not just flip the switch and require truth and honesty in public pension math? Too many cities and potentially states would buckle under the weight of more realistic assumed rates of return. By some estimates, unfunded liabilities would triple to upwards of $6 trillion if the prevailing yields on Treasuries were used. That would translate into much steeper funding requirements at a time when budgets are already severely constrained. Pockets of the country would face essential public service budgets being slashed to dangerous levels.So where are all of these pensions eventually going to come up with 6 trillion dollars?That is a very good question.Ultimately, even if financial conditions stay as stable as they are right now, a whole lot of people are not going to get the money that they were promised.But things will get really “interesting” if we see a major downturn in the financial markets.  According to Dave Kranzler, if the stock market were to fall by 10 percent or more and stay there for a number of months, that “would cause every single public pension fund to blow up”.  And Kranzler is also deeply concerned about the tremendous amount of exposure that these pension funds have to commercial mortgages…Circling back to the mall/REIT ticking time-bomb, while the Fed can keep the stock market propped up as means of preventing an immediate nuclear melt-down in U.S. pensions (all of which are substantially “maxed-out” in their mandated equities allocation), the collapse of commercial mortgage-back securities (CMBS) will have the affect of launching a nuclear sub-missile directly into the side of the U.S. financial system.The commercial mortgage market is about $3 trillion, of which about $1 trillion has been packaged into asset-backed securities and stuffed into yield-starved pension funds. Without a doubt, the same degree of fraud of has been used to concoct the various tranches in these CMBS trusts that was employed during the mid-2000’s mortgage/housing bubble, with full cooperation of the ratings agencies then and now. Just like in 2008, with the derivatives that have been layered into the mix, the embedded leverage in the commercial mortgage/CMBS/REIT model is the financial equivalent of the Fukushima nuclear power plant collapse.Circling back to the mall/REIT ticking time-bomb, while the Fed can keep the stock market propped up as means of preventing an immediate nuclear melt-down in U.S. pensions (all of which are substantially “maxed-out” in their mandated equities allocation), the collapse of commercial mortgage-back securities (CMBS) will have the affect of launching a nuclear sub-missile directly into the side of the U.S. financial system.The commercial mortgage market is about $3 trillion, of which about $1 trillion has been packaged into asset-backed securities and stuffed into yield-starved pension funds. Without a doubt, the same degree of fraud of has been used to concoct the various tranches in these CMBS trusts that was employed during the mid-2000’s mortgage/housing bubble, with full cooperation of the ratings agencies then and now. Just like in 2008, with the derivatives that have been layered into the mix, the embedded leverage in the commercial mortgage/CMBS/REIT model is the financial equivalent of the Fukushima nuclear power plant collapse.I have previously talked about the ongoing retail apocalypse in the United States which threatens to make so many of these commercial mortgage securities go bad.  It is being projected that somewhere around 3,500 stores will close in the months ahead, and this is going to absolutely devastate mall owners.  In turn, it is inevitable that a lot of their debts will start to go bad, and pension funds will be hit extremely hard by this.But the coming stock market crash is going to hit pension funds even harder.  Stocks are ridiculously overvalued right now, and if they simply return to “normal valuations”, pension funds are going to lose trillions of dollars.We are talking about a financial tsunami that will be absolutely unprecedented in our history, and yet investors continue to act like the party can last forever.  In fact, we just learned that margin debt on Wall Street has just hit another brand new record high…The latest data from the New York Stock Exchange show margin debt, or cash borrowed to buy shares, hit a record $528.2 billion in February, up from its prior high of $513.3 billion in January.The latest data from the New York Stock Exchange show margin debt, or cash borrowed to buy shares, hit a record $528.2 billion in February, up from its prior high of $513.3 billion in January.Of course my regular readers already know that margin debt also shot up to dramatic peaks just before the last two stock market crashes as well…Prior periods when margin debt hit records occurred around stock market peaks, including 2000 when the dot-com stock boom went bust, and 2007 when stocks began to crater amid early signs of trouble in the housing market ahead of the 2008 financial crisis.Margin debt jumped 22% from the end of 1999 before peaking in March 2000 at $278.5 billion, the same month stocks peaked. In 2007, margin debt shot up to $381.4 billion in July, three months before stocks topped.Prior periods when margin debt hit records occurred around stock market peaks, including 2000 when the dot-com stock boom went bust, and 2007 when stocks began to crater amid early signs of trouble in the housing market ahead of the 2008 financial crisis.Margin debt jumped 22% from the end of 1999 before peaking in March 2000 at $278.5 billion, the same month stocks peaked. In 2007, margin debt shot up to $381.4 billion in July, three months before stocks topped.We are perfectly primed for the greatest financial disaster in American history, and yet very few people are sounding the alarm.This massive financial bubble is a ticking time bomb, and when it finally goes off it is going to wipe out virtually every pension fund in the United States.








Federal debt held by the public is set to hit 77 percent of gross domestic product by the end of this year, the highest level seen since shortly after World War II, according to the Congressional Budget Office’s 2017 long-term budget outlook.Federal debt held by the public, defined as the amount that the federal government borrows from financial markets, has ballooned over the last decade. In 2007, the year the recession began, debt held by the public represented 35 percent of GDP. Just five years later, federal debt held by the public has doubled to 70 percent and is projected to continue rising.Debt has not seen a surge this large since the increase in federal spending during World War II, when debt exceeded 70 percent of GDP. The budget office projects that growing budget deficits will cause the debt to increase sharply over the next three decades, hitting 150 percent of GDP by 2047.Deficits are projected to rise over the next few years because government spending is outpacing tax revenue, causing a substantial imbalance in the federal budget. In 2017, the deficit was 2.9 percent of GDP. This is projected to rise to 9.8 percent in 2047.Read more








DONALD Trump has ramped up tension between the US and EU as his administration threatens to impose 100 per cent tariffs on European goods.America’s trade battle with Brussels is set to continue as Donald Trump considers a hike on the price of Perrier mineral water, Vespa motor scooters and Roquefort cheese as he hits back over the EU’s long-standing ban on hormone-treated American beef.Campaigners across the continent are now rallying to put pressure on the US and European Union to get back around the negotiating table before Mr Trump’s new trade representative, Robert Lighthizer, makes a decision.Rob Dingman, president of the American Motorcyclist association warned: “To basically jeopardise an entire industry for leverage is inappropriate.Read more








A Brazilian journalist named Felipe Moura Brasil breaks down how his country was ruined by Socialist policies and warns American millennials that the system is not as glorious as it’s currently portrayed in the U.S..








Click here for official Alex Jones press kit photographs.Since the beginning of time there have been constant attempts to enslave and subdue the spirit of humanity. From Barbarian hordes streaming down the mountain to the Stasi secret police torturing those who dreamed to be free.In this age of rapidly accelerating technology the threat to our liberties is a very real and present danger. Alex Jones is a unique voice that sifts through the information and exposes the underlying intentions.In the past, nations and empires have met on the  battlefield to pit men and metal against their ideas. Now the true battlefield has become the sphere of information.The manipulation of facts and the slow relentless war on reality is being waged on this landscape of the mind. When those who seek to control humanity can convince the world that what they say is true, we will rapidly descend into the most oppressive tyranny ever seen.Alex Jones has built infowars from the ground up putting  profits back into the company to continue to grow Exponentially. Alex has never taken a loan and is not beholden to advertisers, investors or any other group that could censor or influence his position. The listeners and viewers are Alex’s partners and he has vowed to honor their trust and always remain truly independent.Alex Jones and Infowars stand against this onslaught. Every day connecting the dots, peeling back the onion. He digs deeper into the story with the insight of experts, whistleblowers and insiders. Seeking the truth and exposing the scientifically engineered lies of the globalists and their ultimate goal of enslaving humanity.Alex Jones is internationally recognized by many as a trailblazer of new media and an icon of the burgeoning liberty movement.Starting at the tender age of 20, Jones launched an access television show which within a year led to him scoring a highly rated week night radio show in Austin, Texas.The Alex Jones Show is now syndicated on over 160 stations across the country and routinely breaks huge stories in addition to featuring some of the most insightful and news making guests from across the world.Jones is dedicated to libertarian and constitutionalist ideas, in addition to what he has coined "1776 worldwide" - promoting a true culture of liberty, transparency and freedom on a planetary scale to empower humanity, while vehemently opposing Agenda 21 and the globalist threat to national sovereignty.Jones believes that informing people about the true nature of power, we can foster a real debate about humanity's destiny and allow the species to evolve towards a more orderly singularity that has humans at the core of a system which is based around maintaining free will and integrity  - defying the transhumanist goal of Social Darwinism and scientific dictatorship.Amidst the mammoth ideological clash between techno-authoritarianism and free human movements across the globe, Jones is a bullhorn for true libertarian principles and the empowerment of humankind in the eternal battle against tyranny.Jones has hit the headlines on numerous occasions for his outspoken advocacy for freedom, notably in January 2013 when he took part in a televised debate with CNN's Piers Morgan on gun control which garnered global attention.A 2011 Rolling Stone article described Jones as "a giant in America's conspiracy subculture," with a subsequent in-depth profile adding that he made Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh, "sound like tea-sipping NPR hosts on Zoloft."According to UT Professor Randolph Lewis, Jones is "one of the most important political media figures in the country" and "his circle of Texas libertarians is maybe the most important zone of resistance to surveillance culture right now.""Alex Jones is a model for people to create their own media," Michael Harrison, editor of the industry trade magazine Talkers, told Rolling Stone writer Alexander Zaitchik. "When the history is written of talk broadcasting's transition from the corporate model of the 20th century to the digital, independent model of the 21st century, he will be considered an early trailblazer."By establishing a team of news reporters who provide cutting edge analysis and on the ground high tech breaking coverage, Infowars.com continually dominates the news coverage while wearing our bias - the truth - openly and proudly on our sleeve.In the spirit of Thomas Jefferson and George Washington, Jones passionately argues against foreign entanglements and wars for the sake of corporate and banking interests. Jones avoids the bogus political labels of "left and right" and instead focuses on what really matters — what's right and wrong. As a tenacious journalist, Jones has broken hundreds of national stories over the span of his career, a feat that led to Matt Drudge giving Infowars.com a much coveted spot on the permanent links section of his hugely influential and highly trafficked website, DrudgeReport.com.Jones' infiltration of the ultra-secretive Bohemian Grove compound in 2000 also caused shockwaves, with the occult cremation of care ritual being caught on camera for the first time.Alex's mainstay is his nationally syndicated news-talk show produced from his studio in Austin and broadcast on the Genesis Communication Network, based in Minnesota. The Alex Jones Show airs on over 160 AM, FM, and shortwave stations across the United States Monday through Friday from 11:00 a.m.—2:00 p.m. Central Standard Time. As well, Alex's show is the largest draw for the talk genre on Shoutcast and the Internet. Alex does a syndicated and nationally broadcast Sunday show on Emmis Communications' KLBJ 590 AM in Austin, Texas.Jones is recognized for his incisive and hard-hitting interviews with a wide range of guests. Prominent guests include Willie Nelson, Charlie Sheen, Joe Rogan, Russell Brand, Billy Corgan, Chuck Norris, Jesse Ventura, Ted Nugent, Lou Dobbs, Tommy Chong, Geraldo Rivera, Ed Asner, and others.Alex has interviewed hundreds of politicians, government officials, researchers, political activists, authors, economists, political analysts, scientists, and entertainers, including Rand Paul, Ron Paul, Rep. Dennis Kucinich, Ralph Nader, Chuck Baldwin, George Galloway, Gore Vidal, Greg Palast, David Lynch, Joseph Stiglitz, Vigo Mortenson, Roddy Piper, Shooter Jennings, Public Enemy, Noam Chomsky, Pat Buchanan, Eva Orner, and even David Mayer de Rothschild, to name but a few.Alex's interview with actor Charlie Sheen, who disputed the official explanation of the attacks of September 11, 2001, received mainstream notice on CNN Showbiz Tonight, Fox News' Hannity & Colmes, and Jimmy Kimmel Live. Willie Nelson's questioning of 9/11 on Alex's radio show resulted in Fox News' Bill O'Reilly featuring the iconic musician and political activist on the "Pinheads & Patriots" segment of his O'Reilly Factor television show. Nelson also called for the impeachment of Bush on Alex's show."If you've never heard of Alex Jones, then you've been missing out on some of the most dynamic, hard-hitting radio on the planet," explains ZDNet. "This guy is a national treasure, a light breaking through the electronic Berlin Wall of the US media establishment," adds BBC investigative journalist Greg Palast.Documentary FilmsAlex Jones is a prolific filmmaker, producing on average two films per year since his first documentary, America: Destroyed By Design, was released in 1997. Alex's films primarily document the emergence of the New World Order, world totalitarian government, the steady erosion of the Constitution and national sovereignty in the United States, government corruption, corporate fascism, eugenics, martial law and the encroaching police state."Find out how the sovereignty of the United States is being subordinated to the globalist interests, through such examples as the Foundations at the Presidio and the Panama Canal. See United Nations and Chinese Interests are affecting our nation. Witness the United Nation's indoctrination of America's children and watch exclusive interviews with witnesses of the Oklahoma City Bombing."Documents how the U.S. Government grossly overstepped Constitutional boundaries, as well as the cover up that followed with the Branch Davidians in Waco, Texas.There are over 85,000 Federal and regional governmental institutions: school districts, water and power authorities, country and city governments — and they own over 70 percent of the stock market. The video includes an interview with Joe Banister, former IRS Special Agent, exposing how the IRS is a collection agency for the private, run-for-profit Federal Reserve.Jones' "Dark Secrets: Inside the Bohemian Grove" documented the first ever hidden camera incursion into the Grove and the bizarre pagan ritual, the Cremation of Care, practiced by its members, all men, including both Presidents Bush, Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter, Colin Powell, and Henry Kissinger to name but a few.Exposes the growing militarization of American law enforcement and the growing relationship between the military and the police.From children in public schools being trained to turn in their peers and parents to the National Guard and Army patrolling our country's highways, The Takeover reveals the most threatening developments of police state control in our age.Details the birth of a global police state, the history of government sponsored terrorism, the modern implementation of fear-based control, and the future plans of the New World Order.In two hours, Alex Jones reveals the Globalists' master plan for world domination. In this powerful expose, Jones explains why the elite are using manufactured terrorism to drive the populations into accepting tyranny.This film documents the nightmare rise of the Homeland Security dictatorship, Patriot Acts 1 and 2, the Total Information Awareness Network, government-run white slavery rings, the new prison surveillance economy and much more.Matrix of Evil contains footage from speeches and conversations with Alex Jones, Congressman Ron Paul, Colonel Craig Roberts, Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney and Frank Morales.American Dictators is a 90+ minute expose chronicling the degeneration of America's political process. Alex Jones rips away layer after layer of the false left-right paradigm and finally reveals the 2004 election.From the frontlines of the Police State to the darkest sanctum of the secret society that controls it, Martial Law reveals the master plan of a group hell-bent on capturing America today — and tomorrow the world.Exposes the connections between the Bohemian Club and Skull and Bones and other occult secret societies. Jones explores the roots of the Grove and its links to occult networks dating back to ancient Egypt and Babylon.Throughout history, criminal elements inside governments have carried out terror attacks against their own populations as a pretext to enslave them. TERRORSTORM reveals how, in the last hundred years, Western leaders have repeatedly murdered their own citizens while posing as their saviors.Jones chronicles the history of the global elite's bloody rise to power and reveals how they have funded dictators and financed the bloodiest wars—creating order out of chaos to pave the way for the first true world empire.Including interviews with Jesse Ventura, Rosie O'Donnell, George Carlin, Willie Nelson and Martin Sheen, this film is unlike anything you have ever seen. The only question after viewing it is: will you become part of the Truth Rising?In addition to producing the above films, Alex had a cameo role in Richard Linklater's Waking Life, a part that received a standing ovation at the Sundance Film Festival. He also appeared as the "street prophet" in Linklater's 2006 film, A Scanner Darkly, based on the novel of the same name by Philip K. Dick.








Donald Trump has just announced that he will immediately convene a panel of investigators and appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Barack Obama for his many crimes against America. The announcement, which came through his official Press Secretary and not Twitter, comes just after Obama made the ridiculous claim that he could have beaten Trump in the election:“MR. TRUMP BELIEVES PRESIDENT OBAMA IS GUILTY OF BREAKING THE CONSTITUTION MANY, MANY WAYS, INCLUDING WRITING EXECUTIVE ORDERS TO AVOID LEGISLATING ILLEGAL ACTIONS, HATING AMERICA AND SIDING WITH THE TERRORISTS AND CONSPIRING WITH OUR ENEMIES IN IRAN AND PALESTINE AGAINST THE GOOD AND NOBLE PEOPLE OF ISRAEL.”This is it, Patriots! Just like we’ve been saying along with no evidence to back it up, Obama is a traitor. Now that trump has issued an official statement it’s definitely real.Trump’s panel will be led by the unbiased Mike Huckabee who has already chosen Governor Sarah Palin, Speaker Newt Gingrich, Mayor Rudy Giuliani and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann.Huckabee will also be adding a tribunal of civilians including Jon Voit, Scott Baio and Former Buffalo Bills Head Coach Rex Ryan, who is out of work and in need of something to be angry about.It’s gonna be a wild ride, patriots! Time for Obummer to pay for his crimes. We won’t stand by and let him take away none of our guns, fix the economy, add millions of jobs and save the auto industry without paying dearly for it.He’s a Muslim fascist communist dictator socialist from Kenya and Trump will make him rue the day he ever decided to run for President. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Drexel University is a private university in Philadelphia that offers its more than 26,000 students degree programs in the arts, business and economics, engineering and computers, media and design as well as graduate degrees in nursing, medicine and biomedical sciences, law, education, and even hospitality and sports management.The school boasts of “Greek life,” 33 active club sports and even a cable television station run by students all for nearly $60,000 annual tuition and housing.Unfortunately, it also lays claim to having a real jerk as a professor.George Ciccariello-Maher is an associate professor of political science specializing in colonialism, social movements, political theory, Latin America, and race and racism,” according to his online resumé, but it would appear that he actually specializes in tweeting offensive comments about subjects for attention.After Ciccariello-Maher garnered international attention last Christmas Eve for tweeting the holiday message, “All I want for Christmas is white genocide” the university issued a response distancing itself from the comments it called “utterly reprehensible,” “deeply disturbing” and not reflective of the values of the school.Now, a mere three months later, he is at it again, this time managing to insult the military and soldiers’ families at the same time.Apparently, the mere sight of a civilian giving up his first-class seat for a man in uniform triggered a physical reaction in the sensitive academic.“Some guy gave up his first class seat for a uniformed soldier. People are thanking him. I’m trying not to vomit or yell about Mosul.”Unsurprisingly, Ciccariello-Maher again drew a response as the “Twitterverse” erupted with thousands of tweets from people who found this comment, like his Christmas Eve tweet, reprehensible.“Unpatriotic” was the least of the adjectives used in the tweets.One soldier’s mother tweeted, “As a mother of a wounded soldier, who fought for HIS freedom, I have 3 words for HIM- GO TO HELL!”A man hit the mark with, “I’m sorry you need attention. It’s adorable, but let’s see you say that to a Marine’s face. Tweet after you do, if you can…”Others took aim at Drexel for employing Ciccariello-Maher calling on alumni to withhold contributions – and their kids’ tuition. “Drexel University should fire Prof George Ciccariello-Maher for his ‘tried not to vomit’ comment. DO NOT SEND YOU KIDS TO DREXEL UNIV.”One gut-wrenching tweet underscored the cruelty of the professor’s comment. “I’ve worked w Vietnam Vets w PTSD. This tweet literally made me sick to my stomach. Life’s easy from the cheap seats.”But possibly the best response came from Townhall columnist and veteran Kurt Schlichter, who tweeted, “You tried not to vomit or yell? No, you just sat there quietly like a little b****. Ignored, irrelevant, wishing you were a man.”Odds are Ciccariello-Maher will take to Twitter again – it feeds his pre-pubescent need for attention while not having to actually face the people he insults.Drexel University’s students – all 26,000 of them – deserve better, as do the parents who are writing the tuition checks. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Every never-trumper in the country is having a very bad week, as Ivanka Trump is officially taking on her role as advisor to the President. So that means there are at least two Trump’s with real live jobs in the West Wing of the White House and that’s really gotta sting.There have been all sorts of objections to Ivanka’s taking an advisory role at all because of her lack of political experience. But let’s not forget that she’s not the first real estate exec that’s been brought in as an advisor to a President. Valerie Jarrett, longtime friend of former President Obama was a very well paid staffer under the former administration.Let’s compare the two, shall we?Like Ivanka, Jarrett had “no Washington experience.” From the NYT:Chosen for: White House Senior Advisor and Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Relations and Public Liaison. Ms. Jarrett is also co-chairwoman of the Obama transition team.Will bring to the job: Experience in negotiation, persuasion and conflict resolution; a long record of outreach to the African-American community; fierce, almost familial loyalty to Mr. Obama and his wife, Michelle, both of whom she has helped work through decisions and fix problems. No Washington experience.Like Ivanka, Jarrett was a successful real estate executive. From Wikipedia:Until joining the Obama administration, Jarrett was the CEO of the Habitat Company, a real estate development and management company,[13] which she joined in 1995. She has been replaced by Mark Segal, a lawyer who joined the company in 2002, as CEO. Daniel E. Levin is the chairman of Habitat, which was formed in 1971.[14] Jarrett was a member of the board of Chicago Stock Exchange (2000–2007, as chairman, 2004–2007).Like Ivanka, Jarrett had as much influence with the president as the president’s wife. From the NYT:Obama’s irritation grew. “Man, it’s late, I’m tired,” he snapped. “I’m not going to any sorority event.”The three staff members knew what their only option was at this point. “If you want him to do something,” Gunn would later tell me, “there are two people he’s not going to say no to: Valerie Jarrett and Michelle Obama.”Like Ivanka, Jarrett had Secret Service protection. From the Chicago Sun Times:Sneed is told Jarrett brings her bodyguards everywhere . . . like shopping, the gym, restaurants and visiting friends in Chicago, the source added.Like Ivanka, Jarrett vacationed with the president. From Politico:She vacations with the first family in Hawaii and Martha’s Vineyard.The glaring difference between the First Daughter and Jarrett, is that the latter cost taxpayers $176,461 per year while Ivanka is receiving nothing for her work. Looks like liberals will have to find another reason to keep being angry at the first family.Better luck next time guys. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Over the past couple of months, we continue to learn more about Obama’s shadow government as his deep state operatives keep working behind the scenes to take President Trump down. But now it appears as though one of his operatives is about to pay a huge price, after her treasonous ties were just discovered in a breaking report that was just released from the DOJ.U.S State Department employee Marine Clairborne who possesses a top secret security clearance has been arrested after failing to report her involvement and close ties with the Chinese government, who in a quid pro quo deal, had been receiving thousands of dollars in benefits and gifts from the communist country in exchange for America’s top secrets. Here’s more directly from the DOJ official website, with details being given to the press by Acting Assistant Attorney General McCord:Claiborne used her position and her access to sensitive diplomatic data for personal profit. Pursuing those who imperil our national security for personal gain will remain a key priority of the National Security Division.Candace Claiborne is charged with obstructing an official proceeding and making false statements in connection with her alleged concealment and failure to report her improper connections to foreign contacts along with the tens of thousands of dollars in gifts and benefits they provided,’ said U.S. Attorney Phillips.As a State Department employee with a Top Secret clearance, she received training and briefing about the need for caution and transparency. This case demonstrates that U.S. government employees will be held accountable for failing to honor the trust placed in them when they take on such sensitive assignments’ ”Candace Claiborne is accused of violating her oath of office as a State Department employee, who was entrusted with Top Secret information when she purposefully mislead federal investigators about her significant and repeated interactions with foreign contacts,” said Assistant Director in Charge Vale.In addition to using insider information to give our top secrets to the Chinese, Candace has also been charged for perjury for lying to the FBI which could mean a hefty prison time.What’s disturbing is that this woman has been committing treason for the entire time Obama was in office. How many other leftover Obama officials are currently guilty of treason as well? The only reason we’re learning about this now is because of President Trump draining the swamp and taking these idiots straight to the trash receptacle where they belong.It will be very interesting to see how the liberal media tries to spin this. When they continue to push the propaganda of the Trump administration “colluding” with the Russians, let’s just throw their little collusion with the Chinese right back in their faces! commentsBest free WordPress theme








Liberals would do anything to win elections in America.Elections expert J. Christian Adams told FOX and Friends that there are 4 million dead people on US voter rolls.Adams was the Voting Section Attorney at the US Department of Justice, so he knows a thing or two about this topic. In fact, he has filed six lawsuits against Philadelphia and Broward County, Florida where the voter rolls are corrupted.J. Christian Adams says,  “Dead people are voting and it’s something this administration does not want to do anything about. They must like it. They must like who they are voting for… Now we have four million, four million Steve, ineligible and dead voters on American voter rolls according to the Pew Charitable Trust.”Please watch what he says:PLEASE SHARE THIS! AMERICANS NEED TO KNOW THE REAL FACE OF OBAMA AND HIS LIBERALS MINIONS!  commentsBest free WordPress theme








United States Air Force Lieutenant General Thomas McInerney is s a highly decorated retired United States Air Force Lieutenant General, who served in top military positions and reported directly to the Secretary of Defense and the Vice President of the United States.Gen. McInerney, on Fox News, reveals Obama/Hillary’s evil plan to attack Trump and his administration.Gen. McInerney was asked about “Obama wirtap surveillance” following Trump’s extraordinary victory.Gen. McInerney believes that Obama and Hillary may face criminal charges for violating the “ESPIONAGE ACT” that so far the FBI under Director Comey has been reluctant to pursue, and of course the question is why?“Fingerprints that are now gonna start coming out that will show that the Obama administration was heavily listening to what was going on in the Trump campaign.”“They (Democrats) do not want the Trump administration to start looking in at the violation of the Espionage Act by Hillary Clinton with her rogue server and by the President who used a pseudonym on her rogue server and they are both in violation of the Espionage Act. They do not want this to come out, so they brought up all these other facts out about Russia.”
“The unmasking (of Trump people) is another criminal offense…the special prosecutor should start looking at Hillary’s rogue server.”Espionage Act of 1917 DICTATES PUNISHMENTS AS FOLLOWS:To convey information with intent to interfere with the operation or success of the armed forces of the United States or to promote the success of its enemies. This was punishable by death or by imprisonment for not more than 30 years or both.Watch:Lt Gen McInerney: Hillary Clinton & Barack Obama are both in Violation of Espionage Act
pic.twitter.com/TiNUPQcrdt— Dean (@DeanSchanzel) 27 marzo 2017 commentsBest free WordPress theme








Norway has started a campaign against crime. They started deporting Muslims connected to radical groups.Violent crime in Norway is down more than 30%. Liberals are calling this “racism.”Norway planned to deport over 7,100 radicals in 2016.The majority of deportees had returned to Norway illegally or had committed crimes.Only 2.3% of Norway’s population is Muslim according to the CIA World Factbook.
Do you think it would a good program for America as well?If so, please SHARE with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Liberals have been going nuts ever since their hero, the criminal Hillary Clinton, lost the election. They just can’t believe that Donald trump, a man who stole the hearts of a huge majority of Americans, won in such a landslide. Even though the people have spoken, liberals think they should get their way. Their heroes, a bunch of tree-hugging Hollywood celebrities, have been leading that charge whenever possible.This morning, new details came out that are shocking even to conservatives. The Secret Service has arrested three liberal celebrities in an apparent conspiracy to assassinate the president. You heard that right. They aren’t protesting and they didn’t just make threats, they were actually conspiring to kill President Trump.Special Agent Lucas Kimball, head of the Secret Service task force on credible threats against the president, told Breitbart:“THIS WAS A REAL PLAN TO NOT ONLY MURDER A SITTING PRESIDENT BUT TO TAKE HALF A BUILDING AND MOST LIKELY A LOT OF OTHER INNOCENT LIVES WITH HIM. WE WERE SURPRISED THAT THESE THREE PEOPLE WERE CAPABLE OF SUCH EVIL THOUGHTS. THEY INSIST THAT THEY WILL BE REMEMBERED BY HISTORY AS THE PEOPLE WHO TRIED TO ‘STOP THE NEXT HITLER.’”Liberalism is, in fact, a mental disorder. The three liberals were arrested as enemy combatants and brought to a military base due to the threat of mass destruction by means that are being called domestic terrorism. The Secret Service turned them over to CIA interrogators and weren’t going to release their names, but after just a few minutes of enhanced interrogation, all three cracked and gave up anyone involved.The three to be charged with terrorist threats, conspiracy to commit murder and treason are Actors Seth Rogan and James Franco and singer/songwriter Miley Cyrus. All three will be arraigned in federal court Monday morning. They implicated more than a dozen others who will face conspiracy charges but those names aren’t being released until they’ve been picked up and interrogated themselves to see just how far this thing goes.Jeff Derpinger, from the White House Office of Information and Propaganda, says the president is safely sheltered in place for now until the threat has been neutralized. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Today, Donald Trump was supposed to sign some MAJOR executive orders on trade. That is NOT what ended up happening…Trump, Mike Pence, and the whole crew showed up ready for the signing. The President went to the podium, looked down, and got PI$$ED!He is sick and tired of these deals. He is not gonna simply sign any mediocre orders. Instead, he swore to take down ALL the trade cheaters out there.Trump said,Trump also ordered his staff to review all of our debts and compile a list for him of countries contributing to our deficit.If you ask me, it’s GREAT to see a president taking so much initiative in trying to get our trade and finances back on track.At the same time, he is giving the military the money they were needing and lowering our deficit.Hey, if all y’all are as proud as I am of Mr. President Trump, do him a big old favor and help Share this out. commentsBest free WordPress theme








The Clinton Foundation and its board of directors, which includes Chelsea and Bill Clinton, have been formally charged by the Justice Department under US code title 16 subsection 216. Under federal law, the DOJ has found that the foundation has accepted money from countries with suspected ties to terrorism.The countries involved include Egypt, Saudi Arabia, The United Arab Emirates and Dubai. In more than a dozen uncovered reports, The Clinton Foundation accepted donations from those countries without obtaining the necessary form 5649, which is a disclaimer that the person or government making the donation does not engage in nor support terrorist activity.A spokesman for the foundation told CNN that those forms were on file but after a full warrant search by the FBI they were nowhere to be found. When asked about it, FBI Director Comey said, “that’s tough luck. Maybe the Clintons shouldn’t have made such enemies of this agency.”There’s a little bit of karma for a Monday morning. The foundation attempted to show the agency paperwork that proved that more than 90 percent of the money collected went to medicine and education for children in those very nations, but it’s not the spending that is in question. A US attorney working directly for Jeff Sessions, Janice Garbalonzo, told The Federalist Papers:“The Clinton Foundation thinks because it spends its money on textbooks, medicine, food and clothing for children that it’s exempt from the law. The four countries in question may not have made the travel ban but they are still listed as possible suspects where enemies of the state like the Clintons are concerned. We’ll use everything at our disposal to get those crooks.”A spokesman for the White House Office of Information and Propaganda says the investigation and subsequent consequences have nothing to do with the election or any kind of rivalry between the president and the Clintons.If found guilty, board members in the know could face up to 30 years in prison. commentsBest free WordPress theme








An operative inside the Obama Deep State, presumably working in the best interests of President Trump, has released a list of people participating in the attempted overthrow of our government from within. That list, which includes almost every Democrat currently serving at the state and federal level, also includes 11 serving Republicans.Along with those who currently hold seats, a few names that we’re not at all surprised about who formerly held a title, such as Barack Obama and his wife, have also been named. They include Bill and Hillary Clinton, George W. Bush and, very surprisingly, Mayor Rudy Giuliani. Giuliani, who is still a vocal supporter of Trump, was also a staunch advocate for sanctuary cities during his time in New York.The 11 Republicans serving as operatives for the Deep State, whose mission is “the overthrow of the Trump regime by political means and the removal of Donald Trump by any means necessary” are:The two who stand out most are Ben Carson and Rick Perry, both of whom campaigned against President Trump. Carson, who portrays himself to be a bit clueless, was thought to be given his position in exchange for his endorsement. Rick Perry was also considered one of the less cerebral of Trump’s cabinet picks. It’s no secret that both of those departments are on the chopping block to be eliminated.The Deep State may seem like a meaningless gesture to keep old ideals that should be tossed aside from dying, but they have already proven effective in killing the health care bill as well as forcing judges to stall Trump’s plans to make America safe again with travel bans.They are also most likely behind the “leaks” of information to Devin Nunes and the deal to give Michael Flynn immunity for his cooperation with the fake investigation into the Russia “scandal” that never happened.The Deep State is for real, folks. Keep your eyes and ears open. they’re trying to steal our country out from underneath us. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Four Secret Service agents and two United States Marines had a good laugh earlier today when Barack Obama showed up unannounced at the White House, demanding a meeting with President Trump.At first, the former president just nodded and waved and started walking through the door at the ellipse like he owned the place until he came face to face with Agent Brock Neidemeir, who used to serve on his detail.After a short discussion, Neidemyer agreed to call down to the Oval Office and was told by Trump’s secretary Rosalita that he wasn’t welcome and that Trump had no time for him. Obama, being the sore loser that he is, started stomping around like a baby and demanding he be allowed in.People as far away as the south gate could hear him whining.There’s no telling why Obama felt the need to show up at the White House or why he thought he could just waltz right in like he owned the place.One thing is for sure: Trump isn’t going to allow someone who knows how to do his job that much better than him come down the halls of the West Wing to show him up. He has real issues to deal with. commentsBest free WordPress theme








Congressman Trey Gowdy (R- South Carolina) has had enough of the crap that has been tearing our country apart.Since President Trump’s inauguration, there has been a scourge on our nation. Barack Obama and his “Deep State” have done everything in their power to subvert the will of the American people and their elected President.If anyone can make it stop, it’s Trey Gowdy. This morning Gowdy presented a federal judge with a witness list and set of affidavits asking for warrants to monitor and search the electronic communications of Barack Obama and Joe Biden along with several other key members of Obama’s secret regime.Gowdy will be putting together a new panel to investigate that will only include one Democrat since all of the others are listed as potential witnesses or defendants.Also included on the lost of possible defendants for treason are Speaker Paul Ryan and no less than 6 Republican senators and representatives.While Democrats and the traitor James Comey are busy on the wild Russian goose chase, Trey Gowdy will be busy putting our country back together again. commentsBest free WordPress theme








The hearings on President Trump’s connection with Russia have only shown that Trump is guilty of none of the accusations that the Democrats have thrown at him.And imagine that the same people were wrong when they denied President Trump’s wiretapping claims, that Obama surveilled Trump Tower during the election.And just to make it three times, these same Democrats and media outlets were also wrong when they attacked House Intel Committee Chairman Devin Nunes for going to the White House to get the intel to CONFIRM that Trump was surveilled by a broadly cast net on Trump Tower.The lying media and Democrats tried to use Nunes’ visit to the White House as collusion between Trump and him, but it was the farthest thing from that.There are only two places that Rep. Nunes could have gotten the classified intelligence that he needed to confirm President Trump was surveilled.One is at the intelligence agency itself, but the other one is an after hours room in the White House that is used for access to classified intelligence.The problem with Nunes going to the intelligence agency is that they were stonewalling him and wouldn’t allow him access, so he had to go to the only other place he could.But Nunes didn’t just find out about the surveillance of Trump Tower, but he also discovered that it was put into place way before January.FOX News reporter Adam Housley broke down the entire situation from sources within the intelligence community that are tired of their agencies being politicized.Our sources: This surveillance that led to the unmasking of private names of American citizens started before Trump was the GOP nominee.— Adam Housley (@adamhousley) March 31, 2017Our sources:The person who did the unmasking is "very well known, very high up, very senior, in the intelligence world & is not in the FBI— Adam Housley (@adamhousley) March 31, 2017Our sources: Unmasking the names and then spreading the names was for political purposes that have nothing to do with national security— Adam Housley (@adamhousley) March 31, 2017Our sources: "It had everything to do with hurting and embarrassing Trump and his team"— Adam Housley (@adamhousley) March 31, 2017Intelligence communities were working with the Democrats and Obama to hurt Trump’s name! These people don’t want peace, they want their power back!This just blew up Obamagate! This confirms that Obama surveilled President Trump!Share this everywhere to bring Obama down!     commentsBest free WordPress theme








The illegal immigration problem is an issue in almost every state in the union, but it’s especially prevalent in border states. Those of us that have a literal connection to Mexico are constantly in danger of being overrun by illegals that have neither patriotism to this country, or the intention of gaining any, once they settle in.The increased rate of crime and drug-related deaths since borders have been being ignored has grown to astronomical heights in the South West. And unlike what the liberals would have you believe, it’s not bringing people together; it’s causing even more animosity and distrust of all diverse cultures.When you’ve seen your cities turned into little versions of other countries and watched your citizens have to avoid areas of their beloved state that they used to enjoy, all because some politicians in a far away place with gates and bodyguards say that it’s good for you, that tends to bring down morale.Texas Governor Greg Abbot went on Newsmax TV’s “The Steve Malzberg Show,” to talk about what he’s going to do about it. His idea is simple; he plans to force cities that refused to comply with immigration law and or Immigration and Customs Enforcement to do so by signing legislation that could jail sheriffs of sanctuary cities.Abbot said:“We have been pushing a piece of legislation in Texas that is going to pass that I will be signing into law that imposes even sterner penalties on counties. It will include things such as further defunding them. It will impose fines. And it could impose jail time for these sheriffs to enforce the laws. Oddly enough these sheriffs could wind up behind the very bars they are releasing these criminals from.”Texans have been marginalized and treated like racists for wanting to keep their own land for too long and are ready to get behind the legislation.TX Gov Abbott: I Will Sign Legislation That Could Put Sheriffs of Sanctuary Cities in Jail – Breitbart https://t.co/yRuS9mKaxz— IvanHackyurassov.357 (@SonofLiberty357) March 30, 2017 @HeidiLovesDave1 @Crossbearer1956 @SonofLiberty357 There are several sanctuary cities and they need to stop that nonsense and FOLLOW THE F-ING LAW. Immigration is fine as long as it's LEGAL.— Moe DeLonn (@MoeDelonn) March 30, 2017  As long as there are Texans, they will be fighting for the freedom that has always been ours. We were our own nation once before, and I don’t think it is out of the question that we could be again. Obviously, that’s not the ideal situation, but this is literally life and death for many that live on the border, and we will not do what the politicians in DC have done and forgotten about the problem just because it’s not knocking on our own door.    commentsBest free WordPress theme








Reportedly, the Oklahoma City Thunder and Boston Celtics have agreed to a megadeal. Reminiscent of the Kevin Garnett trade back in 2007, this leaves a number of wide open spots on the Celtics’ roster.Sources say the trade will send Russell Westbrook to the Celtics for Boston’s PF Amir Johnson, PG Isaiah Thomas, C Kelly Olynyk, PG Terry Rozier, and finally SF Gerald Green. The Thunder are expected to soon announce players to be released.The highly secretive talks were resurrected after a falling out a few months back. Sources close to the situation say the deal must still be approved by league offices before being official announced to the public, but the deal IS expected to go through without a hitch.This deal provides a major upgrade to the PG position for the Celtics and the start of a great core starring Westbrook and of course, Al Horford — who the Celtics repeatedly refused to trade.Unlike Westbrook, it was only a matter of time before this passed.The deal likely came as a result of Westbrook’s increasingly disgruntled dealings with the Thunder ownership and their weak attempts at filling out the roster after the departure of Kevin Durant.Westbrook’s 3 year deal from a few months back was clearly to help make it easier for the team to secure a worthwhile trade.Sources also suggest the Thunder may be part of the NBA’s proposed international expanision. The team may be moved to Mexico City in 2018, for a week’s worth of food from a Tijuana taco truck.Stay tuned to the DailyLeak for more updates.








Can a US state really ban a mobile game?Yes, it can when the game is deemed a “threat to the general populace” or a “public menace” based around “a satanic cult” or “hate group”– according to state authorities who refused to be named.It all began on Wednesday when a man in Arkansas named Carter Bryn was arrested for playing Pokemon Go in a major Baptist church. The congregation erupted in anger upon the realization, claiming the game was “Anti-Christian and Aimed Towards Satanists.”Imagine the surprise when what initially appeared to be an unsubstantiated, dubious claim was confirmed by the game’s creator, Satoshi Tajiri. He agreed that the games are clearly tailored towards an anti-Christian sentiment or Satanism. Tajiri admitted as much in a candid interview stating:I mean, some could say that the game supports Satanism. I don’t officially celebrate it, but I can understand why people would be attracted to it.So there you have it. He also admits in the interview that the games were created as a backlash against his overly-Christian parents.In response, Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson denounced the game, claiming those who followed it were preaching hate, violence, and anti-Christian values. This simply would not be allowed in a state with a motto such as Regnat populus, meaning “the people rule” — and not some minority, devil-worshiping cult of miscreants.The ban, effective October 1st, will bring major fines down upon gamers who participate in any Pokemon Go related activities with the city limits of any city in Arkansas with a population over 2,000. The game will still be allowed in rural areas, so enjoy catching those Rattatas and Pidgeys.  Aside a from fine, anyone seen playing the game while driving could potentially be arrested and taken straight to jail. Do not Pokemon Go, do not collect 200 Digletts.This is not the first time Pokemon Go has been banned within a city’s limits, but certainly the first time an entire state has attempted such an endeavor. Des Moines, Washington is also making major strides in banning the game for fear it may be bring death and destruction to its fair town.Stay tuned to the DailyLeak for more important updates! 

        

        
            
            

    (function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "f7d23e60-2668-462f-b2a1-25151fee5050",
            d:  "ZGFpbHlsZWFrLm9yZw==",
            wid: "18990",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content-ad.net/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad18990").appendChild(s);
    })(document);








Kobe Bryant, never ready to turn down a challenge, has agreed to sign with the Golden State Warriors. No, not the Los Angeles Lakers. They are clearly no super-team, and nowhere near winning any sort of anything. Kobe “Bean” Bryant has chosen to only associate himself with greatness from this point forward.Bryant has agreed to suit up in a role better suited for the aging, nearly dead, former star of the world famous Lakers. The role, Bryant admitted, is part of a lifelong dream of his. A dream he’s held onto since he was only but a wee lad. To suit-up daily for a job reserved for only the best athletes, the most prolific of dunkers, and the goofiest of personalities.He knows it will be tough, but he wants only to assure his chance at a new Hall of Fame — for Mascots.Bryant has agreed, in part, to a contract rumored to be in the dozens. This deal will make him the NEW AND IMPROVED Golden State Warriors Mascot!After the Seattle Supersonics changed their name to “Thunder” and moved to Oklahoma City the Warriors have been stuck without a mascot. Theirs was also named Thunder and had to be eliminated. Bryant had been pining for the position with NBA Comissioner Adam Silver and Warriors owners Joe Lacob and Peter Guber throughout the waning years of his career. Finally, his wish was granted and he got the go ahead to create a new character called “The Black Mamba.”Stay tuned to the NBA. The season kicks off October 25, 2016, so get ready for some great Mamba action coming soon.








Late Thursday afternoon President Obama said in a speech to supporters that he wished to seek an unprecedented 3rd term as Commander in Chief. He cited his exemplary work at bringing the country back from the brink of economic catastrophe much like former socially minded, populist leader Franklin Delano Roosevelt.Obama expressed his discontent with the current level of Republican and even Democratic contenders for the Office of President. Ted Cruz he thought, lacks the forward thinking vision of a successful president. Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump he thought were too angry and lacked the personality of a member of the oval office.Flanked by a few of his most ardent Democrat supporters in Congress he announced the urgency to repeal a portion of the Constitution which forbids the president from seeking a 3rd term. Democrats have already pushed forth legislation which should accomplish just that.Obama stated:“I would put [my administration] up against any prior administration since FDR,” Obama said. “We didn’t ask for the challenges that we face, but we don’t shrink from them either.” He continued, “And the truth is, it will take more than a few years for us to solve challenges that have built up over decades. It will require common effort, shared responsibility, and the kind of bold, persistent experimentation that Franklin Roosevelt pursued during the only crisis worse than this one. That is why I wish to pursue another term, so that I may right the wrongs of past Republican leadership, and lead the country to a brighter future.”President Obama will issue an executive order later next week expanding presidential powers and eliminating the 22nd Amendment, according to news reports published by the AP and Reuters. Obama promised in his speech to ensure Americans understand the importance of defeating ISIS, sacrificing a degree of privacy for vital security, and to institute major Wall Street reform. Also on his agenda is a high speed rail system to be finished in 2020 and paid for by new stimulus money he will attempt to push through Congress in 2015. Socially Liberal Democrats and Progressives cheered the move as a major step forward to a more generous nation-state. Citing Republican obstructionism as the main culprit in his failure to implement these policies he promised us back in his campaign of 2008, he claimed a 3rd and possibly 4th term would give him more of the time he so desperately deserved.








“Back To The Future” is coming soon to a theater near you. Robert Zemeckis, director and original Back to the Future is reportedly completely on board.Christopher Lloyd said he would ‘love‘ to return to the trilogy that made him into a famous time-traveling scientist.  That would undoubtably be difficult given Lloyd’s current age of 77. Michael J. Fox is also 54, but both could possibly serve as mentors to a new set of younger actors.
Studio executives have been bombarding all three for some time about a full 3 film reboot. The success of Universal’s “Jurassic World” had reminded that the people who once pined after these original films are now a bit older, have a bit more money, and are desperate for the nostalgia of their youth.
“It’s making them insane that we don’t want to do another ‘Back to the Future,’,” Zemeckis said. His reason? He knows that a reboot would open big, but that’s all they care about.








Donald Trump, “the Moron with a Mouth,”  has grown tired of pandering to liberals, immigrants, and of course, Muslim extremists. Reports close to the President-Elect has said he is responding to HUGE security threats by personally selecting a group of rag-tag mercenaries made up of former military roughnecks and violent psychopathic criminals.The recruits will all be part of a secret government agency tasked with executing black ops missions. They will report directly to ‘The Donald’ himself.Trump reportedly said this to his generals:“I want to put together a team of very bad people who I think can do some good.”Emphasizing his business acumen, he also stated in a heated exchange with Defense Secretary and former General James Mattis:“Getting people to act against their own self interest is what I do for a living.”In exchange for their service, convicts will receive reductions in their sentencing based around the severity and difficulty of the missions completed.Anticipating some push-back from The Batman, Trump started an early campaign in 2013 to turn the Caped Crusader over to his side.Everyone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 18, 2013So far the move has panned out well. Batman still has legitimate concerns that a true supervillain may replace Trump in the White House, such as a Mike Pence or even Lex Luthor.








Bernie Sanders has reportedly come under the microscope of the political watchdogs as accusations concerning the source of his campaign donations have come to light.An undisclosed watchdog group is making waves stating that Senator Sanders received campaign donations from the likes of Socialist presidents such as Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro and Cuban President Raúl Castro.Reports suggest there is no single “smoking gun” showing these donations influenced Sanders’ in writing policy or legislation.Still, critics contend the donations are “clearly illegal” under federal and international law.In his view, a donation by a foreign government to a SuperPac backing Sanders while he’s running for President of the United States is similar to sending money directly to him given their power to influence elections.“The Constitution of the United States states explicitly that a politician cannot take money from foreign governments without explicit permission of the Congress. The danger of corruption in the election system is nearly ,” Greensblatt said. “You had a Senator who says he’s more the people and won’t take corporate money, all the while he’s taking funding from foreign Socialist governments.”He continued, “My point is they took money from foreign governments while he was a Senator. That is clearly criminal in nature.”Sanders had long parroted the ills of capitalism to wanting audiences, particularly the young. Earlier this year he stated, “You don’t necessarily need a choice of 23 underarm spray deodorants or of 18 different pairs of sneakers when children are hungry in this country. I don’t think the media appreciates the kind of stress that ordinary Americans are working on.”Sanders might want to pick up a copy of Economics for Dummies when he’s out an about promoting Marxist Egalitarianism.Sanders has not publicly voiced his support for the Venezuelan Socialist system but he has voiced his support for the British MP, and fellow socialist Jeremy Corbyn, who is not shy about his support for the deceased Hugo Chávez.








Russian President Vladimir Putin says that to avoid the increasing divide between America and Russia on the issues Bernie Sanders must become president.Taking a break from the situation in Syria, Putin found time to watch a replay of the democratic debate.“The clear winner was Sanders. Clinton side-stepped the real issues while Sanders showed his willingness to embrace change. He would be the best choice from all candidates running,” the Russian President stated.Vladimir Putin on Wednesday used RT to criticize the U.S. for failing in Syria and to voice his full support for Democrat Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who reportedly understood his own social and economic agenda.“We support the socialist government of America,” Putin said. Continuing, “Any 4th grade history student knows Capitalism has failed in every country, at every time in history. President Obama and his democrats are either idiots or purposely trying to destroy they own economy. And it’s my deep belief that any actions to the contrary in order to destroy the government will create a lawless situation which you can witness now in the other countries in the West.”Putin stated that Sanders must win to reduce gun violence in America and achieve lasting peace between their two countries.“When the state of Missouri deployed the National Guard to quell protests in Ferguson we were witness to American violence and destructiveness. Sanders, with his his experience, he can help them deal with their own extremists instead of creating new ones in Syria,” said Putin.We will have to wait and see if the Senator from Vermont can capture the nomination and the presidency.








(function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "72ed64d7-d456-4baf-bc1f-597c222c887c",
            d:  "ZGFpbHlsZWFrLm9yZw==",
            wid: "197261",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content-ad.net/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad197261").appendChild(s);
    })(document);

                    
        

        

        
            
            

    (function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "f7d23e60-2668-462f-b2a1-25151fee5050",
            d:  "ZGFpbHlsZWFrLm9yZw==",
            wid: "18990",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content-ad.net/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad18990").appendChild(s);
    })(document);








The Washington Wizards announced they are finalizing a sign and trade deal to acquire Kevin Durant from the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday morning. The trade will reportedly net the Thunder franchise significant picks and cash considerations.Rumors had been swirling since the summer that Durant’s frustration is in winning a championship. Sources say frustration with the team’s unwillingness to spend big in free agency also encouraged Durant’s early departure.Durant had unabashedly stated his interest in the Wizards in earlier interviews saying, “Believe it or not, I wanted to play for the Washington Wizards, that was my favorite team. They were a new team when I was growing up, so I wanted to be a part of that.”John Wall went out of his way to woo the star small forward from her former franchise:“We’re really close. And like I said, when the opportunity arrived to go ahead and throw a pitch at him, I had to take the opportunity to do it. I will love playing with him because I know how talented he is.”A representative from the Thunder released a statement saying, “We are honored and blessed to have worked with Kevin during eight wonderful seasons in Oklahoma City. We wish him the best in the future.”Durant is reportedly pushing Agent Jay-Z to build him up as a larger, worldwide brand. Seeing the reception Lebron received in returning to his hometown of Cleveland likely encouraged Durant to follow his lead and pursue a trade to his hometown team in D.C.








In a controversial effort to cut losses and get something out of their beleaguered, oft-injured quarterback owner Jerry Jones decided to donate Tony Romo’s body to science.Jerry Jones stated, “we valued our time with Tony, but at some point we have to make a business decision. There appears to be a profit in this and literally no revenue streams should be left untapped. At this time cutting up our losses and selling them to the highest bidder just makes the most sense. Going forward, Cassell makes the most sense. I only hope Matt understands the consequences of poor play.”The Dallas Cowboys are also considering bringing in 41 year old Terrell Owens, but for what we’re not really sure, possibly to replace the injured wide receiver Dez Bryant.Jones called Romo Wednesday to inform him that he would donated to Planned Parenthood so that his brain and organs could be harvested for science. Romo reportedly did not responded positively, even shedding some tears at one point, but realized it was the best decision for the organization going forward. Jones congratulated him for taking one for the team.Jones also stated he at one point wish to sign Tim Tebow but thought he might not agree with his recent business decision.








Fox, Disney, and Sony all own the movie rights to certain Marvel properties. Disney, who bought Marvel Entertainment back in 2009, controlled the majority of Marvel characters, but desperately wanted to acquire X-Men and Fantastic Four.Relations between Disney and Fox had been sour for some time up until recently when Disney made a deal to get one of Marvel’s most famous characters, Spider-man. We’ll see him first in the upcoming 2016 film Captain America: Civil War.In recent years Marvel Studios has been quietly moving to reacquire all its proprietary superhero characters such as Namor, Quicksilver, and the Scarlet Witch that it had sold off in order to avoid bankruptcy.Sources say it appears they’ve finally acquired the rights to the properties that had escaped their grasp.ScreenSlush reportedly sat down with Kevin Feige to talk about whether Marvel and Disney were now free to make an X-Men or Fantastic Four movie, and his answer was a resounding yes. Albeit with a caveat.It’s slightly more complicated than that. Let’s put it this way –we’ve removed some of the previous entanglements but there are still some hurdles to jump through. There are contracts that involve other parties. We now about the means to move forward with X-Men but there will still be dealings with Fox. As opposed to an Iron Man or Thor, where we can just throw them in, this is a little bit more complicated.Movie rights for the Marvel Cinematic Universe and related properties have become quite complex. No single studio owns the rights to all the Marvel characters. In this case it looks like 20th Century Fox has not given up rights to the X-Men and Fantastic Four franchises, but we could likely see crossovers in film similar to what we’re seeing with Quicksilver, the Scarlet Witch, and in the upcoming Captain America: Civil War movie starring Tom Holland as Spider-man.We will have to wait and see how Kevin Feige and the management at Marvel Studios choose to integrate their newly acquired characters into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.








A worry Seattle Seahawks fans have long been dreading finally came to fruition this morning. Anonymous sources the Seahawks sent SS Kam Chancellor to the Eagles for Center Jason Kelce and a 4th round pick.This move should help both teams solidify struggling parts of their respective squads. The Eagles secondary has given up too many big plays in the first two games of the season and the Seahawks have been struggling mightily in pass protection. Seahawks Drew Nowak may shift over to original position at defensive tackle. We could also see Malcom Jenkins move to his cornerback.“There’s been a lot of speculation regarding Chancellor being traded for the last few weeks,” an anonymous source stated. “The Seahawks and Kam Chancellor’s agent were simply to far apart on contract numbers.”Chancellor has shown little regard for fans on Twitter, blocking every fan who comments on his contract negotiations.Kam Chancellor’s blocking skills are so good on twitter he may consider coming back as an offensive lineman #Seahawks #liveonkomo— MIKE FERRERI (@MikeKOMOsports) September 16, 2015With Kam Chancellor coming back late in the season season there are some worries about him being in game shape, as well as his ability to quickly learn and help to improve the Eagles defense. Head coach Chip Kelly will have to grease the wheels to put the 0-2 team in serious playoff contention in the NFC East. Given the unfortunate injuries to Dez Bryant and Tony Romo overtaking the 2-0 Cowboys is looking a tad easier.In response Chancellor reportedly deleted his Twitter account then stomped his feet, flailed his arms around wildly, and threw a massive tantrum. Earl Thomas tried to get Kam to hug it out but Kam pushed him away.








Bill Belichick’s historic juggernaut that is the New England Patriots has searched far and wide for a quarterback to serve as Tom Brady’s replacement during the first 4 games of the upcoming suspension. From Tim Tebow, to Matt Flynn, to 45 year old quarterbacks, there don’t appear to be many options out there for this enigmatic franchise. Brady is expected to be out four games for his participation in #deflategate. He is currently appealing the decision with Commissioner Roger Goodell and the NFL. The penalty could be reduced to 2 games, or as fans hope, eliminated completely.In the meantime, Belichick needs insurance that his team will have a functional QB when the season starts. Aside from a couple otherworldly performances from Matt Flynn his career has a starter has been lackluster at best. This has left the Patriots’ head coach scratching his head and searching for creative answers. With the season slowly inching closer Belichick went back to the old NFL stalwart, Brett Favre.Per a league source, Favre has been released from the reserve/retired list. This allowed Favre to enter the waiver wire. Fortunately for the Patriots no other team even considered signing 45-year old Favre.The detailed are still be finalized but reports say he signed a heavily incentivized 1-year, $2.2 million dollar contract with New England. Most of his salary is dependent on his performance. The gunslinger will surely be prepared to conquer his foes on the field, ripped beard and all.Favre told reporters,“I can play,” Favre said. “As far as throwing. Of course, look at those ducks Peyton Manning throws in comparison to what I can do.” **flexes bicep**“Do I think I could play and lead a team? Look, no. But I could play. I could make all the throws I made before, I just couldn’t throw it near as far, but that never matters anyway.”








Stan Lee, long-time clairvoyant concerning everything in the Marvel universe, was hospitalized late Monday night after a long night on the set of Captain America: Civil War.Lee had been discussing the finer points of freedom, liberty, and true heroism with none other than Steve Rogers, or Captain America himself. Suddenly a flash! A bolt of lightning ripped out of the sky hitting him abruptly. Bang! The strike bounced off Lee and struck a container marked “Hazardous” releasing a burst of gamma radiation. This left the pugnacious Lee temporarily paralyzed. Why the actors were left on set in such precarious circumstances we may never know.Rogers quickly jumped into action and stopped Lee’s fall by catching Lee on his shield before he could hit the ground. An ambulance quickly arrived on scene and Rogers placed Lee into the back. In Rogers report he stated Lee had quietly moaned, “Excelsior!” before he shut the ambulance door.At the hospital in Atlanta, Georgia the enigmatic provocateur was placed into a containment unit in order to protect family, friends, and hospital workers from being exposed to any radiation. Although visitors were allowed into the late night their movements and interactions were strictly monitored.Around 2AM Lee insisted he be left alone for the night so he could get some rest. Reports show shortly thereafter, at around 3AM, a female figure with blonde hair, dressed in provocatively red attire appeared on the East wing of the hospital. She appeared not far from where Lee had been sleeping and appeared to be setting fires indiscriminately. Was she manifesting fire out of thin air?The figure made her way to Lee’s containment unit where she, possibly with the help of another, mysteriously moved from the hallway into Lee’s room without even opening a door. While there she administered a vial to the sleeping patient.An anonymous tipster called in at 6AM saying Lee would be visited by an Assassin known as Candra. However, it was too late. The deed had been done. It was too late to upgrade security. The local police and fire department had been too busy getting citizens to safety and putting out the growing fire.Lee woke up the next morning appearing fresh and considerably younger looking, albeit with a bit of a green hue, almost as if he’d been granted a new lease on life.








Hillary may have finally been stopped by the IRS of all agenciesWhat do Al Capone and Hillary Clinton have in common?On the surface, you would be correct in scratching your head and shrugging your shoulders; any of us would. After all, one is a notorious insider in the world of organized graft and corruption with allegations surrounding them of murders and ‘suicides’ to informants with scores of broken careers, lives, and blood on their hands. The other is Al ‘Scarface’ Capone, head of one of America’s most notorious prohibition era mobs.If you look with a discerning eye, similarities do emerge. Hillary Clinton was born in Chicago, Al Capone ran his underworld empire from there. Both grew up in the hard politics and life that is Chicago, Hillary in the elite circles, Capone buying off those in elite circles. Both have countless disappearances, mysteries, and deaths surrounding them.AdvertisementThere may very well be another link. A link that will astound and surprise many of you, the Federal Agency that ultimately hastens their downfall. It looks like that the very same agency that took down Capone in the 30’s when trafficking of alcohol, murder, and racketeering charges wouldn’t stick is potentially the same agency that will take down Hillary: the IRS.What goodies await us in The Clinton vaults?The Internal Revenue Service is investigating claims of ‘pay-to-play’ practices at the Clinton Foundation. Former prosecutor Katie Phang says an investigation such as this is usually serious but maybe not in this case. “Well, actually, normally I would say it’s pretty serious but we’ve seen with the whole Lois Lerner kind of email situation maybe it’s not going to be that heavy,” said Phang adding that the IRS should be as tough on the foundation as it would be with any other group.“Is the IRS really standing for the ‘Ineffective Review Service’ and not the Internal Revenue Service?  Is the tax exempt investigation that’s going to occur on the Clinton Foundation really going to reveal anything? Well, it should,” Phang told the FOX Business Network’s Ashley Webster.AdvertisementRep. Martha Blackburn (R-Tenn) has been leading a year-long push to investigate the Clinton use of funds which includes letters sent to the IRS and the FTC.For Blackburn, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is not a team builder. For over a year, Blackburn has been questioning the how the Clinton Foundation operates. She started with the IRS and followed up the Federal Trade Commission. “We sent a letter after the first of the year to the FTC asking about the charity [Clinton Foundation] and whether it was a scam charity,” she alleges that the Clinton Foundation gives about 15% of its donations to its missions far below the 50%-75%, other charities commit.“Interestingly enough what we heard back from them (FTC) was it was not a sham charity,” she added while noting that some charities have been shut down for giving less than 50%.At the Republican National Convention, she told FOXBusiness.com that the Clinton Foundation gives about 15% of its donations to its missions far below the 50%-75%, other charities commit. Despite her allegations, she said, “Interestingly enough what we heard back from them (FTC) was it was not a sham charity.”Advertisement“But is [IRS Commissioner] John Koskinen really going to look into the Clinton Foundation? It seems a little quid pro quo these days in terms of how the Clintons work with other people, so I’m not sure my confidence level is that high.” Conservative lawmakers are calling for Koskinen to be impeached for the way the IRS allegedly handled politically active nonprofits.In the end, Hillary is nothing more that a mobster in a pantsuitThe Democratic Party is no stranger to dealing with underworld elements. Rumors abound at the Kennedy Family’s ties to organized crime; there is the Daley’s of Chicago; Tammany Hall in New York; Jimmy Hoffa, the unions, and organized crime. So it would not at any lengths stretch the imagination to assume that the Clintons picked up a pointer or two on how to run a corrupt organization.When you think about it, one should be surprised if the DNC is not more run like an organized crime outfit. This past election cycle certainly showed that they know how to put the fix in and throw their own under the bus.Which brings us to the books and what may hide in the Clinton Vault.  Unlike the Geraldo Rivera episode on Al Capone’s vault, this one will reveal criminal collusion and conspiracy that could take down the current Administration (another Chicago alumni), several key corporate players from around the world and possibly right up to George Soros himself.AdvertisementUntil the IRS starts looking, we have no idea what goodies are hidden in their records. It will be earth-shattering, to say the least.Which makes it imperative that we install a new IRS commissioner, one that is not a lackey of Clinton of Obama; a commissioner that is dedicated to enforcing the tax code fairly and firmly, not inventing reasons to audit some while scrutinizing others as a form of political retribution.We need a strong IRS to track the trail of money, wherever it leads, willing to prosecute wrongdoing and blow the lid off all the secrets of the Clintons.Whether it is payoffs to Bill’s victims, pay for play access that nations and corporations that were corrupt bought to sway our government or even pizza sales, the whole unvarnished truth must be revealed. In the end, it will be revealed that Hillary Clinton is nothing more than a mobster in a pantsuit.Al Capone, Hillary and Bill Clinton, Barack Obama in this latest scandal involving the corrupt nature of Chicago-land politics and ways of doing business is falling victim to a saying of another Illinois politician, “You can fool some of the people all the time, and all the people some of the time. But you cannot fool all the people all of the time.”Abraham Lincoln is right in that regard, after 8 years of dirty dealing by the Obama’s and over 30 years of it from the Clintons, their attempts at fooling all the American people have finally starting to come to an end.Share:








Progressive liberal and Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos caught in bed with CIAWhen writing the 1st Amendment to the Constitution, one area of speech the Founders were specifically interested in protecting was that of a free press. They saw the press as a sort of fourth branch of government, one that would keep the “checks and balances” of the other three branches honest.However, over time the same press that was given protection has eroded into a propaganda machine driven by money and political agendas of those who own the media outlets. They have crawled into bed with the very entities they are to keep in “check” and bust out if corrupted.As such is the Mainstream Media today and one the American people no longer trust, and rightfully so given what is being exposed in recent years.AdvertisementThe majority of people do not know Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos purchased the Washington Post and is now the sole owner with no editorial board or ethical review committees to oversee the actions of Bezos as a publisher, much less the courage to stand against the new “boss.”It begs to question: How is Bezos connected to questionable intelligence leaks in recent months?What does he have to do with the sudden disruption of web services that kept millions from accessing whistle blowing website, WikiLeaks, during its explosive releases of state department cables?WikiLeaks Did A Lot Of Damage Against HillaryAdvertisementCables containing inside information revealing corruption within American politics linked to former secretary of state, and presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton.The majority of Americans do not know ‘leaked” CIA documents to undermine a new president and administration were leaked through the Washington Post first and after Bezos took the helm of “America’s newspaper.”Much worse and even more suspicious is the majority of the people have not been informed that Bezos landed a $600 million federal contract and by who? The CIA.The “deal” is for a computing cloud developed by Amazon Web Services (AWS). It also just happens AWS services all 17 agencies within the US intelligence community.AdvertisementAn unholy alliance in which Bezos stands to gain many more millions by pacifying and working with the CIA through his publication The Washington Post. “Leaks” and “information” Bezos will publish without question, without proper verification and journalistic sourcing.The CIA will now have its own propaganda publication to do whatever it likes in misinforming and manipulating the American people and the voters.Vital information intentionally withheld from the American people, as Bezos uses the Post to forge pocket lining government contracts while promoting his own personal political agenda.Is this lack of reporting of the Bezos/CIA partnership by the MSM the result of massive incompetency? Or a very well organized cover up within the MSM inner circle of four or five elitists who now own six companies that control over 90 percent of MSM outlets?The same outlets which through diverse company divisions own every television station and newspaper in this country with the exception of very small, weekly community publications and certain Christian networks. Even many of those community weeklies have been scooped up by larger publication divisions.AdvertisementAre we connecting the dots at each cross section of intertwining strings holding together this corrupt spider web? A vast interlocking network designed to lure and trap average American citizens into its carefully woven web of manipulation and deceit.The Washington Post is the most widely known and respected news outlet in the world, reaching more people than any other publication including the NY Times. It has always been the standard in which journalistic ethics are established and adhered to by other publications. It sets the example to be followed by the everyday journalists out there on the beat trying to do their jobs.By utilizing the internet and social media, the Post has literally millions of subscribers and followers reading and watching online video on a daily basis. It is the media center of the nation’s capital and the eye of the DC political belt.Control the Washington Post and you control the message; the MSM and the “agenda.”“The Post is unquestionably the political paper of record in the United States, and how it covers governance sets the agenda for the balance of the news media,” journalism scholar Robert W. McChesney revealed to Altenet.org in a December investigative article.“Citizens need to know about this conflict of interest in the columns of the Post itself,” he added.In the same article, a statement released by the Public Institute of Advocacy quoted McChesney as saying:“If some official enemy of the United States had a comparable situation — say the owner of the dominant newspaper in Caracas was getting $600 million in secretive contracts from the Maduro government — the Post itself would lead the howling chorus impaling that newspaper and that government for making a mockery of a free press. It is time for the Post to take a dose of its own medicine.”If this alliance between the CIA and Bezos isn’t illegal, then it is certainly unethical and displays a huge conflict of interest while also exposing the corruption existing within the MSM. The main sources of news and information Americans sought and believed, until the rise of alternative media outlets.Alternative sources of information the MSM bash and attempt daily to discredit as “fake news,” when “fake,” misleading and sometimes right out lies being spread across social media come out of the MSM and pseudo extremist left-wing sites erected simply to misinform and confuse the American voter.Soros Funds A Lot Of These Media SourcesMany Facebook pages and websites that have “popped” up over the past several years whose resources and money are being funded by George Soros’s well oiled “Media Matters” machine. Just one of many “nonprofit” organizations extending from his Open Society Foundation.Soros also has imbedded ties to many MSM outlets including The New York Times, the Associated Press, NBC and ABC and here it is again, the Washington Post. Readers are urgently encouraged to research Soros, his history and his worldwide organizations.Altnet also writes, “Amazon’s offer wasn’t the low bid, but it won the CIA contract anyway by offering advanced high-tech ‘cloud’ infrastructure.”So how is at a time government should be pinching pennies due to the increasing national debt, the CIA passed over lower bidders for the contracted services?The answer tracks back to the infamous blocking of the WikiLeaks website by Bezos’s company Amazon Web Services (AWS), a service Bezos personally and publicly brags is the most advanced and best high-tech “cloud” infrastructure on the market.“WikiLeaks was booted from Amazon’s webhosting service AWS. So, at the height of public interest in what WikiLeaks was publishing, readers were unable to access the WikiLeaks website,” reported watchdog group Fair in 2013.So why did AWS give WikiLeaks the boot? Most likely at the bequest of the CIA, whom Bezos has been doing business with since 2013 when the $600 million contract was awarded to AWS. Bezos also has close ties to the Clintons and backed Hillary in her failed run for the presidency, both in the 2008 primary campaign and in 2016 as the Democrat nominee.Bezos also publicly voices open contempt for President Trump, and his policies. He recently was behind the Washington challenge to Trump’s 90-day immigration ban and threatened suit himself in an email to his employees, as was reported on this site.Bezos, without any reference to stock holders input or lack of agreement, said he will put the full resources at Amazon to defeat the policy and implied his mission of taking down President Trump.Bezos led the charge against General Flynn using his solely owned Washington Post.It was Bezos’s Washington Post that first leaked documents and led the charge to discredit Trump’s national security advisor cabinet pick. General Michael Flynn was forced to resign due to the unverified information touted in the “leaks.” Flynn was cleared by the FBI of any wrongdoing in those leaks. But the damage was already done.In recent days, it has been revealed the CIA has full intention of attempting a coup to remove Trump from office, even though “The Donald” was democratically elected by American voters in a free election.And it appears in the CIA is in conspiracy with Bezos’s plan to use the Washington Post to achieve a mutual goal: to disrupt and destroy President Trump and his administration. A goal that has no regard or concern for national security or the safety and well-being of American citizens.Any impact on the average citizen, including possible loss of life by terrorist attacks is considered “collateral damage.”In an exchange of tweets on Feb. 15, John Schindler, former NSA analyst and national security columnist for the Observer answered a question asking what he thought was going on at the NSA right now. Schneider responded, citing a friend in the intelligence community reference to Trump:Now we go nuclear. IC war going to new levels. Just got an EM fm senior IC friend, it began: "He will die in jail."https://t.co/e6FxCclVqT— John Schindler (@20committee) February 15, 2017Which begs a bigger question than the unethical alliance between the CIA, Bezos and his Washington Post:Could Trump be impeached? Of is he in danger of befalling the same fate as President Kennedy? Being a previous “anti-establishment” president, Kennedy sought to disengage from the Vietnam conflict and dissolve the Federal Reserve, but was assassinated.Actions that directly impacted the CIA and wealthy elitists.Share:








Sick Bill Knows He Has Been ExposedLast night, October 10th, Donald Trump served and represented the Conservative party well during the second presidential debate. Friday, October 7th, a tape of Trump saying some unfavorable things magically surfaced before the big date was scheduled to air live.However, Trump didn’t let this phase him. He was confident, dominant, and displayed every quality a noble leader should when he was on stage against Hillary Clinton.Hillary Knows She Is In TroubleAdvertisementHe clearly mopped the floor with crooked Hillary, despite what CNN reports.Hillary Clinton said, “You know, it is uh, it’s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country.” Donald J. Trump nonchalantly replied, “Because you’d be in jail.”The crowd roared.We all know Trump is not the most politically correct individual and he thrives on speaking his mind. This is the reason he is favorable among many Republicans and appealing to undecided voters. However, the tape of Trump hitting on a married woman from eleven years ago made many Republicans worry Trump would retaliate against Clinton for campaigning against him, calling him a misogynistic, egotistic man.AdvertisementBut, something happened shortly after the old tape was released, something that has never happened before– Donald Trump apologized for what he has said.In a statement made by Trump himself, “The Donald” can be seen taking responsibility for his words. He owned up to something poor he said over a decade ago, humbling himself in the process, reminding us all that his adventures during this presidential campaign have helped him grow as a person.Working closely with blue-collared employees and listening to their grievances has helped him become a better man. You can see the sincerity but ferocity in Donald Trump’s eyes as he realizes what he has said years ago is wrong yet there is nothing he can do to change it.If that is the game Clinton is playing, then that is the game the Republican party should throw back in her face. Words said versus actions performed decades ago. Let’s see how the treatment of women pans out for Clinton and why she’s recently scrubbed the statement, “Rape victims have a right to be believed” off of her website (she plugs during each presidential debate).AdvertisementHillary could have retracted this statement given that Bill Clinton has assaulted many women and she destroyed a twelve year old rape victim in court years ago, but we are talking about the Clintons.Coming to light Friday NOT covered by the paid-off mainstream media is Juanita Broaddrick, a rape victim of Bill Clinton’s. According to Breitbart, Juanita was allegedly raped when she was thirty five years old in Arkansas. Her terrifying story sheds light to a gruesome attack by Bill Clinton and also Hillary Clinton, who tried to cover up, bully and intimidate the woman, attempting to ruin Juanita’s life. Hillary didn’t care that Bill was cheating or raping women and young girls, she only cared that he got caught and she had to clean up the messes.Juanita Broaddrick is not the only alleged victim of rape by Bill Clinton to step forward, Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey also made their presence known at Sunday night’s debate in St Louis, Missouri. All of these women testified that Bill Clinton forced himself onto them and bit their faces so hard that their faces were bruised and bleeding.AdvertisementTasteful, strategic and well thought out, Trump stood next to Hillary Clinton triumphantly as these four women looked at him as a knight in shining armor. He was going to slay the wicked witch who became a living nightmare for these victims of Bill Clinton’s sexual assault. Actions do speak louder than words, after all.Kathy Shelton, the twelve year old that Hillary Clinton called a liar and told the court “fantasized about older men” was also there, supporting Trump. No one asks to be raped and surely no one asks about the extremities of this then-child’s anguish of being beaten so badly and raped so viciously that the child fell into a coma for ten days and had to be “stitched up down there”. Kathy also was told after the incident that she would never be able to have children.She still cries about the attack to this day, but she is being strong, standing up for herself and rape victims everywhere in joining Trump at the debate. After Hillary represented the monster that raped Kathy when she was twelve, Hillary laughed in a recording, “He took a lie detector test! I had him take a polygraph, which he passed, which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs (chuckling and laughing).” These are the real words of an evil monster- these are words correlated with heinous actions we must be disgusted by.Let’s be real here, in 2005, Donald Trump was a business man and reality star king. He was not a politician and had no reason to care about what he said, he was just trying to fit in with the Hollywood crowd and never had to watch his steps. It’s very easy to be criticized by people like Hillary Clinton and her colleagues, who have been involved with politics nearly their entire lives and also by people that do not live an extravagant, billionaire lifestyle.Trump supporters feared that Donald Trump would bring up Bill Clinton’s past with alleged rape, getting involved in a messy back and forth with Clinton, taking attention away from the true topics and policies at hand during the second debate. Presidential debates are a platform to discuss economics and how to solve problems, not throw insults at one another like a five year old. Trump gave a stellar performance during the second debate, staying on topic and appearing to be very comfortable, not falling for Hillary Clinton’s bait. Trump is right- actions are louder than words and those four women being at the debate had a huge impact on the ambiance of the night.The first debate on September 26th was rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton. In the following video, you can clearly see the likes of a computer screen or teleprompter go off after the debate ends. Watch as the lights have already come on, people have already risen and then suddenly, her podium top fades into black. Trump’s podium never changes.A man quickly gathers things from Clinton’s podium, which is also slightly smaller than Trump’s, making her appear to be bigger and more powerful than she really is. Dressed in a bright red pantsuit, she definitely appeared larger than she normally does. They always say ‘watch out for the lady in red’.It is also suggested by major world pro poker player and other poker pros, Mike Matusow, that Clinton was signaling the moderator, Lester Holt, so Clinton could get her zingers in. It is also leaked that Clinton had the questions a week in advance and that the Clinton campaign intimidated Lester Holt or paid him off.She did seem rather confident and scripted and it is because the first debate was corrupt. It was like Trump did more debating with Lester Holt than he did with Hillary Clinton.All claims that Trump was domineering and creepily following Hillary Clinton around the stage to “intimidate her” are completely wrong and false. Trump was cheated out of the first debate and he did not want to be cheated out again. It is also safe to say this corrupt woman is paying $200,000,000 to slander Trump’s name and bring up distasteful things he’s said decades ago.Yes, decades ago, These remarks were made years ago, not yesterday.Words versus actions from years ago–who’s the true champion of women?Share:








ICE was sent to enforce the law in Austin, Texas, and Trump’s policies were badmouthed by the city.The internet is alive with stories about criminals who got caught because they are simply stupid. It may seem like a crass thing to say, but it is nonetheless quite accurate. Videos exist of drug dealers flaunting pounds of cocaine on Facebook, threatening to kill Donald Trump on You Tube and of culprits who would never have seen justice if they had not boasted of their crimes as if they were an accomplishment. This is essentially what Austin, Texas, did by badmouthing Trump. They painted a big target on their own heads, so to speak, and hunting season has arrived. Austin, it seems, is not immune to the law.This happened when Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) purposefully targeted the city following a breakdown in talks between ICE officials and local Austin City authorities. This was the opinion of U.S. Magistrate Judge Andrew Austin on Tuesday. ICE has reported that at least fifty people were arrested in the Texas city in the “early part of last month,” following a “federal crackdown” that came into being after Trump was sworn into office, according to Yahoo News.Austin, Texas, is trying to PROTECT those that broke the law and are being deported for it.AdvertisementIt is said that the raids started after Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez had a meeting with the ICE field office director with the goal of defining Trump’s plans regarding the border, sanctuary cities (like Austin), and what “new immigration guidelines” were going to be. Those guidelines meant that more detentions and deportations are to happen nationwide, something that Hernandez was simply not about hearing. It was far easier for the SHERIFF to break the law, something that many criminals in Austin would also like the “right” to do. Rather than doing the right thing, the sheriff crafted a policy that actually worked to limit the local law enforcement from working with ICE.The Judge did say that a warning was given by those cited only as “immigration officials” that Austin “could expect a big operation, agents coming in from out of town.” It was also said that the action was “a result of the sheriff’s new policy, that this was going to happen.” This means that Trump is NOT about to have his authority questioned, the border neglected, or the Constitution disobeyed any longer. If this action angers every leftist from here to the tomb of Karl Marx, then the President is willing to take the backlash and bad press. He is not about to let Judge Austin IN Austin (as confusing as that may sound) ruin his plans. The same truth is likely to be discovered in many areas of wayward California, too.An Austin sheriff who was once robbed in broad daylight is discovering that border laws matter and WILL be enforced.While addressing the move by ICE, the Judge complained, “That’s the one we heard about where 50-some-odd people were arrested. My understanding is, what was [sic] told to us is, one of the reasons that [the raid] happened is because the meetings that had occurred between the field office director and the sheriff didn’t go very well.” He seems perplexed that he get penalized for not obeying the law, yet he rules from his bench daily, inflicting justice upon everyone who stands before him. It is almost a paradox to even call him a judge at this point.AdvertisementThis is not something that will linger about in the news cycle for a moment or two, nab a few headlines and be over with. This is a fundamental change back to the Constitution, the very law of the land, and that means a permanent change. The border laws and the power to regulate them are in the founding document for a reason. Without it, our jobs pay less, our communities are less safe and the whole nation gets saddled with ever rising costs. Feeding, educating and giving medical care to Americans is hard enough, doing so for those that are not even legally in the nation is preposterous. If this problem of open borders and sanctuary cities are allowed to continue, then the living conditions and quality of life for all Americans will keep going downward.Some illegals mooch off of the school system that taxpayer’s foot the bill for and brag about it. Could the “paid tuition” (pictured) not have gone to an American, regardless of race?There are a lot of cities that get money from Big Brother for things like law enforcement that will be getting much less if they do not adhere to the rules. Why should the taxpayer’s give full allotted money to police officers who are only going to be doing part of their job? We have asked before that if cities that illegally claim “sanctuary city” status are going to not enforce the full law and do their full job, then why should the federal government give them full funding? That is an idea that makes no sense at all, for it is a paycheck, not an entitlement or a charity.This judge also breaks the very will of the people in half. It can not be said enough that the people of America elected Donald Trump for a reason. That was so that, among other things, the border can be pulled as tightly as a drawstring purse. Those who wish to come and work or live in America are welcome to do so as long as they show up at the registration office, not pogoing over the fence.AdvertisementThese are common sense demands that every nation that isn’t run by guerrilla armies have. The Democrats in America today will worry and waffle on whether or not sharia Islam can have what amounts to borders in illegal caliphate establishments in the U.S, but the real legal border they detest. Everything is backwards and nonfunctional on the left side of the aisle, and it gets worse and worse with each passing day.The left has NO morals when it comes to illegal border crossing and amnesty because they want to make the migrants Democrats. That is the only motive.More than anything else, that is why Clinton lost. Trump listens to the people. Some even suggest that his populist stances are not even his real beliefs, but merely reflections of his base. While this is not likely factual, let us pretend that it is. Who cares? We don’t WANT our president giving us his views, we want him executing OURS. That is the whole message that the left can not yet grasp. Russia had nothing to do with Trump’s election to the White House, but it turns out, Mexico did. No, they did not hack Clinton, either, but they certainly helped us understand who to vote for.Share:








Donald Trump called the dossier “fake news” and Buzzfeed “a failing pile of garbage.”Cyprus-based Russian businessman Aleksei Gubarev is suing Buzzfeed for defamation after they published an unproven 35-page dossier linking him to a supposed conspiracy theory. It claimed that Russian intelligence attacked the computers of Democratic Party leadership and blackmailed Donald Trump with lurid sex tapes. The suit alleges that Buzzfeed has done personal and financial harm to himself, his wife and his companies.At the time the complaint was filed, the dossier had been viewed 5.9 million times. Gubarev’s attorneys wrote that Gubarev “has found his personal and professional reputation in tatters” and that his wife has received harassment online.Gubarev runs a business of considerable scope. He is chairman and CEO of XBT Holdings, which owns Webzilla Inc., a Dallas based web hosting company. Gubarev operates 75,000 computer servers total worldwide. Both companies are mentioned in the dossier.AdvertisementGubarev denies all allegations contained in the dossier. He told the McClatchy DC Bureau that despite his role in the dossier no United States authorities have contacted him. With a vast global array of servers, Gubarev is highly aware and sensitive to any hacking or cyber-attacks against him.Tucker Carlson confronted Ben Smith, editor of Buzzfeed News, over his decision to publish the dossier.The dossier alleges that Gubarev’s companies, XBT Holdings and Webzilla Inc., used “botnets and porn traffic to transmit viruses, plant bugs, steal data and conduct ‘altering operations’ against the Democratic Party leadership.” The dossier also claims that Gubarev was “recruited under duress by the FSB.” The FSB is the intelligence organization that succeeded the KGB after the fall of the Soviet Union. Gubarev’s attorneys assert that these claims are wholly false.This is the same dossier that includes the now infamous “golden showers” claim. It says that while in Moscow in 2013 Donald Trump paid Russian prostitutes to urinate on a bed that Barack and Michelle Obama had slept in, supposedly as a way of expressing his deep hatred for the Obamas. The dossier claims that Russian intelligence is holding proof of this occurrence over Trump’s head, compromising his ability to act in America’s interests as President.AdvertisementThere is no proof for the validity of the material in the dossier, and the document has been widely viewed as a complete fabrication. Nonetheless, it has provided fodder for Donald Trump’s enemies to make insinuations against his character and his loyalty to the country.In March 2016, a Florida jury awarded pro-wrestler Hulk Hogan $115 million in damages. He successfully sued Gawker Media for violation of privacy after they published a sex tape that damaged his career. This court decision led Gawker to close down the same year. It later turned out that tech-giant Peter Thiel, who is now an advisor to Donald Trump, donated $10 million to help fund Hogan’s case against Gawker, which outed Thiel as a gay man in 2007. Also according to Thiel, Gawker “ruined people’s lives for no reason.”Hulk Hogan was awarded $115 million by a Florida court in a lawsuit against Gawker.Gawker and Buzzfeed are similar types of outlets, and this could be an interesting case to watch, as a successful businessman goes after this media company for publishing rumors damaging to his career. It was a Florida jury that sided with Hogan, and Gubarev’s legal team is fighting to pursue the lawsuit in Florida. Buzzfeed wants to have it proceed in New York. Gubarev’s attorneys contest that request in their latest filing, arguing that there is grounds for conducting the trial in Florida and that Buzzfeed simply wants a New York court because it will be more favorable to them.AdvertisementBuzzfeed News Editor Ben Smith, who made the decision to publish the dossier, defended his decision by saying that the public deserved to have access to this information. He argued that because many people in the media and government had seen the dossier, and certain people were referring to it as evidence, the public ought to see it too.It is an interesting argument, and it is worth keeping in mind that the obviously false nature of the document undermines the credibility of news organizations and people in government and the intelligence community who were treating it as serious. It arguably helps Donald Trump in the long run to have this absurd document exposed.On the other hand, its release has implanted the meme into the minds of committed opponents and haters of Trump that he really is compromised by the Russians. And when someone wants to stoop low in slandering the President, they can allude to this dossier. It would be absurd to think that Ben Smith did not know that releasing this document would do damage to Donald Trump, even if there are some potential upsides for Trump.There is of course no potential upside for the Russian businessman Gubarev.During a press conference Donald Trump called Buzzfeed a “failing pile of garbage.” The non-news side of Buzzfeed has produced divisive, aggressively anti-white content.AdvertisementThe dossier was put together by former British intelligence agent Christopher Steele, and given to the FBI by Sen. John McCain (R-AZ). Steele is the director of London-based Orbis Business Intelligence. Steele was an officer for MI6, the foreign intelligence agency of the British government. He has declined to be interviewed by newspapers. He was born in Saudi Arabia, and was known as a “confirmed Socialist” during his days at Cambridge University. He was recruited straight out of Cambridge into MI6 and worked as an agent in Moscow.The way the dossier came into being reveals the widespread bipartisan fear of Donald Trump winning the election. This intrigue with the dossier and the continued promotion of the Trump as Russian agent narrative are indicative of the deep institutional resistance to Donald Trump. He is a total outsider with many policy goals that go against the establishment grain, which helped him become President.Concerned parties in the Republican party during the primary process contacted the private research firm Fusion GPS to do research on Trump to look into possible connections between Trump and Russia. After Trump secured the nomination, Democrats took over the financing of the Fusion GPS opposition research, suggesting significant closeness between certain Republicans and Democrats. After the Democrats took over the operation, Steele was contacted to do research. Steele then passed on his research to both British and American intelligence.Later on, the British Ambassador to Moscow alerted John McCain to the existence of the dossier, who obtained it and passed it on to FBI director James Comey. A two-page summary was presented to then-President Barack Obama and President-elect Donald Trump in meetings with intelligence heads.John McCain played a key role in promoting the dossier within the government.The consequences of Republicans and Democrats working together to produce this dossier will continue to play out for President Trump and for Russian businessman Aleksei Gubarev. Patriots can only hope that any wrongdoers in this debacle face consequences as well.Share:








F.B.I. investigations continue into fake news about Russia being connected to people within the Trump campaign.Losing one’s job is never very easy. It is even more embarrassing when the motives for the firing were painted as some dire offense when, in reality, it was an oversight. Former National Security Adviser, Michel Flynn, did not get fired for talking to Russia or have any back room Russian ties as the MSM implies. HIS JOB was to talk to the Russians. After all, there must be people in the United States who talk to Putin.It is not as if the giant superpower can be wished away or ignored. Flynn made the error of not properly informing the Vice President of some of those talks, something that certain members of Congress made worse with partisanship. Had this not been the case, Flynn would likely have faced a dressing down, but not lost his post over the issue.Now the general is talking to members of the House and Senate intelligence committees. He seeks to gain immunity from “unfair prosecution” that could stem from him addressing concerns regarding alleged communications between Russia and Trump’s campaign,  according to Yahoo News. Flynn’s attorney, Robert Kelner, said, “General Flynn certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit.” Considering that he lost his position due to treatment that was underserved, to say the least, it can be understood why he is hesitant to assist the very people who caused it to happen. It seems that Congress and the Senate are determined that there are secrets to be revealed.AdvertisementGen. Flynn (pictured) is being said by some to be seeking immunity.Kelner went to state that “no reasonable person” who has a lawyer would venture into such questioning without some assurances that he would not be prosecuted himself. There has been a head hunt going on as certain members of the government are driven not by justice, but by a need to fabricate stories about Putin and Trump in order to hurt the presidency’s effectiveness. Some leftists in Congress are so blinded by the need to bring down the White House and everyone in it that they will surely push to charge Flynn with something bogus just to keep the false narrative alive if he does not guard against it.The charge is that Flynn had or has some hidden connection to Russia, allegations that have so far proven to be null. Accepting the fact that Trump won the election fair and without any help from the Kremlin is something that many in government can not bring themselves to do. As such, they make up fake news stories about people like Flynn and conduct “dog and pony show” legal theatre in order to give the whole attack an air of legitimacy. Kelner is very wise in shielding his client from such politically driven and baseless attacks.At a time when relations between the United States and Russia are at their worst, the president is growing ever more frustrated with lies about his election win.AdvertisementThe F.B.I. itself is under investigation for being not the primary and unbiased investigative department of the government as it should be, but an extension of the partisan politics of the day. Since July, they have wasted their time and the taxpayer’s money on following a supposed Trump/Russian path that leads to nowhere. Every truth uncovered has worked to prove Trump innocent, and yet they keep digging. Press Secretary Sean Spicer has said if the president uses Russian salad dressing while dining, at this point, that is a “Russian connection.” Sadly, his parody of facts are not very far removed from the reality of the situation.It is being reported that when the Wall Street Journal discovered that Flynn was seeking immunity for his testimony, Kelner released a statement, but refused to produce any details on the talks. A Congressional aide, who could not be named, did confirm that immunity was a topic of discussion. The House Intelligence Committee’s Jack Langer has countered this claim, oddly enough, and said that Flynn “has not offered to testify to the committee in exchange for immunity,” to quote Yahoo News. So now, as always, we have conflicting reports from those within the system.Putin (pictured) has long said that neither he nor Russia has ANY ties to Donald Trump and never have had any.Just this past Wednesday, the Senate Intelligence Committee had requested to talk to 20 people about “the probe” and four former Trump “associates” have stepped up to say that they too would like to speak about the matter. Kelner has said that with the way in which things are in DC today, Flynn is looking at unfair “claims of treason and vicious innuendo.” Expounding on his prior statement, he declared, “No reasonable person, who has the benefit of advice from counsel, would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution.”AdvertisementIt is also called to mind that in September, Flynn on NBC’s “Meet the Press” talked about what immunity would mean for Clinton, someone who he criticized at the time for the notion. Even if proven (again) innocent, his statement saying, “When you are given immunity, that means that you have probably committed a crime” could certainly boomerang around unpleasantly for him. This would prove even more problematic if questions about Flynn’s ties to lobbying groups that are seen by many as benefiting Turkey, at the expense of other interests, should arise.F.B.I. head, James Comey (pictured), has been quite biased during his time as leader of the Department.Perhaps America will find out that Flynn is not the man who Trump and the voters imagined him to be, but that remains to be seen. As it stands, all that we have is a man who, having just started a job which he had experience for, but not the know-how of every nuance in it, did not handle verification with the VP properly. That is it, nothing else. This should have been a black mark on his record maybe, but once the protocol was absorbed, it is doubtful that the problem would have ever arisen again. Instead, the Democrats chose yet again disunity and division over coming together behind America’s new leader.Do not be mislead, that is what this whole investigation is about. There would be more to find if they looked into how many votes Mickey Mouse got on election day than there is to be in trying to find this nonexistent connection between anyone in Trump’s campaign and Russia. Likely, a few lefties at first thought that they may have really had some basis to this claim, but once it was found to be untrue, they stuck with it. THAT, more than anything else, is the most disheartening part of the whole affair. Those on the left are more willing to pursue at great expense and time a known lie all because they fairly lost an election. That is today’s Democrat Party, and it is disgusting.Share:








A radical Islamist recently attacked a lady at a Goodwill for not “saying it” and converting.All of the nations that find themselves on Trump’s now-famous travel ban list are nation’s that, among other sinister things, routinely beat people (or worse) for refusing to convert to Islam. This is true even though Islam is a religion that has precepts that have no real bearing in reality or reason, such as the more historical religions of the world. This is why Egypt once worshipped Ra, the Sun God, and today face having images of Ra shattered for the crime of Islamic blasphemy. The truth is that every nation that is today Islamic are only in that condition due to having been conquered by the sword and beaten into the practice. No one chooses this burden on a national level for any other reason; it has never happened.These beatings are occurring now in America as the case of Khaliad Bilal shows us. Bilal was arrested the past weekend at a Goodwill in Muncie on “preliminary counts of strangulation, battery, battery on law enforcement, intimidation, resisting law enforcement and disorderly conduct,” according to court documents. The reason for the attack? It seems that the elderly clerk who worked at the Goodwill had her life threatened by Bilal as he tried in vain to convert the lady to Islam. She just would not “say it” and join Islam, that is all. It is even reported that the savage attack from the man broke an officer’s hand as he tried to intervene.Many agree with Dr. Gomaa, (pictured) and some of those that do are in America.AdvertisementThe Ball State Daily is reporting that an officer made his entrance into the store only to find Bilal yelling and screaming at those who worked in there. The cop is said to have confronted the man and as things became more unstable, the officer was forced to employ his taser. At that point, a second officer showed up at the now chaotic scene and attempted to subdue the crazed Islamist. The broken hand resulted when the suspect attacked the officers and bedlam broke out. For this action, Bilal was tazed a second time, an action which proved effective enough to allow his hands and feet to be handcuffed before he could harm anyone else whilst preaching the religion of peace to them.As the melee was happening, the mad Muslim kept telling the officers that they “were going to hell” and he kept shouting, “Allahu Akbar.” This term can be thought of in two ways. To compare, when an Islamist says, “Allahu Akbar” upon hearing that a loved one has conquered a case of the flu, then it is a blessing, much like a Christian may say, “God bless you” post-sneeze. However, if it is being said by a madman in a Goodwill as he tries to choke elderly female staff members, then he is certainly meaning it in the ISIS “going to cut your head off” kind of way. We see this disparity in America between honest God loving Christians who reach out to others and those that repel and threaten them, like the members of the Westboro Baptist Church. The difference is, while vile, the WBC isn’t hurting anyone and there are not millions of them.As the teachings of radical Islam spread, what is to become of Western society and progress?Some of this may be chalked up to mental illness since Bilal claimed to be “Muhammad, the prophet of Islam.” If this is true then he is no different than the man muttering to himself that he is Jesus Christ as he roams the floor of the insane asylum. Then again, how often is this the case? Radical Islam chooses to find such people ON PURPOSE in order to get them to do their bidding. It is not that people like Bilal are Islamic, but rather, that radical sharia Islam are CHOOSING people of such low mental states to BE radicalized. They know no better, in many instances. The underwear bomber is said to have the IQ of a pencil, for instance. For this reason, the fact that Bilal may be mentally challenged is cause for alarm and not just to be written off as a madman who happened to be a Muslim.AdvertisementAfter preaching his message of goodwill, Bilal was taken to Ball Memorial Hospital where his injuries were assessed. In an act of Houdini-like skill, the angry Muslim managed to escape his restraints, something that is not an easy feat to accomplish. This he did, however, and managed to attack another officer who he punched three times in the face, sending his glasses flying. While searching for a “pressure point,” the officer is said to have “accidentally” punched Bilal in the mouth, an error that no one likely wept over. Bond for the deranged Bilal is set at $10,000.Even with such savage images as these, the world in large part refuses to see the evil that mankind is up against.Whether this man belongs in a prison cell or a mental hospital is of no concern to the bigger picture here. The truth is that this man did not find Islam, as much as Islam likely found him. ISIS and groups like them have made videos and published many writings about how such tactics were in use even as we read these words. Just as they have kept their tempestuous promise to blend in with the refugees fleeing their terror in Syria, so they are keeping their promise to vacuum up those of low mental awareness for evil acts. That is why sharia law has an ever growing foothold in prisons and jails all over the nation. They package it as a way to “get back” at society or the justice system and soon they are converted and attacking Goodwill clerks.That is not to say that this exact scenario is the case with the manic acting Bilal, but one would not be too shocked to find that it were close to the mark. There is a reason that most people do not flock to a religion that beats women, kills gays and brings a state of drab misery wherever it takes root. Sharia Islam can even be thought of as a totally different religion from standard Islam in some regards, but the trouble is that it is impossible to tell one from another. This is seen in cults that will often steal the language of a religion but heap radically different meanings upon the terms. Just like any such cult, sharia Islam proves that it is no different and that it is not above employing such means of conversion. For them, it is jihad and conversion at ANY cost.Stories like these may not just be something found in the Middle East if sharia Islam is allowed to infect the West.Share:








Hillary Clinton has been found with even MORE breaches of proper handling of both sensitive and classified information.All during the campaign, the one common refrain that Hillary Clinton heard above all else was concerning her misuse of email servers. The facts of her cavalier attitude towards classified material dogged her every day of her run until calls to “LOCK HER UP!” were surpassed by her defeat. It seems that the flow in corruption from Clinton is not something that corked itself shut after her loss. New information released from Judicial Watch shows 1,184 pages of State Department records that expose even more depth to her folly.To quote their recent article, this includes “previously unreleased Hillary Clinton email exchanges, revealing additional instances of Abedin and Hillary Clinton sending classified information through unsecured email accounts and contributors being given special access to the former secretary of state.” Basically, the State Department is telling us that America has certainly dodged a bullet by not having her in office.Huma Abedin is not a name that we have heard since Clinton’s run and Anthony Weiner’s sexting, but she is not forgotten to those who are conducting investigations into the handling of classified material by the campaign. A court order from May 5, 2015, is what caused the new information to come to light. It was a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed against the State Department following the failure “to respond to a March 18 FOIA request (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)),” according to the article.AdvertisementThe trails of neglect and misuse of power that surrounds Clinton and her family all lead to her being unfit for office. That includes the NYC Mayor’s office, too.The wording of the lawsuit is as follows: “All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009, through February 1, 2013, using a non-“state.gov” email address.” Revealed were “29 previously undisclosed Clinton emails,” bringing the total count thus far to “288 emails that were not part of the 55,000 pages of emails that Clinton turned over to the State Department.” The data is said to have been “classified as the material includes information to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy; foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources.”Information about Guantanamo prisoner Binyam Mohamed was included in an email, as was his request for “various classified intelligence documents,” which contained the case that the government had against him. This information could have (and may have been for all that we know) been hacked and sold to ISIS or used as blackmail to do so. This is just one possible way that such data could be abused, of which there are many.Clinton’s use of various Blackberry phones was also called into question during her campaign.AdvertisementIt is revealed also that in April 2010, Sid Blumenthal sent a pair of messages to Clinton containing information that is now classified, again showing that she had no prowess or instinct in the handling of sensitive data. This was then forwarded via unsecured networks to Huma as information to be printed out about “change of government in the Kyrgyz Republic.” February 2010  saw former Deputy Chief of Staff to Clinton, Jake Sullivan, emailed to “Clinton’s and Abedin’s [sic] unsecure email accounts” data that the State Department called “to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy; foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources.”The loss of protocol continues on April 2010,March 9, 2010, March 15, 2010, and, February 23, 2010. They talked about the funerals of Bill and Hillary Clinton. There were even emails found that showed Clinton telling where she was going to be and when. This latter tidbit may sound as though it only jeopardizes her, but the email was sent to “Clinton Foundation officials Doug Band, Terry Krivnic, Margaret Steenberg, and others, and forwarded to Abedin’s [sic] unsecure email account.” Not only were all of those lives put at risk, but so were her service details, other officers who were to be present, and likely many others. Also, this opened the door for her other unsecured networks to be hacked to eavesdrop at certain times, since we know already that her Blackberry was in question.Clinton is finding out that her past sins, once deeply hidden, are coming to light.The never ending litany of facts against Clinton will never stop nor slow, it seems. They go on and on like some nightmare that returns every time that we close our eyes. Democrats will charge that this does not matter since she did not win, but such a thought has no basis in fact. The hard truth is that the kinds of things gleaned just from what we know that she did so far are things that could have fallout well into the future. This was seen by her husband’s poor presidential performance that saw our nation’s nuclear trade secrets fall into Chinese hands. Today, many years removed from the negligence, America has WMD made from that very technology pointing at us and our families.AdvertisementAlso hidden is the fact that Hillary Clinton has dropped not only hints, but copious amounts of campaign signs, upon New York City. She has designs on being the mayor of the Big Apple, and since the city leans so far to the left that they can not stand upright, she could easily win. Do we want people sitting in the Mayor’s Seat that have a history of corruption, bad intelligence handling and no idea how to send or store classified or sensitive data? New York has seen enough misery due to bad practices, some even suggest that these kinds of lackadaisical mindsets are what lead to 9/11. Are we going then to elect someone who would allow something like it to happen again?Between the scandals of her aid, Huma, her sexting husband Anthony Wiener (pictured), and the email revelations, one would hope that voters will refuse to elect Clinton for anything.Beyond the fact that Clinton is soft on the border, wrong on trade, wrong on healthcare, and mistaken on global warming, this cheater is also terrible with information that the voters elect her to be mindful of. Even Democrats have to see that they may be opposed to all things “Republican,” but at the end of the day, they don’t want themselves nor their families harmed. Upon seeing this news and when viewing them in light of how poorly Clinton really did at each of her jobs, even if the handle is pulled for a Democrat in that Mayor’s Chair, it may not be for Clinton. For those that love their lives and their nation, electing someone who could not be bothered to learn why some servers are secured against threats, both foreign and domestic, is not someone who they want at the seat of power in the city that never sleeps, because hackers don’t rest, either.Share:








Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is considering altering Japan’s constitution to allow the country to launch preemptive strikes.Japan is itching to arm itself. Politicians in the pacifist country are demanding that their military be equipped with striking capabilities. Currently Japan depends almost entirely on the U.S. for protection, a situation that’s no longer tenable. North Korea’s increasing belligerence threatens the stability of East Asia. Japan’s current constitution allows the country to defend itself from attack but prohibits the military from taking aggressive action. The pacifist stance was adopted in the aftermath of World War II. “Japan can’t just wait until it’s destroyed,” said Hiroshi Imazu, head of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party’s security committee, when interviewed. “It’s legally possible for Japan to strike an enemy base that’s launching a missile at us, but we don’t have the equipment or the capability.” AdvertisementInternational affairs are so complicated that it’s become dangerous for a country to neglect its security. Japan is too vulnerable. Kim Jong-un is a wildly unpredictable leader. North Korea seems to be growing stronger in military prowess and missile capabilities while weakening in restraint. The highest echelons in the Japanese government support ditching the country’s pacifist resolutions and adopting a more nuanced wartime strategy. “I’d like to encourage the party to have this discussion and am keeping an eye on how it’s going,” Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told reporters.Kim Jong-un is a dangerous madman. War with North Korea is becoming increasingly likelyAdvertisementPresident Trump is one of the first world leaders to highlight the growing discrepancy in military responsibility. America is the defender of too many countries. Dozens of Western entities let their defense budgets dwindle in expectation of being fully protected by the U.S. Meanwhile North Korea remains locked in the grip of a crazed despot. Kim Jong-un is so unpredictable that’s impossible to say whether or not war will actually break out. It’s obvious however that Japan would have have far more control over its own future if it were able to equalize threats on its own. “Our country is protected by other countries, but we can’t do anything to protect them. This is not acceptable in the international community anymore,” Imazu told the Washington Post. “We cooperate with the U.S. and other nations to protect our country and also to contribute to peace in East Asia. In this environment, it’s only proper that we should discuss how we could protect our country.”Japan’s decision to free its hobbled military would mark a significant but necessary change in world politics. Kim Jong-un is a madman. North Korea has been lobbing missiles into the Sea of Japan for months now. The Japanese are understandably growing wary. Enemy states are rapidly acquiring more power while Japan’s military remains stagnant.AdvertisementJapan’s military hopes to become more aggressive.Analysts believe Tokyo will approve an amendment to the country’s constitution. Government officials have reportedly earmarked $1 billion to improve their surface-to-air defenses. Just last year Abe’s administration oversaw the acquirement of F-35 fighter jets.“Abe is politically astute and realistic in understanding what he can do,” said Narushige Michishita, a North Korea expert at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies in Tokyo. “F-35s might not be enough, but they’re a good place to start.”Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is also considering taking military action in East Asia. The damage that Pyongyang can do to America might be limited, but South Korea and Japan are in serious jeopardy. As the U.S. was instrumental in crafting Japan’s current constitution, Washington will likely be heavily involved in implementing any changes. “Japan doesn’t have the capacity to launch an attack on North Korea by ourselves,” former defense minister Gen. Naktani told the Post. “In order for Japan to do that, it would take a lot of discussion with the U.S.”AdvertisementThe Japanese government might have more foresight than its people. Citizens have been resistant to almost every change proposed by the prime minister. Most still want the country to cling to its pacifist status, regardless of the world’s changing dynamics. Japan’s current missile defense system can reportedly only handle three projectiles at once.Prime Minister Abe and President Trump agree that North Korea is growing increasingly volatile.“China is the only one that can control Kim Jong-un, this crazy fat kid that’s running North Korea. They could stop North Korea’s economy in a week,” John McCain told MSNBC. “They haven’t, because the Chinese have to understand there’s a penalty… imposed by us if they don’t reign in an individual that can literally start a world war, and more importantly, perhaps in the short term, strike the United States of America.”Our allies are directly threatened by North Korea’s madness. If Kim Jong-un fulfills his promise to destroy his neighbors, the U.S. will have to be involved. Because of that, if Japan now bolsters its military power, the effects will be beneficial to America and its allies. An empowered Japan is a boon to the world, not a threat. Share:








Utah governor is pleased with confirming a 120-year-old law.As early as 1862, the United States had deemed polygamy a crime. In Utah, where approximately two-thirds of the population is Mormon, plural marriages have been a felony since it became a state in 1896. Over 120 year laters, lawmakers in LDS state are creating hype over confirming the law; and practicioners are demanding their rights.In 1879, the Supreme Court upheld the anti-polygamy to be constitutional. Beginning in 1880, federal officials began prosecuting those cases. The large communities of Mormons, or Latter-day Saints (LDS), were largely left alone. In places like Utah, polygamy was common and ignored. The church claims that the problems began when Mormons began spreading out across America. Non-church members saw the multiple-partner marriages as an abomination.As they expanded, the church took a harder stance on polygamy, denying that it was still going on and trying to explain it. “The Book of Mormon identifies one reason for God to command it: to increase the number of children born in the gospel covenant in order to “raise up seed unto [the Lord]” (Jacob 2:30). Plural marriage did result in the birth of large numbers of children within faithful Latter-day Saint homes.”AdvertisementSimultaneously admitting and defending their actions, they were telling the public that it had stopped. “…monogamy was advocated in the Church both over the pulpit and through the press. On an exceptional basis, some new plural marriages were performed between 1890 and 1904, especially in Mexico and Canada, outside the jurisdiction of U.S. law; a small number of plural marriages were performed within the United States during those years. In 1904, the Church strictly prohibited new plural marriages. Today, any person who practices plural marriage cannot become or remain a member of the Church.”As the LDS church was struggling to present an acceptable and legal view to the public, polygamy was ongoing. Church members and often high-ranking leaders were accused of not only having multiple wives but taking underage brides and abuse. Women leaving the church were finally talking about their experiences.You might expect all the scandals would top the practice, or at least force it further underground. Neither happened, starting in 2010 there has even been a reality television show about polygamy called Sister Wives.AdvertisementUtah Governor Gary Herbert promoted his activities this week as he signed a bill that “keeps polygamy a felony.” Apparently the penalties have changed, becoming harsher, but that appears to be the only difference.As he makes this highly flouted but non-momentous decision, the question is being asked, is the law even being enforced? The answer is convoluted.Mormons who practice the lifestyle are open and uncompromising; they will continue despite the laws, as they always have. They and their attorneys say that if the marriages are between consenting adults, the state can’t do anything. Joe Darger, an outspoken opponent of the bill, has three wives. He dared officials to charge him with a crime.Some lawmakers seem to agree, the state doesn’t pursue polygamists who haven’t committed other fraud or abuse as well. The recent bill was actually in response to a lawsuit that occured when they did try.AdvertisementJoe Darger, center, challenged lawmakers to come after him for his polygamous relationships.The Brown family, stars of the show Sister Wives, sued Lehi, Utah city police for looking into their multi-partner relationship. The court ruled in favor of the Browns, raising many questions about polygamy.This led to the state of Utah and the courts defining the difference between polygamy and bigamy. While often used interchangeably, the law states that bigamy is a punishable crime, polygamy is not. Polygamy is “defined as three or more people living together and one or more ‘spiritual’ marriages existing among that group.”On the other hand, bigamy is the practice of one person having “multiple active marriage licenses.” The splitting of hairs in definitions would force prosecutors to prove that each polygamist has coinciding, active marriage licenses. This makes them a bigamist which is the actual felony.AdvertisementOutside of that, it is simply seen as a lifestyle choice. A man can have as many wives as he wants as long as he only has one marriage license. When Federal Judge Clark Waddoups ruled for the Browns in 2013, he was essentially saying that the bigamy laws could not be applied to polygamists.Children being exploited is one of the many issues the polygamous lifestyle can encourage.The new law confirms that the state agrees with his assessment. To be considered a bigamist, the offender now has to live with his extra spouse and claim marriage. Only one or the other was required prior to this.Even the Sound Choices Coalition, which tries to discourage polygamous marriages, supports the new bill. They issued a statement saying;“Polygamy is an antisocial, unsustainable practice that hurts many, so we are pleased that the state of Utah has taken action to demonstrate that it takes the abuses of polygamy seriously. Polygamy has enjoyed de facto decriminalization for decades, and polygamists will continue to be in no danger of prosecution unless they commit other crimes. We trust that the attorney general’s office will use this new law as it uncovers criminal activities within polygamist communities.”The disconnect in the state was apparent through all of this. Polygamists continue to insist that any investigation or prosecution impedes their rights. Lawmakers prepare to take a hard stance, but it may only be for the cameras.Is polygamy a choice or is it forced on women by an unrelenting religious community? Should it be allowed if all the people involved are adults? How hard is law enforcement working to tell the difference?All those questions remain, the bill changes little. It is neglectful to avoid the fact that the practice encourages wrongful and unlawful behavior. Religious freedom does not allow child endangerment or abuse. Utah doesn’t need to reinforce laws they have never followed in the first place. They need a serious discussion on the practice of polygamy and what it means for innocent women and children.Share:








The USDA places these traps to kill; that is exactly what they do.“The M-44 ejector device is an effective and environmentally sound wildlife damage management tool. The spring-activated device delivers a dose of cyanide powder to targeted animals. It uses a cyanide capsule that is registered as a restricted-use pesticide by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The device can be used only by trained certified applicators.”This “trap” is what Canyon Mansfield, age 14, came across while walking his dog one day. The pair was reportedly only about 350 feet from their family’s home. Canyon told reporters, “I see this little pipe that looked like a sprinkler sticking out of the ground. I go over and touch it. Then it makes a pop sound and it spews orange gas everywhere.”The orange gas that covered them was cyanide, placed in the ground by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), to kill so-called nuisance animals. Advertisement“The M-44 device is triggered when a canid (i.e. coyote or wild dog) tugs on the baited capsule holder, releasing the plunger and ejecting sodium cyanide powder into the animal’s mouth. The sodium cyanide quickly reacts with moisture in the animal’s mouth, releasing hydrogen cyanide gas. Unconsciousness, followed by death, is very quick, normally within 1 to 5 minutes after the device is triggered. Animals killed by sodium cyanide appear to show no overt signs of distress or pain.”Doing its job, the device killed a dog that day in Pocatello, Idaho, but not a wild one. The family’s 3-year-old Yellow Labrador Casey died quickly, just like the USDA says it would.“We are devastated,” mother, Theresa Mansfield, told Fox News. “My dog died in less than 2 minutes. My son was rushed to the hospital covered in cyanide.”Canyon was able to think quickly, wiping as much of the poison off as he could. It possibly saved his life. Fortunately, there was no rain that day. Otherwise the moisture-reactive cyanide might have killed the boy as well.AdvertisementIt may have just been luck that Canyon wasn’t killed along with Casey.Captain Dan Argyle of the Bannock County Sheriff’s Office said, “We’re still trying to figure out how he wasn’t affected. We think a strong wind blew it [the cyanide] downhill when the device went off — right in the dog’s direction.”The government maintains that the traps are not capable of killing a child. Captain Argyle strongly disagrees, stating that Canyon only weighs about 20 pound more than the dog. “He’s very lucky to be alive.” The teenager’s blood will continue to be checked for cyanide levels.The USDA Wildlife Service’s website claims that the traps are designed to “control coyotes, wild (feral) dogs, and red, gray, and arctic foxes.” The average weight of a coyote is between 20 and 50 pounds. AdvertisementCoincidentally, the same weight as a one-year to seven-year-old girl or a 10-month to seven-year old boy. If a younger child had been with the dog, he or she could easily have been poisoned to death.According to Captain Argyle, and the USDA website, there are supposed to be signs posted to warn people about any traps in the area. That brings to mind large, easily-seen, weatherproof warnings. Unfortunately, that is not the case.The signs that the USDA places close to the deadly traps. They are neither durable nor adequate.The signs could be easily covered by snow, washed away by rain, or torn out of the ground by wind or animals. The website also claims they do not place traps on property without permission, either from the landowner or the government.Captain Argyle said, “We did not observe any signs at the location.” Canyon’s father, Mark Mansfield, confirmed, “We didn’t know anything about it. No neighborhood notifications and our local authorities didn’t know anything about them. The sheriff deputies who went up there didn’t even know what a cyanide bomb was.”AdvertisementThe danger was increased when an inspection revealed another trap close to the Mansfield home. Apparently, both were set on February 25, “without the family’s knowledge or consent.”The device that exploded and killed a family pet.This is not the only incident. Earlier in the week, the Helfrieck family was out on a walking trail they have used for 20 years. They were approximately 50 miles from Casper, Wyoming. On the trail was Amy Helfrieck, her husband, and their 8-year-old daughter. Mrs. Helfrieck’s sister and brother-in-law were also with them.Suddently hearing her husband yelling, she turned to see him carrying their dog and running towards her. Mrs. Helfrieck, who is a nurse, attempted to open the dog’s mouth to help Abby breath. “She was having a lot of difficulty breathing and I knew at that time she was dying. What I didn’t realize was that we were exposing ourselves to a very deadly poison.”The sister’s dog Molly was also killed. The family reports there were the required signs. However, they were placed only about 5 feet away from the trap, leaving no early warning for the hikers. The Helfrieck’s daughter and a picture of Abby.These traps, very effective against pets, are used to prevent wild animals from attacking and killing livestock. The USDA states;“Coyotes, foxes, and feral dogs cause substantial damage to livestock and poultry producers, particularly those with sheep and goats. After studying a petition to ban the M-44, EPA determined that predation accounts for a significant portion of premature livestock losses. EPA found that the use of M-44s have significant benefits in reducing predation on livestock without negative long-term impact on the target predators or other nontarget species.”The two families who have lost their beloved pets would certainly disagree with that statement. Other critics argue that taxpayers should not be spending money to protect private property. The traps are unselective. They cannot distinguish between predators after livestock and those who are just hunting.A wildlife advocacy organization called Predator Defense is part of the movement to ban these devices. Brooks Fahy, the executive director, calls the traps “nothing more than landmines waiting to go off, no matter if their victim is a child, a dog or a wolf.”He further explains that, “Much of the public remains totally in the dark about the fact that these deadly devices are placed on private and public lands nationwide. M-44s are totally indiscriminate. Worse yet, they are unnecessary, as the majority of the animals killed have never preyed on livestock.”These recent incidents demonstrate the rationale behind Fahy’s words. If a rancher needs to control predators on their land, they have a right. However, traps placed on public lands are harming innocent people and animals. This method is outdated, expensive, and deadly to the wrong animals. Next time it could easily be a child.Share:








Arkansas authorities are investigating the case of a corpse stuffed inside a suitcase and abandoned in a farmer’s field.Arkansas police have been working to solve the case of a corpse stuffed inside a suitcase and abandoned in a field. Late last week the corpse was identified as Robert Brooks, an 89-year old WWII veteran from Youngstown, New York. The body wasn’t dismembered as the man was only four feet and eleven inches. Police don’t consider it a homicide at this point.David Gilbo, of the Youngstown Police Department, told the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, “He was a war hero who could have been buried at the [Arlington] National Cemetery. Instead, he ends up in a suitcase dumped in a field in Arkansas.”Gilbo said the man died of natural causes in his home likely about a month before his body was found March 5, Fox News reports. He had been living in upstate New York with his caregiver, 56-year old Virginia Colvin. She had cared for him since 2012. Colvin’s boyfriend, Michael Stivers, was also present in the home.Advertisement“Why did they decide to take the body from here, instead of calling for an ambulance, is yet to be determined,” Johnstown Police Lt. Dave Gilbo told WRGB, a CBS affiliate in Albany.Right now, the authorities think the couple did not report his death in order to keep collecting his Social Security benefits. They have checked the couple’s bank statements. If that was the case, no monies have thus far been collected.“They got caught early,” Gilbo told the Arkansas-Democrat Gazette. “We are checking their bank statements, but they didn’t have much time to collect any money if they were doing that.”Colvin told authorities that Brooks had always expressed his desire to be buried in Arkansas and that’s why they were moving him there. Family members deny the claim, saying that Brooks had briefly lived in Arkansas at one point, but was from New York. He not told his family that he wanted to be buried anywhere else. Both Colvin and Stivers have family members in the state. They drove from New York to Arkansas, some 1,300 miles, with the month-old corpse in a large blue suitcase riding in the back of blue pickup truck. On March 5, they stopped in Des Arc, Arkansas. That was when police received the emergency call, the Washington Post reports. The call described a couple selling furniture and junk from the back of a parked truck when the morbid discovery was made.Advertisement“One of the patrons of this sale went to the back of the truck and unzipped a larger blue suitcase and saw a body,” Prairie County Sheriff Rick Hickman told ABC affiliate Sky 7.The pair fled the scene, getting about 15 miles out of town. They stopped to dump the suitcase in a farmer’s field in Prairie County and then split. Police caught up with them but released Colvin because they could not find the incriminating suitcase. Stiver, however, was arrested on an outstanding warrant for not paying child support.Virginia Colvin and boyfriend Michael Stivers are charged with abusing the corpse of an 89 year-old World War II veteran.The deputies located the house where Colvin was going in Perry County and placed it under surveillance until they could get a search warrant. On March 8, the police finally connected Colvin to the incident and arrested her. Both Colvin and Stivers face felony charges of abusing a corpse. Police have finally made contact with Brooks’ son in North Carolina and obtained DNA samples from him to confirm the identity of the body.AdvertisementLonoke County Jail, where Michael Stivers is being held on a child support warrant while awaiting felony charges on abusing a corpse.New York authorities are not attempting to get the couple extradited. Abuse of a corpse is a felony offense, but in New York it only punishable by three years in prison. In Arkansas it carries a punishment of up to ten years. Brooks was a gunner in World War II, serving in a B-17 bomber’s ball turret.“It’s the most dangerous assignment in war,” Prairie County Sheriff Rick Hickman said. “The belly gunner is in a small bubble on the bottom of the plane. The enemy wants to shoot at him first. Life expectancy on that job is very short.”The authorities handling the case say that, while it is not considered a homicide at this point, it could take months to officially determine that. It will take some time to find out why the body was moved as well. “Brooks was a World War II veteran,” Gilbo said. “He deserved a lot better than being put in a suitcase.”Police are still working on getting to the bottom of the motives in the case of this veteran. Now, with his son located, arrangements can be made to have his body moved back to New York and given a proper burial. But the two in the middle of it, however, have a long road ahead of them.Share:








Tennessee Just Filed A Lawsuit Against The Federal Government Over The Federal Refugee Resettlement ProgramRefugees were a big topic of discussion during the 2016 presidential election. Democrats, like Hillary Clinton and former President Barack Obama, wanted to invite every single refugee into the country. The problem was they didn’t think about the vetting process and how important it is for American safety.These refugees need to be thoroughly vetted because of the areas that they are coming from. Several countries that these refugees are originally from are known terrorist hot spots. Terrorist groups, like ISIS, have already admitted that some of their agents are posing as refugees to get into the country to cause some major damage.Unfortunately the Democrats just don’t understand the worry that Americans have over this and continue to support bringing refugees in through a federal program. Finally, one state has had enough of the federal refugee resettlement program. The state of Tennessee has officially filed a lawsuit against the federal government over the resettlement of refugees in the state.AdvertisementThe Thomas More Law Center filed the federal lawsuit for the Tennessee General Assembly, as well as the State of Tennessee. It was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee on Monday. As stated earlier, it’s challenging the federal refugee resettlement program. What Tennessee is arguing is that it violates the state’s sovereignty under the Tenth Amendment of the Constitution.Tennessee Doesn’t Want Refugees In Their StateTo escalate this even further, President Trump is expected to hold a rally in Nashville to create public support for his agenda. That includes his revised travel ban. It suspends the federal refugee resettlement program and stops travel from six Muslim-majority countries. It’s expected to go into effect on Thursday.Back in April of 2016, the Tennessee General Assembly passed SJR 467. What it did was authorize the filing of the lawsuit. It was meant to address the federal government’s appropriation of state funds to continue this program in Tennessee. Suing the federal government is a big deal, and it only escalates when it is one of the states that are on the prosecuting side.AdvertisementOriginally in 2007, Tennessee withdrew from the federal program. However the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement went around this by designating Catholic Charities of Tennessee to force the continuation of state funds to resettle those refugees that go to the state.It’s worth pointing out that the federal government isn’t allowed to force states to support federal programs with state revenues. In other words, the federal government can’t force the states to pay for something using their own money.The late Senator Ted Kennedy addressed this. He was the chief sponsor of the Refugee Act of 1980, which was the enabling legislation, and spoke on the Senate floor prior to it being passed.“… the committee was mindful of the deep concern of many State and local agencies that Federal assistance authorized under these programs should be for a reasonable period of time – to assure that local communities will not be taxed for a program they did not initiate.”AdvertisementHowever, as most things tend to do with the government, the rules dramatically changed within a decade of the act. Originally, 100 percent of each state’s Medicaid and welfare benefits given to refugees would be reimbursed by the government. They would provide these benefits to refugees in the country for three years.States Were Supposed To Be Reimbursed For The Resettlement Of Refugees. That Stopped After 10 YearsFive years later, Congress didn’t provide sufficient funding and the costs of the federal program began falling on state governments. By ten years, the government stopped all reimbursement of state costs. As expected, it has been a giant financial burden on the states.Remember, the federal government can’t force states to support their programs using state revenues. States know this and they have started taking notice. The U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations in 2010 looked at a review of the refugee admissions program. They were taking note of the costs that were associated with education and healthcare for refugees that were passed onto the state and local governments.According to the Superintendent for Fort Wayne (IN) Community Schools, the cost of educating refugee students “regularly diverted [funds] from other programs.” It should also be noted that the Fort Wayne-Allen County Commissioner of Health testified that “[i]ncreasingly the costs of [HIV/AIDS] tests are being dropped on the laps of local and state governments.”AdvertisementThey are also footing the cost for the life-long treatment for hepatitis B discovered among the Burmese. It’s “…another significant cost the local community will be forced to bear.” The lawsuit wants to define Tennessee’s rights, considering the forced use of state funds for a program they’re not even a part of.State Senate Majority Leader Mark Norris was the one who led the passage of SJR 467. He described the suit as looking for relief. The suit “…offers a unique mechanism by which advocates may seek to remedy ongoing violations of statutory or constitutional law. Sometimes it’s cast in the nature of a friendly lawsuit to bring clarity to an otherwise cloudy situation.”The main reason for the institution of the travel ban was to get a vetting process that would make the country safer. This is necessary, especially when it was learned that 300 refugees in the United States are under FBI investigation for terrorism. These are people that pose a significant risk to the country. Why should more of them be let in?It Was Learned That 300 Refugees Were Being Investigated For Ties To TerrorismNot to mention that many migrants and refugees that come into the country lie about their age. They literally falsify information so that they can get into the country easier. When a majority of these refugees are lying to get into the country, there is something drastically wrong there.Share this article to show that Tennessee has just filed a lawsuit against the federal government. They are not a part of the federal program, yet they are still forced to use their revenues to resettle refugees in their own state. This lawsuit is going to get some answers, and it might lead to more states doing the same thing. Be sure to watch this one carefully.Share:








Students have had enoughHave you ever considered the political affiliation of college professors? Many haven’t unless they have attended college classes lately or have children in college. That is perhaps why they numbers are skewed in regards to liberal versus conservative professors.The recent election and the ensuing liberal meltdowns have turned our eyes to campuses and how they are reacting. The view has been disheartening. Colleges appear to be overwhelmingly liberal, both professors and students demonstrating their dominance.Samuel Abrams, a professor of politics at Sarah Lawrence College, decided to take a look at 25 years of survey data. The results were astonishing; the amount of liberal professors has tripled since 1989.AdvertisementThe proportion of liberal professors rose from 2-to-1 in 1989 to 6-to-1 in 2014. New England saw the largest shift, going from an abnormally high 5-1 ratio in 1989 to an overwhelming 28-1 in 2014.This leaves college students subjected to an increasing amount of rhetoric from their professors. Should politics even have a place in the college classroom? That is another issue completely.Republican Senator Mark Chelgren from Iowa is on a mission to change the discrepancies. He believes that by requiring professors to disclose their political affiliation, balance can be restored. He aims to do this with the introduction of a new bill in the Iowa government.SF 288 states that “a person shall not be hired as a professor or instructor” if that “person’s political party affiliation on the date of hire would cause the percentage of the faculty belonging to one political party to exceed by 10 percent the percentage of the faculty belonging to the other political party.”AdvertisementThe bill would only apply to “institutions governed by the Iowa Board of Regents, those being the University of Iowa, Iowa State University, and the University of Northern Iowa.”There is a rather large loop-hole though. Prospective faculty would have the choice of declaring “no party affiliation,” and thus would “not be considered in determining the political party composition of the faculty.”While this seems to defeat the purpose of the bill, Chelgren accounted for that. “The state commissioner of elections” would be obligated to “furnish, free of charge, voter registration records to the institutions of higher learning.”Iowa is similar to many states; voters are not required to disclose their party affiliation when registering. However, primary and caucus elections are only open to voters who officially identify with the party holding them. This means that to actually vote, the party of the voter must eventually be disclosed, giving more information to inquirers.AdvertisementIowa voted Republican in the 2016 election, that may indicate this bill has a chanceThe reasoning behind this bill is simple. Take a look at the actions of professors and college administrators and you get an immediate idea of the brainwashing that is occurring.Professors allowed students to miss or reschedule exams if they were feeling “traumatized” by the November elections.Riots have been breaking out on campus with alarming frequency. Not just protests but actual riots. Berkeley has been the site of many, causing millions of dollars in damages to the campuses.Students are out of controlAdvertisementCalifornia State University administrators have recently issued memos encouraging students to not cooperate with Immigration and Custom Enforcement officials. Instead they are told to call campus police and wait for legal representation.Republican students have been the targets of intimidation and violence. Students attempting to start conservative groups have been shut down. Trump supporters have been frequently attacked. Liberals allow for no dissent; their selfish minds just cannot handle conversations where they may be proven wrong.These and other incidents occurring all across the country have created a hostile environment on campuses. Colleges have become more about pushing one set of ideals on everyone rather than encouraging balanced discussions and actual learning from others’ ideas. The purpose of colleges is to educate not indoctrinate.Needless to say, there are many who are opposing this legislation in Iowa.“The Board of Regents is opposed to the bill,” spokesman Josh Lehman told The Washington Post. “We expect our universities to hire the most qualified faculty to teach our students, and we believe in diversity of thought.”Senator Herman Quirmbach told reporters, “To establish quotas by political party association in academic departments would just destroy our public universities. It’s one of the worst ideas I’ve heard in 15 years here.”Democrats in Iowa are firmly opposed to the new billRepresentative Mary Mascher cites discrimination; “We do have a Constitution and its there for a reason, and it’s to try to protect equity and to make sure that we don’t judge people on the basis of their race or religion, their creed, their political beliefs. We never ask that question when someone’s hired: Are you a Republican, Democrat, or independent, or Green Party, or socialist, or any of that. And I think that would be clearly discriminatory.”Her arguments in particular lack the element of truth. Liberals have been demonstrating a clear misunderstanding of “discrimination” these days. They continue to make assumptions and decisions based solely on political affiliation and religion more than any Republican ever could.The battle in Iowa is just beginning. With President Trump threatening federal funding withdrawl for colleges who continue to break the law, debates such as this one will be happening everywhere. Democrats cannot continue to just pretend that President Trump doesn’t exist. He is gaining traction while they lose it.Something has to change. The blatant entitlement that is being encouraged is approaching a breaking point. Citizens and lawmakers are fed up with constant disregard for law and order. Largely Republican governments are going to begin offering ultimatums; they already have in some places.It will be interesting to watch the choices being made. Liberals have spent 3 solid months protesting and eroding American strength. Their childish denials are worn out and yet they cling to them stubbornly.Too many years of watching leaders such as Obama, Pelosi, Reid, and Warren have contributed to the idea that Democrats have carte blanche. It is going to be an unpleasant day when they realize that era is over.Share:








Vice President Mike Pence cast the tie-breaking vote on a historic bill aimed at defunding Planned Parenthood.Yesterday the Senate voted to overturn another one of Obama’s midnight resolutions. This one had to do with Planned Parenthood and the Title X funding the agency currently receives. Title X is a federal grant program enacted in 1970 under President Nixon. It gives subsidies to health care facilities that provide family planning and reproductive health services to patients that are uninsured or low-income.In a Title X clinic, there is a sliding scale fee for patients to receive breast and pelvic exams, pap smears, and other related services. They also provide free or low-cost HIV testing, pregnancy tests, and contraceptives. The federal government can either send the money directly to the healthcare provider, or they can send it to states, for them to disperse at their discretion. However, federal monies cannot be used for abortions, at least in most cases. This is where the problem lies.Planned Parenthood is the nation’s largest abortion provider. But, they also provide a number of other family planning services, that fall well within the Title X guidelines. These services they claim, are the main thrust of their business. Abortion is only a small percentage of what they do, so they say. This claim has been much scrutinized and overall decided to be false.AdvertisementThe nation’s largest abortion provider receives 25% of the funds from a federal program aimed at family planning services.So, the question is, should they receive Title X funding?  Right now, they do. In fact, a large chunk of their funding comes through through the program and they eat up 25% of the program’s budget, making them the largest recipient.Planned Parenthood swears that the federal subsidies go toward their other services, a claim many lawmakers find implausible. Even if the federal subsidy didn’t directly fund abortions, which is still not a given, the money frees other funds that can be used for procedures. In essence, giving federal money to Planned Parenthood is subsidizing the abortion industry, many conservatives state.In another one of Barack O-Sneaky’s eleventh hour appointments, he decided to settle the debate on his own. In Obama’s last month in office, he pushed through a resolution stipulating that states could not deny Title X funds for any other reason than their ability to provide Title X services. The regulation claimed that there have been 13 states that have tried to block federal funding from these providers, for “other reasons.”  The regulation was aimed at protecting the abortion providers in those states. Therefore, Planned Parenthood could continue to receive money.  The bill went into effect on January 18, just two days before the inauguration.AdvertisementThe March for Life on January 26 gathered thousands of pro-life groups from around the country on the National Mall. Vice President Pence spoke briefly, and Trump offered his support via Twitter.Republican lawmakers have never liked the resolution and a mere ten days after the inauguration, began the process of dismantling it with Resolution 43. The resolution allows the states to decide whether abortion providers can access the federal funding. It doesn’t do anything directly to Planned Parenthood but proponents of the bill say it is a large victory in the battle to bring down the abortion giant. The resolution breezed through the House in February.Planned Parenthood said in statement,“Four million people depend on the Title X family planning program, and this move by D.C. politicians would endanger their health care. This would take away birth control access for a woman who wants to plan her family and her future. Too many people still face barriers to health care, especially young people, people of color, those who live in rural areas, and people with low incomes.”Finally, it went to vote in the Senate Thursday. It was hung 50-50, with two Republican women, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska voting against it. Mike Pence, a long-time pro-life advocate, cast the tie-breaker vote to overturn the legislation. “The largest abortion provider in America should not also be the largest recipient of federal funding under Title X,” he said.AdvertisementResolution 43 will now be sent to President Trump. He has typically stood on the pro-life side of the debate. In January, pro-life groups gathered  in Washington D.C. for the annual March for Life. Trump could not attend, but expressed his support via Twitter. Mike Pence, however, did make a brief appearance.Of course, the liberal women are outraged, calling it a “sad day for America.” But here’s the thing about “reproductive health.” If people can’t afford the consequences of sex, then they shouldn’t be having it. Of course, that’s a bit of a pipe dream, especially our culture. But honestly, the American taxpayers shouldn’t have to pay for a 14-year-old’s birth control pills. We don’t mind paying for her math books or school computer labs. But we shouldn’t have to subsidize her sex life.Nor, we should have to pay for a twenty-year old man-child who works part-time at a grocery store to “hook up,” with reckless abandon. If he can’t afford contraceptives, or children, he can’t afford sex. It’s not a bill against women. It’s a bill for responsibility. When the feminist groups can calm down long enough to listen to reason, maybe that will be articulated.Share:








Trump is fighting hard for his travel ban in order to keep the people safe.There is quite a war going on in America today. It may not be a war with guns (unless one lives in Chicago), but it is a war just the same. It is a battle that, oddly enough, is about making sure that the U.S.A. is not shooting or being shot at by others. Of course, we are talking about the Trump travel ban that has now been shot down twice by federal judges who are more concerned with being politically correct than they are with ensuring that the American populace is safe. The President watched, as did the entire world, as Angela Merkel ignored not only her own judgement, but her own police force and capitulated to NWO demands to have radical Islamic refugees everywhere.The morbid truth is that they were not all refugees. The European Union found that many were rapists, child abusers, and sharia law practitioners. Having seen Hawaii become the latest state to try and allow such a terrible fate to happen here by allowing travel from dangerous nations, Trump is fighting back. His administration is getting set to appeal an activist federal judge’s moves to extend the common sense travel ban.Each of the nations on Trump’s ban list are nations that have promised to kill us.Advertisement“The Justice Department strongly disagrees with the federal district court’s ruling,” said someone identified only as a “Justice Department spokesperson,” according to The Washinton Examiner. The spokesperson’s comments were obtained by CNN, it is also noted, and it went on to say, “The President’s executive order fails squarely within his lawful authority in seeking to protect our nation’s security, and the department will continue to defend this executive order in the courts.”This works to highlight what many have noticed long before, and that is that when Obama used his pen like mad scribe from the days of Jesus and wrote unconstitutional executive orders until the ink ran out, no Democrat cared. However, when Trump uses executive orders far less and for totally constitutional means, he is condemned by everyone with a “D” by their name. It is for the left some horrible act of discrimination to take our enemies at their word. Nations like Iran chant “Death to America,” and it is done by MILLIONS of people there, not just a few. We are to look past that and play Russian roulette, according to the progressives.In parts of the England, even showing a death threat received FROM a Muslim is a crime as they cater to Islam.The Washington Examiner is also reporting that “U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson granted a motion” this past Wednesday that is to “convert the March 15 temporary restraining order into a preliminary injunction until the state’s lawsuit against the Trump administration has been resolved.” This freeze is going to have two profound effects on Donald Trump’s travel ban. To start with, a 90-day suspension regarding travel from the six threatening nations that are on Trump’s list will be halted. Secondly, a 120-day freeze on refugees entering the United States of America will also be stopped. Considering that the refugees that were posing as needy have in many cases done nothing but make placid places like Sweden into the rape capital of the world, this ban could really help a lot of innocent women.AdvertisementTrump has already pledged to allow 50,000 refugees into the nation, which despite what the dishonest media in America implies, is the same number that Obama allowed in. The White House is merely catching fury for not doing what some misguided leaders on the left desire, which is making that number 100,000. There is no way that America, a bankrupt nation that only hides the bankruptcy under the premise of fiat money and global reserve currency status, could ever assimilate that huge of a number. Moreover, how can America vet and ferret out threats for 100,000 people? Half that number is a daunting enough task, as it stands.Images like this are what Trump is working tirelessly towards preventing from ever happening here.Hawaii leftists are saying that the ban is bad for the state’s economy, but the counter-argument to that is that it is not nearly as damaging as a terrorist attack would be. Why does Hawaii, perhaps the most beautiful state in the union, need butchers and madmen to keep their economy afloat? Also, did they learn nothing from Pearl Harbor? The similarities are striking when viewed. Just like ISIS and other terrorist groups, the Japanese at the time of the Pearl Harbor attacks were bragging openly about how they were going to strike, it was even in their newspapers. Hawaii and the U.S. ignored the threat and it ended in a bloodbath. Today, the promised threat of terror is being ignored yet again by the same state that got blown up then!As history repeats itself, it is also being said that Trump’s order is unconstitutional because it “discriminates against Muslims.” At least that is the common media lie, but like most things from the MSM, it has no root in fact. Over 80% of the Muslim world is NOT on the travel ban list, so if Trump’s aim had been to discriminate against Muslims, he wrote a terrible order that only stopped 20%. Now, why would he do that unless that was NOT this objective? Once the matter is looked into, it becomes clear that what the White House is aiming to do is to halt traffic from nations that harbor terrorists and that have promised to kill Americans. There is nothing wrong with the targeting of such murderous abusive people for bans that restrict them from entering our land and bringing misery with them.AdvertisementHawaii has ignored threats from enemies in the past and we all know how well that ended.The Examiner article also says that the next move for the Justice Department is to “file a formal appellate brief with Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which ruled against Trump’s original ban.” Lawyers with that department have “appealed a separate injunction by a judge in Maryland,” and this will lead to the immigration ban also being heard by the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals.The gloves are off and punches are being thrown, so to speak. In one corner, Donald Trump stands poised to protect the nation from threats both foreign and domestic, as he is called to do. In the other, activist judges and those with an open border agenda that will create an atmosphere that begs for radical Islam to attack and rape us. There would be no debate nor battle over such sound doctrine in any nation that had even a slight understanding of just what sharia Islam is and how it could very easily spread here as it has in London. If that happens, Mr. Trump is not going to be the man that is to blame, that is for sure.Share:








The Navajo Nation is grateful for the Trump administration’s help.With the mainstream media overreacting to everything President Trump does, it can be almost impossible to sort out the truth. They create such a firestorm, the actual impact gets lost in the smoke. Even when he accomplishes something that nobody else was able to. We saw it happen with his immigration ban. While the liberal press was running around screaming about a racist president, Muslims were commenting that the ban made sense; they were largely ignored. Common sense and truth rarely factor in for the left.It appears to be happening again with the president’s energy policies. The press is complaining about the environment meanwhile there is relief among one Native American Nation.AdvertisementHiding behind a concern for the environment, Obama enacted several regulations that put a strain on an already struggling industry. In one of his many last-minute regulations, Obama produced even more laws that would affect coal miners, “designed to protect America’s streams and waterways from pollution produced during mining operations.” Whether they would protect the environment was debateable, the cost and strain on the coal industry was not. House Speaker Paul Ryan stated;“The Obama administration is fighting its war on coal to the bitter end. This one rule could have crushing consequences for coal miners, their families and many communities.”At the same time, Speaker Ryan agreed with promises Donald Trump had made on the campaign trail.Advertisement“If we are going to get America back on track, job-crushing regulations like this must stop. Our unified Republican government will act to provide coal country with relief.”Government officials declared the legislation, one small bill, would cost coal operations $81 million each year. Critics predicted a much harsher financial impact, including lay-offs.Then candidate Trump proposed an “America First Energy Plan” which would lessen restrictions on the country’s “untapped energy—some $50 trillion in shale energy, oil reserves, and natural gas on federal lands, in addition to hundreds of years of coal energy reserves.”As part of that, he promised to end “all unnecessary regulations, and [place] a temporary moratorium on new regulations not compelled by Congress or public safety.” That would include Obama’s eleventh hour bill.AdvertisementCandidate Trump spoke of ideas, including an “$850 million coal export terminal in Washington state, a $3 billion Northwest gas pipeline, and a $6.8 billion gas-export terminal.” These were all activities that had been handicapped by the Obama administration.This station and the mine are both an integral part of the Navajo community.The Navajo Generating Station and the Kayenta Mine on Navajo land in Arizona have both been hit hard by all of Obama’s regulations. Before President Trump, the plant owners had predicted having to shut down by 2019. The cost of coal had been driven too high.This would harshly impact the Navajo community who were already struggling. Currently, they contend with a 42% unemployment rate. 43% of the people live below the federal poverty line. Closing the coal plant would have increased those numbers. The lease agreements, royalties, and additional payments contribute approximately 20% of the the Navajo Nation annual revenue. The money goes toward schools, emergency services, infrastructure, and public parks.AdvertisementThe two employers have provided, both directly and indirectly, 3,100 jobs and $180 million in annual income. Workers and their families depend on the coal industry to help them survive. Obama appeared to completely overlook those facts.Ryan Zinke, Department of the Interior Secretary, is working with the president and the Navajo people to settle the crisis. They propose to keep the plant running for an additional 10 years. This would give ample time for the Navajo community to find alternative incomes.President Trump’s plan will give these communities a chance to find jobs.During a press conference, a senior White House official stated;“The president made a pledge to the coal industry to do whatever he can to help those workers.”The Navajos are grateful for the new administration’s assistance. President of the Navajo Nation Russell Begaye told the media;“We are … optimistic about working with the Trump Administration on this issue given the president’s unwavering support for coal jobs and mine workers. President Trump ran on a pledge to ‘bring back coal’ and provide economic opportunities for workers who have been left behind by coal’s declining fortunes. President Trump has an excellent opportunity to deliver on this promise by using the bully pulpit to help our people keep this plant open long enough to find new, high paying jobs.”Concern over the environment was a pitch that Obama could sell to liberals. None of them wanted to discuss thousands of people out of work and an entire Native community suffering because of their decisions. Mr. Begaye points out the consequences;
“For decades, clean coal power has been a critical economic engine for the Navajo Nation by creating thousands of jobs and substantial revenue for our people. The expedited closure of the Navajo Generating Station, the largest clean coal fired coal plant in the western United States, would create an economic disaster that would devastate Navajo families and our entire economy.”They are suddenly able to hope again, perhaps their livelihood will not be lost.
“President Trump ran on a pledge to ‘bring back coal’ and we believe that he will keep his word and stand up for coal workers on the Navajo Nation and across the United States. We are also optimistic about working with the Trump Administration to help our people given the President’s unwavering support for coal jobs and mine workers.”
All the liberal’s concern for illegal immigrants and yet no thought for a whole community of Native Americans. Somehow they still claim that President Trump is the bigot.Share:








How widespread is illegal voting? Nobody really knows, but it’s happening.When most Americans hear the words “illegal immigrant,” they usually think of someone coming from south of the border. But in reality, there are illegals here from all over the world. There are estimated to be hundreds of thousands of Africans alone living in the United States.An illegal immigrant from Nigeria has been indicted for mail fraud, voter fraud, illegal reentry, and being a felon in possession of a firearm. His name is Kevin Kunlay Williams AKA Kunlay Sodipo, and he is a citizen of Nigeria.It’s bad enough when people come here illegally to work and undercut wages, but this is a case of an intricate and aggressive attempt at defrauding the system. It is hard to fathom the mindset of someone who enters a country illegally, commits tax fraud, and then thinks they should vote in the elections for president. Imagine yourself going to France or China and doing that.AdvertisementAccording to the indictment from the Department of Justice, Williams, in cooperation with others, stole the IDs of public school employees from a payroll company. He then used them to file more than 2000 federal income tax forms seeking over $12 million in tax refunds.He also stole several EFINs (Electronic Filing Identification Numbers) that he used to obtain bank products that he then used to print refund checks. He then sent the refund checks to the IRS and directed refunds to prepaid debit cards. He had refund checks issued to stolen IDs, and black check stock and debits card were sent to his residence.According to the Justice Department, “One of the Tax Division’s highest priorities is prosecuting people who use stolen identities to steal money from the United States Treasury by filing fake tax returns that claim tax refunds.” This is a widespread problem. “The IRS estimated that during the 2013 filing season alone, over 5 million tax returns were filed using stolen identities, claiming approximately $30 billion in refunds. The IRS was able to stop or recover over $24 billion of that total, or approximately 81% of the fraudulent claims.” Williams was one of those tax refund fraudsters foiled by the IRS.The Department of Justice’s website lists recent news items on people indicted for tax refund fraud. There are ten for the first three months of 2017 alone.AdvertisementTax refund fraud is a $30 billion dollar problem.Williams originally entered the United States from Nigeria under the name Kunlay Sodipo and was deported in 1995. In 1999 he illegally reentered from Nigeria under the name Williams. In 2012 he registered to vote in local, state, and national elections by falsely claiming U.S. citizenship. He voted in the 2012 and 2016 presidential elections, allegedly. According to the indictment, he also had illegal possession of a firearm.If convicted, “Williams faces a statutory maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count of mail fraud, a mandatory minimum sentence of two years in prison for the aggravated identity theft, a statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for the illegal reentry, a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison for each of the voter fraud counts, and a statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for the felon in possession of a firearm,” according to the Department of Justice.Many stories have been uncovered of people voting illegally in the United States. The true scale of this activity is unknown. President Trump has called for a full inquiry into the matter.AdvertisementAccording to Breitbart News, “The Public Interest Legal Foundation recently released a report documenting more than 1,000 cases of voters being removed from Virginia’s rolls for reasons related to citizen eligibility.”A Texas jury recently convicted a citizen of Mexico for illegal voting and sentenced her to eight years in prison. The woman, Rosa Maria Ortega, claimed she did not know the difference between residency and citizenship. Ortega voted in in the November 2012 General Election and in the May 2014 Primary Run-off. It appears she did in fact know that it is illegal for her to vote, because the first time she applied to vote she admitted her non-citizen status. Her application was rejected for that reason, so when she reapplied, she lied about being a citizen. Ortega voted five times between 2004 and 2014. She also told interviewers she had registered for food stamps.Mainstream media flipped out when Trump suggested Clinton’s lead in the popular vote came from illegal voting.According to a study by political scientist Jesse Richman from Old Dominion University in Virginia, 6.4% of 20 million non-citizens who reside in America voted in the 2016 election. Richman estimated that of those 6.4%, Clinton would have received 81%, or 834,000 illegal votes. If this analysis is correct, then it’s possible the races in certain states were tipped in Clinton’s favor. Clinton won Maine, New Hampshire and Nevada by slim margins.However, Richman states that it is “not at all plausible that non-citizen votes account for the entire nation-wide popular vote margin held by Clinton.”AdvertisementThe Democrats are always looking to get more people voting, including illegals and felons, because they know these people tend overwhelmingly to vote Democrat.Senator Al Franken (D-MN) initially lost his 2012 election by the slim margin of 725 votes. After months of litigation by Democrat Party lawyers, Franken won by 312 votes. Later, a conservative group called Minnesota Majority looked into claims of voter fraud and found that 1,099 felons voted in the election. Now, which party do you think the felons voted for?The votes of convicted felons helped Al Franken win an election. Let that sink in.Share:








Brave men, who once served our nation in battles, now serve our children in a different war.There is nothing quite as foul as a child molester. Of all the sins and flaws that a person can have, those that harm or that sexually manipulate children are on the top of the “hated list,” and for good reason. Even the nation’s best punchline, Anthony Weiner, wasn’t funny any longer once it was uncovered that some of his sexting escapades were done with fifteen-year-old girls. There is just something inherent in normal people that cause their skin to crawl as if covered in insects at the mere mention of pedophilia. Young lives are often ruined or forever stained by such actions and thankfully, those that know it best are about to start fighting it.Prison Planet is reporting that veterans from many different branches of the military are coming together to “save children from sex trafficking pedophile rings.” Former Navy Seal, Craig Sawyer, has started a non-profit organization that shall work to expose the trafficking of children all over the nation and to stop it once and for all. It also aims to protect the innocent children from torture, something that also happens all over the country, every day. There is a much bigger problem than many suspect, particularly within elite circles, with the using of children as sex slaves and objects of grotesque enjoyment.Some men did not stop fighting after the war.AdvertisementThe reason why so many people were quick to ask questions about Pizzagate when it happened was not because people wanted to point the finger at a pizza parlor that now seems to have been innocent. Rather, it was because we know about the Lolita Express and the people who went onboard it. Some of these people were always in this shop eating and this lead to questions. Even way before this, we knew about the vile Jimmy Savile, an animal parading as a human being who used his BBC popularity to become the most prolific abuser of children since Caligula. Simply put, we are aware that this filth is seemingly everywhere.“These rings include members from every level of our society and involve unthinkable trauma inflicted upon innocent babies and children – the soul of our nation,” is what is written on the Vets4ChildRescue.org web page. These are people who have already served our nation in noble fashion, some have lost limbs even, and yet they have emerged to serve us yet again.Having been stationed in many Middle Eastern nations where child abuse is, if not endorsed, permitted to levels that make caring people uncomfortable is something that will help here. Decent people don’t know how pedophiles and child molesters work and they don’t wish to, either. These warriors (much like police who know, but are swamped with too many other cases) understand how they operate based on where they served. As such, that remarkable bit of insight will prove most helpful.Our vets are getting tough on child molesters and those that abuse kids.AdvertisementThe group aims to collect information “from federal and local law enforcement sources” and then use that data to connect the dots and bring to justice the “biggest names, families and foundations” that play a sinister role in the most unspeakable acts with our most susceptible. The group is comprised of Veterans Investigating Pedophile Rings (VIPR), which has many members of various military branches and intelligence agencies involved. Some of those agencies are “Military Special Operations and members of the CIA, TSA, FBI, NSA, MI6 and more,” to quote Prison Planet.It is being reported that Veterans for Child Rescue are also planning to use the tools of modern media that are at their disposal by making a documentary series that is to air on television. The objective here is to educate more people about the problem and to bring the issues regarding it to a much wider audience. “Until now, pedophiles have enjoyed a counter-productive level of privacy from the media. That puts more children at risk,” says a statement on the groups crowdfunding page. “Together, we can work with federal and local law enforcement to help arrest these predators and liberate the child victims.”Children who are abused all over America are about to have a few new friends to help them.All of this seems quite reasonable, and it really is, but that does not mean that this group shouldn’t expect some severe opposition to what it is that they are doing. As long as the “creepy guy” down the street is busted and put away (as he should be), then things will be just fine. However, the first time that an elite person of interest like a politician, a banker, or some famous actor gets caught, look for a brick wall to be hit. To this day, beyond Gary Glitter and Savile, we STILL don’t fully know who all was in the group of people who were harming British children.AdvertisementFor that matter, we have no explanations in America for the Lolita Express that flew Bill Clinton to an island where children were abused quite often as a matter of routine. Here is an ex-president who is known to not only be a cheater, but a rapist. However, none of that matters since he is just that, an ex-president. Once a certain level of power is attained, the rules simply have no reason nor need to be obeyed. If Bill Clinton were just the average man, how many alleged rapes, murders and shady connections would that man be allowed to have before he was investigated by alphabet soups that he had never even heard of? WHY is this not happening within the elite?Those who are abused as children often become those that abuse as adults. Our society must halt this is we are to have a society at all.Sure, one person like Epstein may fall, just like Gary Glitter was thrown in jail as some “lone perpetrator,” or so we are meant to believe. With Savile dead, “justice has been served” by locking up a washed up rockstar that no one has heard of since the days of glam rock. Who supplied those children to him? How did Glitter get their contacts and how often did he use them?All of the questions that would lead to us finding more names, finding drivers that saw things, etc. are all to be forgotten because to ask and pursue these questions one may just uncover more than “has been hit makers” going to prison cells. Considering the kinds of circles that Jeffery Epstein, Bill Clinton, and Jimmy Savile ran in, to imagine that there are not Congress members, judges, and federal employees who are part of the disgusting sex acts is to chose to believe in fantasy.This group of brave fighters are the perfect people to take on this role because they are not scared of a battle. They have seen the gunfire, the rockets, and the road side bombs. They have returned to combat a different kind of evil, one that they have been spared from seeing, but not from hearing of. Thankfully, the cries of innocent children will no longer go unheeded and ignored due to these bravest of men and women who, even now home, are still serving us.Share:








Students in German classrooms are being taught full verses of the Quran in order to assist in assimilation.Children in the fourth-year class in Germany have been assigned Muslim prayers and told that reciting these prayers is allowed in class. The situation became news when an angry father forwarded a handout to unsertirol24, an Austrian news service. The worksheet was given out during an ecumenical religious service and is considered to be part of a study section on ethics.A copy of the ‘Islam Worksheet’ that fourth year German students were assigned.The English translation of the recitation is: “O Allah, how perfect you are and praise be to you. Blessed is your name, and exalted is your majesty. There is no god but you.”AdvertisementThis is not the first instance of Islam being taught in German schools.In 2009 the Ministry of Culture of Bavaria created a pilot program called “Islamic Instruction”. The program reached 260 schools in the southern region of Germany. The Bavarian teachers’ association (BLLV) is now seeking to take the program and make it mandatory in all Bavarian schools. The BLLV argues that this will help assimilate migrants by teaching their religion in school. They opine that it will make migrants feel at home in Germany and teach native Germans about their new neighbors.German and Bavarian authorities are attempting to come to grips with the influx of migrants, who they believe are at risk of becoming a lost generation. In 2015 Germany accepted over one million migrants, most of whom are Muslim.Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, takes responsibility for importing over 1.5 million migrants in the last two years.AdvertisementOfficials want to combat the growth of isolated, tumor-esque communities made up of people who are, in some cases, illiterate in both German and Arabic. The literacy rate amongst these populations is estimated to be 4%. To combat this, some teachers’ associations estimate that 25,000 new teachers are needed.The presence of isolated, essentially nationless, communities is a symptom of a dysfunctional society. Perhaps some would go so far as to suggest it indicates a failing state. These types of communities – impoverished, illiterate, isolated – are breeding grounds for radicalization.The supporting evidence has been expressed in the suburbs of Paris, Rinkeby, outside of Stockholm, and Malmo in southern Sweden. These are the results that Bavarian teachers’ associations and German institutions want to prevent. They want to address the culture shock that one million immigrants (and hundreds of thousands more) who don’t speak German are experiencing.This culture shock is experienced by both migrants coming to Germany and German students being introduced to the Pillars of Islam. It is a problem that has been brought on voluntarily by German and EU lawmakers.AdvertisementMigrant protesters in Malmo, Sweden, a city plagued by riots and violence, after an overwhelming import of migrants.The process of assimilating over one million Muslims have some fearing that the native country is going to have to sacrifice too much of its own culture. Some EU countries are revolting against this trend and some are embracing and fueling it.The example of Bavarian schools teaching Islamic prayer is another link in the chain. Now, perhaps it is necessary. It may be that the only way for Bavarian teachers to begin an educational discourse with students who are illiterate in their own language. The Quran is known verbally, through oral tradition. People who don’t read a lick of Arabic are able to eloquently tongue out verses of Mohammad. Maybe it is a way for teachers to deal with the issue. But why is it an issue in the first place?The people of Germany seem to be ceding their national identity. One is compelled to assume that what is at play is some sort of grand scale, intergenerational, psycho-social reaction to the horrors of WWII and the Holocaust. Some pundits on the right have gone so far as to suggest that the import of millions of migrants, the welcoming of refugees, the secularization of the public sphere, measures like teaching Islamic prayer in school, all compounded by the fact that native Germans have the lowest birthrate in the world, is all a form of societal and cultural suicide.It is, of course, in the interest of Germany to insure a unified and functioning society. Bavarian teachers’ associations and German institutions are left to deal with the policy repercussions of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and EU lawmakers. They are attempting to bring together and assimilate. But assimilation is a two-sided equation. It relies on the migrant population and the native population to learn each other and come to an understanding of how to relate to one another. It requires bending on both sides, compromise, but also requires a strong presentation of native culture in order to maintain the integrity of the society, pre-migrant. There is hope that the native population doesn’t give up too much, doesn’t cease teaching Christianity or German and Bavarian history and culture, out of fear of alienating new migrants.This is a rational fear and an unfortunate situation. The German and EU lawmakers are responsible for inundating Germany with a population that is at risk of bottoming out. As a result, the prosperity and progeny of the entire country are at risk.Share:








Islamic extremists have found a new way to meet in public space to recruit and plan attacks.The world we live in becomes more and more diverse every day. A big part of this has been a push for political correctness. There has also been a move towards inclusion and diversity within public spaces. In the name of diversity, a group of Muslims in Austria asked to create a prayer room in a local health center.This room would not be used for prayer as it was intended. Under the cover of supporting religious freedom and choice, the prayer room concealed a much darker secret. Authorities would uncover an ISIS group, essentially hiding in plain site. As the police uncovered the true reason behind the group meetings, the health center was left to rethink their choice to welcome the group.In Lower Austria, the staff at the University Hospital of St. Pölten worked to honor all faiths. This included allowing the local Muslim population to set up a prayer room at the hospital. What should have been a cultural center and a place to worship would quickly turn into something extremely dangerous.AdvertisementA press release would alert the community to the following:“The Islamic prayer room in the university hospital of St. Pölten allegedly served as a meeting point for ISIS sympathizers on a regular basis. Three times per week, ISIS and the Jihad in Syria were advertised there. The group of terror suspects recently arrested in St. Pölten allegedly met there, too.According to a Kurier report on Friday, there were also criminal plots hatched in the room, for example for robbing a weapons store. Karl Wurzer, a spokesman the State Prosecutor, can only verify that the suspects met and communicated with each other. The leader of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, Roland Scherscher, says that they are “not pleased that information which endangers the investigations is being published.”The actual use of the prayer room would start to be revealed at the beginning of 2017. The young men who were using the space began to change. The staff noticed their behaviors became radicalized. One 19-year-old in particular began to associate with known terrorist groups. This teen would be found at a local ISIS demonstration and would be caught exchanging pictures of terrorist plots with others on social media.AdvertisementLocal authorities would begin to investigate the activities occurring in the prayer room. In March of 2017, several arrests were made. The room was not being used for prayer; it was being used as a base for ISIS activities.The terror would be planned in this prayer room as the group met three times a week. It would become a focal point of plotting, jihad recruiting efforts for Syria, and distribution of ISIS propaganda. Five suspects in all have been arrested from the original group that was investigated.Local authorities were able to disband the cell using the hospital prayer room.The jihad recruiting is especially troubling. Beyond the basic planning of an assault, recruiting efforts stand to increase the strength of the overall terrorist organization. Because many of the fighters are foreign, it is not clear how big the Islamic State, or the Levant (ISIS), truly is. Efforts to expand the numbers only adds to the resistance.AdvertisementISIS and the current ranks of the Islamic State in both Iraq and Syria grew out of al-Qaeda. They are estimated to be one of the most dangerous jihadist groups currently active. They are known for their aggressive tactics and brutal takeovers. The areas that they now control in Syria and Turkey are buried under a tyrant-like ruling party. These regions have secret prisons to torture and manipulate locals.Areas of Syria that have been taken over are under brutal rule.Whether the men using the prayer room intended on doing harm with a terrorist attack or were adding to the overall ISIS efforts in Syria, the planning taking place in that small room could have been deadly. Had it not been for the observations of the hospital staff, there could have been deadly consequences.Terrorist cells are not something new to Austria. In January of this year, several were disbanded. This included the arrest of a 17-year-old that had ties to a planned attack in Vienna. It also included the arrest of 14 immigrants who were attempting to brainwash locals.Vienna would be the intended target of a foiled terror attack.AdvertisementThe 14 who were detained were actively recruiting fighters for ISIS. They had established meetings much like the group gathering in the prayer room. The primary focus was to influence locals to become ISIS sympathizers.Groups of immigrants like these quickly blend into their local community. They live and work side-by-side with the people they are planning to hurt.By recruiting locals, jihadist fighters can easily hide. They can quietly meet in a local hospital, posing as a prayer group. They gain trust and demand respect as a religious choice. The use of the prayer room as a meeting space for ISIS is the ultimate snub of the community that was ready to welcome their beliefs.Share:








ICE agents protect citizens from real criminals. This is the story MSM does not want you to know.The efforts of ICE agents made significant progress in making the streets a little safer for the American public. Social media and MSM would like you to see how heartless these agents are, as they post videos of families being torn apart. This is not the whole truth and the outcome of a recent series of raids in the Pacific Northwest proves this.Between March 25 and 27, 2017, ICE agents in Washington and Oregon arrested 84 undocumented immigrants. The media would like you to think these are innocent, law-abiding members of the community.Of the 84 arrested, 60 had criminal records. ICE agents do not usually target those without criminal records. In the course of apprehending the offenders, they often find more illegal immigrants. According to an ICE representative, the raids target “…at-large criminal aliens, illegal re-entrants, and immigration fugitives.”AdvertisementMany of the 60 criminal aliens have committed serious crimes. These are not traffic tickets. After the initial conviction, many were already deported. They would become repeat border violators as well as criminals.A Mexican man who was charged with child rape was deported out of the United States. He came back into the country and was arrested yet again. When local authorities released him, they failed to notify ICE agents of his release.The refusal of local governments to cooperate with ICE activities put a child rapist back into the community. It appears even criminals like this have a protected place in the state of Oregon. Oregon’s Governor Kate Brown would make the following statement:“Immigrant families, please know that my support for you is unwavering,” she said. “As long as I’m governor, I will continue to fight to make Oregon a welcome state for all.”AdvertisementEven without the support of local or state leadership, ICE agents were able to take 84 illegal immigrants out of the community. All of the 84 have, at the very least, broken the law to cross into the United States illegally. The 60 with criminal records had offenses beyond the border crossing.The crimes committed by the illegal immigrants included drunk driving, physical assault, domestic violence, drug trafficking, lewd acts with minors, larceny, weapon charges, and sexual assault. In many cases, they had already been deported or were hiding from ICE agents because they were about to be deported.The laundry list of crimes committed by 60 of the illegals arrested by ICE agents.As ICE agents made arrests, some of those detained will face federal charges. It is a crime to re-enter the country after being deported. In the case of the child rapist that was arrested, he now faces charges that could end in a 20-year sentence.AdvertisementStates like Oregon, that take pride in holding themselves out as a sanctuary, are putting citizens at risk with their open arms policy.Governor Kate Brown supports efforts to help illegals, like these 60 criminals, evade ICE.Sanctuary cities and states do not protect the general public. They are protecting criminals like the man returned to the United States after raping a child. It also protects those who have been convicted of drug trafficking, violent crimes, and sexual offenses.It is easy for the media to turn ICE agents into the bad guy. But it is the ICE agents that step in to solve the problems.Both city and state officials hide behind policies. There is no accountability for turning a blind eye to rapists and drug traffickers walking around their sanctuary. This does not make their state or city welcoming for anyone but the criminals.AdvertisementSweeps of ICE agents like this have occurred in at least a half-dozen states. The current estimates of the number of illegal immigrants in the state of Oregon top 130,000.The efforts of ICE agents have become more visible over the last few months. The Trump Administration has pushed for a harder stance on ridding communities across the country of criminal illegals. Those deported during the first few months of President Trump’s term join the 2 million illegals that were deported under Obama.The mainstream media would lead the public to believe that the efforts of ICE are sinister. That agents are out there lurking, tearing apart communities and hurting families. This is not the case.As with most of the ICE efforts, this series of raids was to benefit public safety. According to the Bryan Wilcox of the Seattle ICE office:“This operation highlights our commitment to promoting public safety through the pursuit of targeted criminals residing in the U.S. Illegally. Our officers will continue in their efforts to create safer communities by identifying and removing those not willing to comply with U.S. laws.”It has become too easy for states and cities to ignore the dangerous criminals they put onto their streets. It may seem like a simple act to allow an illegal immigrant to walk away from custody without notifying ICE. It is not harmless though; it puts criminals out into the general public. These criminals can not be ignored; certainly not by ICE agents.Share:








The Republicans Have Found A Great Way To Make Mexico Pay For The Border Wall!Early in the election season, then-candidate Donald Trump uttered arguably the most famous line of the entire race. In a speech, he claimed the United States would build a wall on the southern border of the country. This wall would be the barrier between the United States and Mexico.Trump said that this wall would help keep illegal immigrants from coming into the nation. It also jumpstarted a national conversation that is still being talked about today, but not everything has been answered yet. While Trump proposed the idea, numerous questions arose, and arguably the biggest one has been this: Who is going to pay for the wall?President Trump has been adamant that he is going to have Mexico pay for the wall. Naturally, the leaders of the nation have said that they will refuse. Ever the negotiator, Trump has said that for purposes of speed, the wall will be paid by Americans for now, but Mexico will pay for it later.AdvertisementIt looks as if Mexico will indeed be paying for the wall. Several House Republicans have just come up with the first bill to have the wall funded. They are proposing a two percent tax on money that is sent home from Mexicans and other immigrants, called remittances. By taxing the money sent home, the federal government can collect the money necessary to fund the wall.It’s Looking Like Trump’s Wall Will Get The Funding It Needs After All.As of right now, there are varying estimates on how much money is sent back to their families from immigrants in the country. The most consistent number is above $130 billion though. A two percent tax on that money would give the federal government over $2 billion a year.Representatives Mike Rogers (R-AL) and Lou Barletta (R-PA) are leading the charge for this bill.Advertisement“This bill is simple – anyone who sends their money to countries that benefit from our porous borders and illegal immigration should be responsible for providing some of the funds needed to complete the wall,” Rogers said. He added, “This bill keeps money in the American economy, and most importantly, it creates a funding stream to build the wall.”According to the World Bank, remittances from the United States come in at over $50 billion a year. However, a Pew Research Center analysis is nearly triple that amount, with their study putting the figure at $133 billion in 2015. That is where the over $2 billion in tax revenue would come from.As it turns out, Mexico is among the top beneficiaries of these remittances. They took the top spot, with $24 billion going from the United States to the nation in 2015. This is also one of their top sources of income. China and India were the other two countries in the top three.Remittances are also a big part of the economies for Central American countries. As it stands, the United States has one of the lowest costs to send money back to their home countries, at six percent. Compared with other big economies, it’s about two percent lower. Canada, on the other hand, comes in at double the rate of the United States.AdvertisementTrump actually hinted at using remittances to foot the bill for the wall during the campaign. However, his plan was complicated. He called for rewriting regulations on wire transfers and then using it to force Mexico to cut a check.Trump’s Original Plan To Use Remittances For Funding The Wall Was Too Complicated. However, This New Bill Is Not.In addition, he threatened to cancel visas, increase fees on different visas issued to Mexicans, or even impose a tariff on the Mexican goods that are being imported into the United States. This new congressional bill is a lot less complicated, and as a bonus, it collects funds from everyone, not just Mexicans.This isn’t a new idea either. This type of bill has been put in use by Oklahoma. They impose a one percent fee on every single person-to-person wire transfers that go out of the state.Not only is it used, but also there is very little backlash against it. Remittances are a source of income that doesn’t offer a high chance for retribution against Americans. The Pew analysis said that there was $133 billion shipped abroad in 2015, and Americans only sent $7 billion in their own remittances back to the United States that year.AdvertisementIf this bill is going to go through, they might want to do it quickly. The Democrats are watching for any bill that involves funding the wall. They have a secret weapon up their sleeve that would shut down any bill that would go through. The Democrats are planning a last-minute situation where they would create a Government shutdown, similar to the one used in 2013.Democrats Have Mentioned The Possibility Of Using A Government Shut Down To Stop Funding The Wall.Democrats are also resorting to any trick they can to fight the wall. This includes Democrats that are not in Congress. The Democratic Governor of California, Jerry Brown, recently did what he could to oppose the wall. He started making a reference to the Bible and Christianity as a whole.Share this article to show that members of the GOP have figured out a way to have Mexico pay for the wall. They are planning to push through with a bill that would place a two percent tax on money that is being sent home from immigrants in the United States. It’s a start to get the funding they need, and a wall shall be built.Share:








The White House has extended an invitation to the principal members of the Security Committees to examine the newly uncovered evidence.In a bold move to further the ongoing security investigation, President Trump has extended a significant invitation to high-ranking members of both the Senate and House Intelligence committees. Key members of both committees are being invited to examine classified materials that were uncovered during regular White House business. These materials are critical evidence that may shape the Security Committee investigation.The invite was extended to leadership via a letter on Thursday, coming from the top lawyers at the White House. Press Secretary Sean Spicer briefed the press about this development as well.AdvertisementSean Spicer briefs the media about the White House invitation.According to Spicer, “Our view was that the smart move was to make all the materials available to the chairman and the ranking member of the relevant committees.” Spicer would go on to say, “We are focused on the substance of it, and I think the goal is to make sure people have the substance that are looking into this.”The invitation brings a new level of transparency to the overall cooperation of the Trump administration. Over the last few days, key members of the Trump campaign have also volunteered their time to be interviewed by the committees. The entire administration is actively working to cooperate to the fullest. This includes current and former members.White House Counsel Don McGhan pens letter that invites Congress to examine the evidence for themselves.AdvertisementDuring the press briefing, Spicer would also share the key evidence was made up of items uncovered by the National Security Council. The letter from White House Counsel Don McGhan expressed that the materials up for examination would address whether “…information collected on U.S. persons was mishandled and leaked.”McGhan makes it clear the documents being offered to the committees are significant. It is not clear if these are the exact documents that Devin Nunes viewed at the White House. Instead of focusing on the fact that materials are being presented, it seems some Democratic members are picking apart the invitation.Rep. Adam Schiff is a top-ranking Democrat on the committee. He is also one of the members that is refusing to acknowledge the significance of the materials. Before even viewing the documents, Schiff has replied with petty concerns over how the documents are being made available.Schiff seems to be spearheading efforts of the Democratic party to discredit the evidence. The focus is not on what they may learn from the documents but instead on who saw the documents first. This is yet another example of the infighting that has already derailed some of the committee efforts.AdvertisementAdam Schiff seems to further the Democratic agenda by dismissing the White House offer without reviewing the evidence.Schiff has not only jumped the gun to assume these are the same documents, but also accused Nunes of laundering them. Schiff seems to be lost on a tangent about the origins of the documents, not the content. He asked the White House staff, “…why all the cloak and dagger stuff?”“If that was designed to hide the origin of the materials, that raises profound questions about just what the White House is doing that need to be answered,” Schiff said. “I have asked the White House for their assistance in answering those questions.”The accusations of doctoring documents are made by Schiff as an attempt to take the focus away from examining real evidence. It is also a way to try to discredit the information if it does show something Democrats, like Schiff, are not happy with once they see it.Both Schiff and Nunes are making attempts to get the investigation of the Russian ties to the election back on track. It is unclear why Schiff is not open to seeing what this evidence consists of. One has to wonder if he is assuming that it does not fit into the DNC agenda.As Spicer would share in his briefing, there is “….a belief that the President has maintained that there was surveillance that occurred during the 2016 election that was improper and that we want people to look into this and to take the legal, responsible steps to both understand it and then address it.”President Trump’s concerns about surveillance have largely been dismissed. It seems that the Democrat members of the House and Senate Security committees are concerned about what might be contained in the documents. The odd behavior of the committee members concerning the invitation to examine hard evidence is troubling. It seems that the best way to get to the bottom of both the possible Russian ties and concerns at the White House is to actually look at real evidence and stop speculating.Share:








Activist-Artist Corrina Mehiel was murdered and tortured in her D.C. rowhouse. The man in custody is a convcited felon out on parole.The body of Corrina Mehiel was found bound and stabbed in the basement of a D.C. rowhouse. The suspect in custody is a Mr. El Hadji Alpha Madiou Toure, legally named Ellie Brown. He is a convicted felon, wanted for breaking parole on two counts of robbery in Tennessee. He also has numerous convictions in Georgia, including making a terrorist threat. The irony of the situation being that Corrina Mehiel identified as a social justice warrior.The affidavit says Toure used Mehiel’s Toyota Prius and repeatedly withdrew money from her bank accounts. Using her bankcard, he withdrew in increments of $400, $500, and $800 from ATMs in Maryland and the District of Columbia.Thirty-four-year-old Mehiel may not have had much money. There isn’t too much in her line of work: activist art.AdvertisementCorrina exhibiting a bicycle.In 2014 she taught two classes at the University of Cincinnati. She had earned a Master’s Degree there, majoring in Fine Arts: Community-Based Environmental Art and Art, Design, and Social Practice.The goals of her practice were to bring art into the public sphere in a fashion that inspired creative thought and gave citizens new eyes on their surroundings. She found expression in bringing life to the inner-city streets, she felt they were in desperate need of a stirring breath.Ms. Mehiel was in D.C. as a visiting artist. She was assisting a Mr. Chin in an exhibit that brought attention to the dangers lead paint poses to D.C. children.AdvertisementCorrina once wrote on her blog, “I’ve spent a whole lot of time and energy in my life trying to understand and ‘become’ an artist. Whatever that means. I have had some moments of clarity and will continue to embrace that aspect of my identity, and continue to try to use my visual language to communicate ideas of healing and peace.”These are noble goals. Yes, activism art and Corrina’s projects may be construed as goofy lefty behavior. Moreover, there is a critique that this type of activism-art is a product of privilege. An activity available only to those that can afford to get two degrees in the arts, which requires a measure of family provided financial security. This is not entirely untrue.But one should not lose sight of the obvious reality; Corrina Mehiel wasn’t sitting in a comfortable apartment and living off of a trust fund. Corrina was instead trying help those she felt needed her. She  proceeded in the way she knew, through visual language.Her friends wondered if the man would have committed the crime if he knew all the work she did for inner-city communities and for those she felt were disenfranchised.AdvertisementWe are grieving the loss of Corrina Mehiel, an integral part of the Fundred Team, and resolve to move forward in the spirit she practiced. pic.twitter.com/8TJcvvdzNX— Fundred (@FUNDRED) March 23, 2017Video evidence from surveillance systems show El Hadji Madiou Toure, 28 with no fixed address, standing outside of Corrina’s apartment on Monday morning. The last time Mehiel was seen was Sunday night at dinner. The last text she sent was to her boyfriend that same night.At 4:15pm on Monday, police showed up to Mehiel’s rowhouse apartment after getting a call from her father, who was expecting her home. The police state that there was no sign of forced entry. Inside, they saw the corpse of Corrina Mehiel. She was tied up, makeshift, with clothes and bedding. Corrina had cuts on her left hand. These are defensive wounds, say D.C. police.AdvertisementThe severity of the multiple stab wounds in her back and torso indicate to police that Corrina was tortured by Toure. These wounds would have been enough to kill her. Corrina was still stabbed in the neck. That wound is considered to be the fatal blow.There was no sign of sexual relations, forced or otherwise. D.C. police also state that there is no indication that Corrina knew Toure. Perhaps she left the door to her basement apartment in the rowhouse unlocked. Maybe he knocked and she opened the door. He presented an issue and she invited him in, in the spirit of Southern hospitality.El Hadji Alpha Madiou Toure brought his own knife. He gripped it with his left hand, coming down and across – a slash. He connected with the raised left hand of Corrina Mehiel. Toure knocked her out and tied her up. He extracted her credit card information with torture. Toure then stabbed, not slit, her throat and left with her car keys and her bank card. He left her to die.Acting Police Chief Peter Newsham commented on the horrific murder.D.C. police can attribute no motive to this crime. The only logical answer that can be provided is robbery. Assuming that is the case, that the man had only the desire for funds, one is left to wonder why he would go through such lengths. Corrina did not need to die in order for El Hadji Alpha Madiou Toure to take her money. He is the type of person she worked to help.Ellie Brown was convicted in 2005 on two counts of robbery. He was sentenced to eight years of jail time and released on parole. He was living in halfway homes and homeless shelters.Ellie Brown changed his name after leaving prison. One may imagine, from his name, that this man was an immigrant, based on its blatant peculiarity. It appears Ellie Brown was radicalized in prison. He was released early for a serious crime, serving less than 20% of his prison time.Corrina Mehiel is a casualty of Toure and the criminal justice system. Toure left the system early and washed out in the free world, crashing on the shores of reality, caught by surveillance systems, on the row, stealing someone’s car, cash, and life.Share:








Pro-life conservative David Daleiden (pictured) speaks out against indictment.Free speech continues to be attacked by the authoritarian left. If someone’s political ideology is different than theirs, all efforts will be made to silence them. This is because although liberals favor more racist and sexist forms of diversity, like diversity based on skin color or diversity based on one’s chromosomes, they loathe intellectual diversity. On top of that, they tend to ignore the truth when it contradicts their own ideology. Recently, two undercover conservative journalists recorded hours of footage exposing Planned Parenthood’s questionable practices. But rather than give thanks to the truth-seekers for their hard work, they were charged with fifteen felony charges! What’s worse, California’s newly elected Senator, and former Attorney General, Kamala Harris, appears to have conspired with the family planning organization to draft legislation specifically targeting those responsible for the operation!David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt, founders of Center for Medical Progress.AdvertisementAccording to the Washington Times, Harris collaborated with them to punish David Daleiden, his partner Sandra Merritt, and their organization, “Center for Medical Progress.” A Public Records Act request showed emails sent between Beth Parker, chief legal counsel for PP, and Jill Habig, the then-special counsel to Harris. The emails involved details of AB 1671, including multiple drafts of the bill. “Attached is the language for AB 1671, proposed amendments to Penal Code section 632. I look forward to your thoughts about this,” read one email Parker sent to Habig. Several days later, Harris’ team received an additional email stating, “here’s the rewrite of the video tape bill. Let me know what you think.” By saying “videotape bill,” it is clear that the legislation is partisan in nature and specifically written to target a particular organization’s First Amendment rights. A few days later, all of the video Daleiden had captured was taken in a raid, “including some very damning footage that has yet to be released to the public.” The raid was authorized by the Attorney General at the time, Kamala Harris, who received thousands of dollars in donations from the abortion lobbyists. She’s received a total of $39,855 in donations from pro-choice groups, including a $2,600 donation in 2016 from Planned Parenthood.  Former California Attorney General and Current State Senator Kamala HarrisAdvertisementThe bill, which was successfully passed thanks to Governor Jerry Brown’s signature in September 2016, explicitly criminalized the distribution of recordings involving healthcare conversations. But California has a double standard. According to the Federalist, liberal animal rights groups, like Mercy for Animals, have used similar investigative tactics, but haven’t faced any consequences. Apparently, the state has less mercy for the unborn than it does for animals raised for the expressed purpose of being slaughtered. Earlier this month, the Los Angeles Times reported that the offices of current State Attorney General Xavier Becerra accused Daleiden and Merritt of unlawfully recorded fourteen people without their consent or knowledge. The two allegedly met with several women’s health care providers in Los Angeles, Pasadena, San Francisco and El Dorado and used hidden cameras to capture the exchange. For their actions, they’re being charged with a felony for each person recorded, and an addition one for conspiring to invade privacy. In total, they’re facing fifteen felonies.You cannot target women, Planned Parenthood patients, or expert health care providers without consequences. https://t.co/BdAuQrNeZx #PinkOut pic.twitter.com/lDVJaAlJnR— Planned Parenthood (@PPact) March 29, 2017AdvertisementBecerra strongly spoke out against the accused criminals, making it clear he “will not tolerate the criminal recording of confidential conversations.” He then expanded, saying, “the right to privacy is a cornerstone of California’s Constitution and a right that is foundational in a free democratic society.”However, the current attorney general also has some questionable ties to Planned Parenthood. According to data from the Center for Responsive Politics, he received thousands of dollars from Planned Parenthood. They donated $1,035 In 1998, $1,000 in 2002, $500 in 2004, $2,000 in 2012 and $1,000 in 2014.In response to the charges, Daleiden’s organization, Center for Medical Progress, issued a statement criticizing the prosecutors. “The bogus charges from Planned Parenthood’s political cronies are fake news,” it read. “We look forward to showing the entire world what is on our yet-unreleased videotapes of Planned Parenthood’s criminal baby body parts enterprise, in vindication of the First Amendment rights of all.”Planned Parenthood protestors.AdvertisementAccording to an affidavit filed in the San Francisco Superior Court, the two conservatives managed to get several health care workers to expose Planned Parenthood’s extremely controversial practices. They accomplished this by using fake California driver’s licenses and pretending to work for a BioMax Procurement Services, a fake medical research company, to gain access to the National Abortion Federation’s 2014 conference held in Northern California. Under fake names, they managed to record eight attendees and speakers. They also used that same fake organization to dupe women’s health care providers into providing them with damning information about the practices employed at their place of work.Unsurprisingly, the video evidence quickly sparked public outrage after it was edited together and posted online. According to the National Abortion Federation, a “flood of hate speech, threats and violence” was directed at abortion providers. Planned Parenthood apologized for some of the things said, but insisted that it never has, and never would sell fetal tissue. Despite their claims, several states decided to investigate. There aren’t currently any formal charges made against health care providers for what was said in the footage.This is not the first time they two have had to fight for their First Amendment right. In 2015, they managed to get felony charges of tampering with government records dismissed. At a trial in a Texas courtroom, both the prosecutors and his attorneys concluded that the grand jury had been wrongly retained in an effort to punish the conservatives. The investigation was supposed to determine whether or not Planned Parenthood had acted unlawfully. Instead, the two activists were targeted. They were so confident that they were going to succeed that they turned down a plea deal offering them probation instead of years in prison.“The indictment was politically motivated and should never have been filed in the first place,” said the founder of Liberty Counsel, Mat Staver, who also happened to be representing Merritt. The same could be said for their case in California.Peter Breen of the Thomas More Society, who represented Daleiden, added “this meritless and retaliatory prosecution should never have been brought. Planned Parenthood did wrong here, not David Daleiden.” If this case is any indication of how their California trial will go, it’s quite possible they’ll have the charges dropped.If Daleiden and Merritt are convicted, they could potentially challenge the constitutionality of the California law. A case with First Amendment issues, like the one these two conservatives are involved in, could end up ultimately being decided by the Supreme Court. If successful, healthcare workers and organizations wouldn’t be able to prevent someone from exposing objectionable practices. If instead their convicted stands, Trump should use the authority granted to him by the people of the United States to commute or pardon the sentences of the two activists being unjustly persecuted. This would not be a case of executive overreach, rather, it would be one of restorative justice.During the final few days of his Presidency, Barack Obama commuted almost the entire sentence of a former official convicted of treason. Bradley “Chelsea” Manning, was found guilty of violating the Espionage Act for leaking thousands of classified or sensitive information to Wikileaks. The leak was likely the former President’s largest scandal, despite the left’s attempt to rewrite history. Bradley “Chelsea” Manning before (right) and after (left) transitioning to the female.While deployed to Iraq in late 2009, the military criminal worked as a low-level intelligence analyst assessing regional activity. Thousands of documents were copied by Manning, describing the abuse of detainees and unreported civilian casualties. The videos were made public with the intent to incite “worldwide discussion, debate, and reform.” Instead, the leaked information put many people in harm’s way. The documents revealed a number of U.S. military and diplomatic strategies used throughout the world, jeopardizing the lives of Americans living in, and fighting for, the United States. If Obama can release a convicted traitor who threatened our national security and endangered the brave soldiers risking their lives to defend our country, then Trump should be allowed to release two pro-life advocates whose only real crime was having a particular political ideology. But he should not just show compassion towards the two activists. He should also push to have Kamala Harris held accountable for her backdoor dealmaking. It is completely unacceptable for a public official to conspire against American citizens. Share:








North Carolina passed a compromise on its controversial HB2 bill, to no one’s satisfaction.Only in the the south, can a sports association go to war with politicians and come out winning on the other side. North Carolina, once the proud carrier of common sense in the debate of gender fluidity, has now caved to the pressure from the NCAA to reverse its bill on bathroom laws.House Bill 2 was a state law requiring people at any government-funded facility to use the public bathrooms and locker rooms of their biological sex. It was an inspiration to all conservative states that such a law could be done. But, it was struck down Thursday, for a compromise that the LGBTQ community is still not really happy about.The new law repeals HB2, but still leaves bathroom use to be controlled by the state legislature. No city ordinance could change that, local governments cannot create their own legislation until at least the end of 2020. The delayed timeline was created as a way to let the federal government decide how the nation wants to handle this as a whole. But the law does allow city governments to set their own policies for transgender employees and contractors. It is…a compromise.AdvertisementGovernor Roy Cooper stated, “For over a year now, House Bill 2 has been a dark cloud hanging over our great state. It has stained our reputation. It has discriminated against our people and it has caused great economic harm in many of our communities.”He said the law, “is not a perfect deal, and it is not my preferred solution, but it is an important step forward.”Cooper was in favor of a clean repeal and more protections for the LGBTQ community as a whole. He slammed the Republican “supermajority,” for hindering the “the full protection of LGBT North Carolinans.”AdvertisementHB2 was originally passed in February 2016, in response to the city of Charlotte, who created a city ordinance recognizing gender identity as a protected status as it relates to discrimination.But then the NCAA pressured the state earlier this year. The sports association called HB2 discrimination, especially as it relates to transgender athletes. The association ruled that North Carolina won’t be eligible to host championship games until at least 2022, unless they make “changes” to the law. The deadline for “making changes,” was noon this Thursday, and so, make changes they did. The compromise passed in the Senate 32-16, and in the House 70-48.A Republican representative Bert Jones sardonically commented that the Capitol building’s banners should be removed and the NCAA flag and a white flag of surrender should replace them. Republican Representative Carl Ford said, “If we could have props in here, I’d take a basketball covered in money and roll it down the middle aisle there. Because that’s what this is about: money and basketball. My family is not for sale. My constituents are not for sale.”The NCAA has not commented yet on whether this will satisfy their requirements. They plan to announce their decision next week. But in a statement, NCAA president Mark Emmert said, “The board had four problems with [HB2]. They’ve removed some of those but not all of them. They’ve removed two or three, but is that enough?”AdvertisementNorth Carolina has become a battleground for the national debate for transgender equality.The ACLU doesn’t think it’s enough. North Carolina executive director Chris Sgro called it a “backroom deal.”“It doesn’t matter if you are Democrat or a Republican, if you vote for this bill, you are not a friend of the LGBT community. You are not standing the right side of the moral arc of history or with the civil rights community,” Sgro said in a statement.The bill has economic effects as well. The Associated Press estimated last week that the financial fallout from HB2 would cost the state about $3.76 billion in lost revenue. Businesses don’t want to expand there, companies don’t want to come; all because of the stigma of over the polarizing bathroom issue.“We are impeding the growth in our revenue, in our ability to do more things for tourism, for teacher pay, while we have this stigma hanging over,” Representative Scott Stone told Fox News. “The time has come for us to get out from under the national spotlight for negative things. You can’t go anywhere on this planet without somebody knowing what is HB2 and having some perception about it.”Republicans hope to stall the compromise until 2020 when a federal pathway is more clear or the public perception changes. However, it seems that this may be the way the entire government deals with the issue of transgender rights–the same way they dealt with gay marriage. They introduced to the idea, it received widespread outrage for about a decade, and then, when the public fervor died down, they were able to pass the bill.The Supreme Court has issued a stay on hearing the case of Gavin Grimm, a transgender teen who claims he was discriminated against when he couldn’t use the men’s restroom in his high school. They have decided to shelve the case, specifically until public sentiment changes. Is this the way the whole debate is going to go? Wait out the moral fiber of the American people?Share:








Kendall gives viewers a look at the inside of a pedophilia ring.Warning: The following article and videos discuss the sensitive subjects of sexual abuse and pedophilia. Content may be disturbing to some readers.Pedophiles and their victims are a taboo subject. Refusing to acknowledge the problem doesn’t fix anything, it simply helps people feel better. It also serves to further punish the abused for the perpetrators’ crimes.Despite this reluctance, the stories do make the news. Lately the subject has become pedophile rings, the horrid groups of men that work together to exploit children. Always willing to venture into controversial subjects, talk show host Dr. Phil recently aired an episode that ended up exposing more than anyone was expecting.AdvertisementThe show would be a difficult one, no matter what. Viewers were introduced to a victim, identified only as Kendall. Her story is almost too horrific to be real. She claims that she was sold by her parents at birth to a man she would come to know as her “owner.” Millions watched as Kendall described a childhood that is unimaginable to most.“I was born into the world of sex trafficking. I was forced to have sex with clients. One of my first memories was to think it was normal for men to be fondling babies.” The young woman tells stories of the atrocities that she was forced to commit, not even including the sexual assault she had to endure. It is a graphic and disturbing look into a part of our world that most don’t want to know exist.While the story of such abuse is one we can learn from, we must also look at the people who were committing these crimes. According to Kendall, the animals are not who we would expect.Advertisement“My whole life I would travel all over the world, and would go to some of the biggest events to meet clients and have sex with them. They were all extremely rich and prominent members of society. Sometimes they would just want to have sex with me, and sometimes they would make me have sex with different people.”We often want to condemn the dregs of society with these type of crimes. If sex with children is happening, it is being done by creepy old men in dirty apartments or back alleys. It couldn’t be occurring within the realm of the rich and famous.We can’t keep hiding our eyes, the crimes are being perpetrated outside our front doors. For example, last year Dennis Hastert, former Speaker of the House, was arrested after trying to hide his sexual crimes. He has allegedly paid some of the underage boys he molested to keep quiet about the abuse. When they didn’t, he actually sued them to recover his money.The crime of having sex with underage victims is often dismissed. The girl or boy may be just under the legal age of consent and it is seen as revenge when they suddenly start complaining. Pedophilia is completely different. As Kendall describes, it can involve incredibly young children.Advertisement“…It was before I could talk. I was used to it by the time I was 2.” She recalled how much more difficult it was for the children who weren’t “born into it” like her.“The girls who weren’t born into it, they had a harder time. They were always kept tied up or in cages, and they cried a lot.”     The crime’s perpetrators span generations, party lines, and are often incredibly wealthy. Kendall describes the mansions where the “clients” would abuse, torture, and rape her and other children. Some even owned private islands or massive pieces of land. The children would be “set free” and “hunted.”One well-known example of that was Bill Clinton’s close friend, Jeffery Epstein. His private plane called the “Lolita Express” would fly high-powered friends, including politicians, to his “Sex Slave Island.” Girls as young as 12 would be waiting to have sex with them.AdvertisementClinton himself flew the “Lolita Express” at least 26 times. Sources claim he would often lose his Secret Service detail before boarding.In 2014, Keith Farnham, an Illinois politician, was charged with distributing child pornography. Investigations found messages to other abusers bragging about having sex with a 6-year-old girl and saying, “12 is about as old as I can handle.” It was revealed that Farnham has videos on his computer of children as young as 2 or 3. He posessed over 2,700 images of child pornography.The recent “Pizzagate” scandal linked several key politicians with pedophilia and human trafficking. It involved mostly Clinton friends and associates so the media was quick to call it fake news.The Wikileaks exposure of Hillary Clinton emails brought to light communication between her and top aide Cheryl Mills. The emails were about Laura Silsby who was arrested in 2010 in Haiti and convicted of child abduction and trafficking.Silsby and other were pretending to be missionaries for an orphanage and attempting to smuggle 33 Haitian children. Bill and Hillary helped their friend Silsby to get off with time served.The list goes on and on. Kendall’s claims on the Dr. Phil show are easy to dismiss. Without names, she claims her abusers included “high-ranking law-enforcement officials, major sports figures, and even top U.S. politicians.”Anticipating controversy, Dr. Phil attempted to verify Kendall’s story before the show. “I can tell you that a very reliable source has confirmed to us that Kendall has in fact been trafficked, raped, molested, and severely abused by a very large, very dangerous organization.”What will or is already happening with Kendall and her abusers remains to be seen. The young woman bravely came forward to try and help others in her situation; to bring awareness to the problem as a whole.The “elite” have risen to a level where they are seen, by the world and themselves, as untouchable. They feel protected from judgement and prosecution so they act with impunity. Abusing children is their sick “privilege.”The only way to combat the issue is to remain alert and sensitive to what is actually happening and not what we are comfortable with. A message must be sent; being rich or powerful should not be an excuse for these horrific crimes.Share:








White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer (pictured) talks to the media.Ever since President Donald Trump took office, the White House correspondents have displayed nothing but disrespect. In just about every single press conference, at least one reporter makes a false or questionable claim. They also tend to suggest things that are entirely not true. Their repeated misrepresentation shows they truly don’t understand what the facts actually are. Either that, or they have an agenda, and that’s arguably much worse. Every time they suggest something reprehensible, liberals overreact. Just recently, they have made a huge story out of nothing after White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer made a completely understandable request. While responding to a question, he asked Urban Radio Networks’ April Ryan to show some more respect and stop shaking her head while he’s talking. But rather than taking it for the polite request that it was, the authoritarian left took Spicer’s comment to be hateful and patronizing, demonstrating just how separated they are from reality.In a recent press briefing, Ryan suggested that the administration had an issue with their image due to the repeated allegations that Trump has ties with Russia. Exasperated, he responded, “If the President puts Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight, somehow that’s a Russian connection.” He then accused her of pushing an agenda and asked the rude reporter to stop shaking her head.AdvertisementPredictably, many overreacted, including the disrespectful news reporter. Within hours, a new campaign attempting to paint Spicer as the disrespectful one began. Regardless of what the outraged progressives say, it is clear the press secretary acted appropriately when he asked her to stop being disrespectful. Members of the press are expected to be courteous while interacting with government officials. This isn’t the first absurd thing she’s said. She also embarrassed herself at a different briefing when she suggested that the Trump administration was not taking the rise in hate crimes seriously, despite the obvious fact that the opposite was true.White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and Urban Radio Networks’ April Ryan spar during press briefing.This is also not the first time someone tried to imply Trump was uncaring. Jared Rizzi, White House correspondent for Sirius XM POTUS, insinuated that the President had not condemned the Quebec terror attack quick enough. Spicer responded by telling the clueless reporter, “I literally stood at this podium and opened a briefing a couple of days ago about the president and his condolences. I literally opened the briefing about it.”AdvertisementRyan and Rizzi’s encounters are not isolated events. The animosity between the new executive branch and the media is well known. It started out with crowd sizes. During one of his first interactions with the press, the secretary had to consistently correct the press about what Trump meant when he said his inauguration had attracted the biggest crowd “both in person and around the globe.” Trump clarified to those interested that he meant it was fairly obvious to conclude that given the fact that it was attended in person by vast numbers, watched live on TV by millions and streamed live by an even greater number, his first address as Commander-in-Chief was almost definitely the most watched. But of course, those with malicious motives will hear what they want to and continue to spread untruths.In another press briefing, comments made by NBC’s Kristen Welker demonstrated that she didn’t understand what Trump meant when he said the word “ban.” The press secretary clarified to everyone in attendance that the order was definitely not a ban. “It’s to make sure people who are coming in are vetted properly, a ban would mean people can’t get in,” he noted. Signaling her lack of comprehension, she then asked why the word was being used by the President himself if it wasn’t a ban. She was referring to a specific tweet that he shared, listed below:If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!Advertisement— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2017He responded by telling her that “those are the media’s words,” adding, “No, I’m not confused. Those words are derived from the media. Your network was one of the ones that just hours ago said [Homeland Security Secretary] Kelly didn’t know what was going on. With all due respect, I think you have been part of the confusion.”  The New York Time’s Glenn Thrush then attempted to interject, showing no consideration for etiquette. In response, Spicer asked him to “hold on” and “be polite.”In a later exchange with the same journalist, he had to literally resort to treating him like a child, saying, “Glenn, this isn’t a TV program … OK? You don’t get to just yell out questions. We’re going to raise our hands like big boys and girls. Because it’s not your job to just yell out questions.”AdvertisementAt another briefing, he pushed back on pointed comments made by ABC News’ Jonathan Karl. The reporter inquired about appointing a special prosecutor to investigate possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia. But he dismissed the idea telling him, “a special prosecutor for what?” Further, Spicer added, “we’ve heard the same people, the same anecdotes, and we’ve heard reports over and over again. And as Chairman Nunes made very clear today, he has seen nothing that corroborates that. So at what point are you gonna ask yourself, What are you investigating?”On a separate occasion, Karl had to be called out for being rude. Specifically, he was told, “Hey Jonathan, hold on can you stop interrupting other people’s questions? Hey, Jonathan somebody is asking a question. It’s not your press briefing. Julie is asking a question. Please calm down.”More recently, yet another series of tweets by the Commander-in-Chief was misunderstood and used against him. You can read them below:Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Upon reading these tweets, many assumed that he was speaking literally. However, once again, the press secretary clarified what was meant by “wiretapping” and “Obama.” With regards to “wiretapping,”  he said, “I think there’s no question that the Obama administration, that there were actions about surveillance and other activities that occurred in the 2016 election.” That was followed up by him stating, “the President used the word wiretaps in quotes to mean, broadly, surveillance and other activities.” With regards to “Obama,” he told reporters the tweets were referring to the Obama administration as a whole and weren’t intended to suggest the former President had any personal involvement.Given the number of times the media has failed to do its job, is there anything this administration can do to encourage more professional journalism?If reporters don’t start showing some respect to the Trump and his associates, Spicer will continue to hold them accountable and set the record straight. Under the new President, many journalists have forgotten to ask one of the most important questions before coming to a conclusion: What do they mean? Hopefully, the dishonest members of the press rediscover their integrity. They need to go back to reporting the truth and asking real questions. Share:








We all know how the liberals like to think they are the only ones who  respect and honor women, right?  And how they love to act like Trump is a male chauvinist pig.Fact is, President Trump has great respect for talented, smart women.  Let’s take, for example, his National Security Council, or NSC.In maybe the first time 3 WOMEN have held posts on the NSC at the same time, Trump proves, as we know he has time and again, that he has utmost respect for women!  K.T. McFarland and Dina Powell are his 2 Deputy National Security Advisers, and Nadia Schadlow is in charge of writing the national security strategy.McFarland is extremely experienced, having started at the NSC when she was only 18, in 1970, as a college freshman.  So, hey, no age discrimination in the Trump administration either!  They look for the most experienced, intelligent person, no matter gender or age!And Powell is not only a woman, but she’s an immigrant, born in Cairo!  So there goes the liberal’s lies about how Trump is just against all immigrants!  He’s against terrorists and people taking our jobs, not against all immigrants across the board, obviously!Finally, there’s Schadlow, who brings experience in both government and private security!So, there goes the liberal’s LIES about Trump and women!  LIKE and SHARE with everyone who you want to know that Trump has utmost respect for women!








This is a very dark day for the legendary FOX News reporter, Bill O’Reilly.The biggest suit wasThe other 4 women got a total of $6 Million from him.To make it worse, both Wendy Walsh and Andrea Tantaros have also accused O’Reilly of sexual harassment. Neither of them have gotten a payout as of this article being written.Damn, that does NOT look good.So is this the end of The O’Reilly Factor? Well, from the looks of this statement released by 21st Century FOX, probably not:Notwithstanding the fact that no current or former Fox News employee ever took advantage of the 21st Century Fox hotline to raise a concern about Bill O’Reilly, even anonymously, we have looked into these matters over the last few months and discussed them with Mr. O’Reilly. ‘While he denies the merits of these claims, Mr. O’Reilly has resolved those he regarded as his personal responsibility. ‘Mr. O’Reilly is fully committed to supporting our efforts to improve the environment for all our employees at Fox News.See? So is Bill O’Reilly guilty or is this just another attack on a conservative pundit? That’s up to a court to decide.As of now, the best we can do is help SPREAD the Truth around Facebook and not let the Leftist Media write their own version of the story…








Today a MASSIVE BREAKTHROUGH has been made in the case of Barack Obama spying on President Donald Trump.According to a report by FOX News, Devin Nunes now knows WHO was behind the unmaskings Obama used to spy on Trump!Even bigger is that, according to FOX’s source, the unmasker is both a very high up person in the intelligence committee AND he is not from the FBI.The source said,“The main issue in this case, is not only the unmasking of these names of private citizens, but the spreading of these names for political purposes that have nothing to do with national security or an investigation into Russia’s interference in the U.S. election.”And in case your are wondering HOW big this is, President Donald Trump himself sent out these two Tweets alerting the American people.Look, I think it’s pretty obvious what went on here. Obama and Clinton were definitely working closely together during the election. Obama was spying on Trump. You don’t gotta be some kinda super-detective to connect these dots.Now the real question is, “WHO was the individual releasing all these names and info to Obama? John Brennan? James Clapper? Loretta Lynch?”All I know is that Bill Clinton met with Loretta Lynch during the Hillary Clinton investigation in a private jet on the runway. I wonder HOW those could have possibly been leaked…








President Trump ripped the media to shreds on Saturday after the Russian controversy that rocked them. He called out the media for being “fake” and then said that the story was a “total scam.”The fake news media can’t handle the loss. Hillary was a horrible candidate and she couldn’t win the election because of it. They are pushing this false narrative that Trump worked with Vladimir Putin.Reporters are now saying that Trump was being surveilled. Trump! Trump! Trump! Get the energy higher. Trump is going to drain the swamp. Trump was spied on and whomever did it privately unmasked associates with his Trump-Russia narrative.It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017*** TURN OFF THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA!!They are not working for the American people. You can tell because they don’t write to help our elected President of the United States.Trump made this promise and he is going to get rid of the lying press.Let’s send the media a message:Let’s get these losers turned off before they ruin America.








Mary Anne Marsh is the principal of the Dewey Square Group – a Democratic public relations consultant, said that the Obama administration has been spying on Donald Trump since the spring of 2015, says The Gateway Pundit.Donald Trump announced his candidacy in June of 2015.Mary Ann Marsh: “fact, the investigation of Trump, his associates and their relationship with Russia started in the spring of 2015. That is a fact. That is widely known.”This is massive.Mary Anne Marsh, a democrat, reveals that the Obama admin had been investigating Trump since the spring of 2015!! pic.twitter.com/PYlhTAhOhE— Dagny Delinquent (@DagnyDelinquent) March 31, 2017 God bless Donald Trump! This man was spied on the whole time and still beat Hillary’s crooked ass.*** SHARE this 1 million times! This should break the case wide open! The mainstream media needs to answer for this. (h/t The Gateway Pundit)








The mainstream media won’t show you this. They are trash. You have Trasherton Cooper, you have Trash Lemon, you have Trashy Maddow and the Trashington Post won’t stop putting out unverified claims about a Russian connection.Let’s take a look at Evelyn Farkas. Watch her SQUEAL on live TV and break the whole Obama case wide open:*** SHARE THIS 1 million times, y’all! Obama is guilty as sin. Now look how the Democrats are changing their tune.Farkas: “..dark campaign of fake news you know that’s still ongoing. We see um even someone like myself get swept up in all of this…you know when people like me are speaking on behalf of process, people spin it to uh suit their needs and I think maybe the Russians may be behind such fake news today.”There’s a total distortion about what I said…I was outside of government. I had no access to intelligence on this whatsoever, but I was concerned because I knew how the Russians operate and I was reading these reports about them hacking into the elections then giving the information to Wikipedia.”*** SHARE THIS everywhere, y’all! These people are Russia crazy. They sound insane. Obama wiretapped Trump, the evidence is piling up, and pretty soon the Democrats are going to start sinking into the swamp.Should we drain that swamp, patriots? Give me and AMEN if you think we should. (h/t MSNBC)








You know, I figured after Hillary Clinton cheated the primaries AND the debates before LOSING to Trump, Democrats couldn’t go any lower. I was wrong…Earlier today, the new DNC Chairman Tom Perez went to a “Resist Trump rally and said the dumbest $hit you have ever heard!Quote,“Donald Trump, you don’t stand for our values… Donald Trump you didn’t win the election.”Wait, seriously Perez? Let’s look at the facts real quick.The Twelfth Amendment to the US Constitution calls for the creation of the electoral college to decide on the position of President.The electoral college requires 270 votes to win. Donald Trump won 306 electors. Hillary won a measly 232 electors. The math is not hard.Tom Perez was not done yet. He then went on to make the VERY offensive claim that…(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));The resistance is strong in New Jersey! Watch our live stream of the We Build the Resistance Rally with DNC Chair Tom Perez, DNC Deputy Chair Rep. Keith Ellison, New Jersey Democratic State Committee Chair John Currie, Rep, Donald M. Payne Jr., Newark City Mayor Ras J. Baraka, and CWA District 1 Director Hetty Rosenstein.Posted by New Jersey Working Families Alliance on Friday, March 31, 2017That’s total bull$shit! We do care a lot about people. Plenty of Republicans care.You know what, it was this cruel, arrogant attitude that made them lose in the first place. Maybe we owe Tom Perez a big thank you for essentially handing 2020 to President Trump right there.The number one rule of the Democrats: If something fails, just keep doing the same thing the same way. I say, “Keep up the bad work, y’all!”Share this out if you agree that the Democrats are DOOMED and let everyone know!








When it comes to keeping the US safe, Secretary of Defense James Mattis is NOT messing around. For years we have sat by and let North Korea threaten us. Those days are over!Yesterday Mattis met with his British counterpart, Michael Fallon. The two were holding a joint Press Conference when Secretary Mattis dropped this bombshell,Mattis told his crowd,“This is a threat of both rhetoric and growing capability.”“We are working diplomatically, including with those that we might be able to enlist in this effort to get North Korea under control, but right now it appears to be going in a very reckless manner. That’s got to be stopped.”See? He is not messing around.Mattis’s message was loud and clear: Kim Jong Un has one final chance to STOP building nukes and threatening us or we WILL defeat him for good!Like he said, he is hoping for Diplomacy, but not afraid of a good fight if needed.He also sent a warning to Putin telling him to back off his political and social tampering in the world or there WILL be consequences!Are you proud to have a man like James Mattis in charge? If so, Share this out and let everyone know!








Today, Donald Trump was supposed to sign some MAJOR executive orders on trade. That is NOT what ended up happening…Trump, Mike Pence, and the whole crew showed up ready for the signing. The President went to the podium, looked down, and got PI$$ED!He is sick and tired of these deals. He is not gonna simply sign any mediocre orders. Instead, he swore to take down ALL the trade cheaters out there.Trump said,Trump also ordered his staff to review all of our debts and compile a list for him of countries contributing to our deficit.If you ask me, it’s GREAT to see a president taking so much initiative in trying to get our trade and finances back on track.At the same time, he is giving the military the money they were needing and lowering our deficit.Hey, if all y’all are as proud as I am of Mr. President Trump, do him a big old favor and help Share this out.








Boy, it looks like the CIA will do just about anything to make it look like the Russians did it! Or North Korea did it…or China…or Iran…!According to what Wikileaks put out today, the CIA uses Marble software, which disguises viruses, trojans and hacking attacks.The way it works is that the software the CIA uses makes it look like the language a hacker uses is, say, not American English, but Russian.  Then, whomever is investigating the hacking  wrongly concludes that the hack was done by a Russian!Ya’ll, seriously now…our President is trying his best to CLEAN THE SWAMP of all this outrageous stuff our government has been getting away with, while we have been busy trying to WORK and RAISE OUR CHILDREN!It’s not just our TV’s, smart phones and cars the CIA is tampering with, as WikiLeaks revealed earlier this month, but now we are learning that the CIA is messing with our minds, making us believe other countries are out to get us, when maybe it’s our OWN country!Thank GOD we have President Donald Trump as our POTUS now!  He is going to stop these OUTRAGEOUS actions by our own government and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!SHARE this everywhere if you thank God every day that we finally have a real American in the White House!








Now FORMER, Deputy Chief of Staff Katie Walsh, was removed from that position yesterday.  Why?  Because it is suspected that she has been leaking White House information, that’s why.If that’s true, what a traitor!  Now, she has been an ally of Reince Priebus, the Chief of Staff, so, rather than fire her, she was reassigned.  She supposedly is a Trump supporter, so we don’t want to go too hard on her, without more information.  But does she support Trump?  Or Priebus? And whose side is he on?We know that Priebus was brought in to rebuild bridges with the G.O.P… but could that be why his allies could be the leakers?At least we, the American People, know that the White House is trying to find out where the leaks are coming from and to PLUG THEM.According to Jennifer Jacobs at Bloomberg, there are four names being discussed to replace Walsh:<blockquote class=”twitter-tweet” data-lang=”en”><p lang=”en” dir=”ltr”>NEW: 4 being considered to replace Katie Walsh as deputy chief of staff: Rick Dearborn, Marc Short, Sean Cairncross, Joe Hagin, I'm told.</p>&mdash; Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) <a href=”https://twitter.com/JenniferJJacobs/status/847636814793818112″>March 31, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src=”//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js” charset=”utf-8″></script>The leading candidate is Rick Dearborn, and he used to be chief of staff to Jeff Sessions when he was a U.S. Senator.  So we think he’d be GREAT!Cairncross is another Priebus ally, and reportedly just another leaker!  The others, for example, Marc Short, while loyal to our VP, may not be as capable of performing the duties of Deputy Chief of Staff.If you want the LEAKERS  out of the White House, SHARE this out everywhere.  Also, comment “STOP THE LEAKS!”








The first OFFICIAL NATO meeting may not be til May, but that didn’t stop Rex Tillerson from meeting with the heads today and handing them a Reality Check that they can take to the BANK!He told the allied leaders in Brussels today,“As President Trump has made clear, it is no longer sustainable for the US to maintain a disproportionate share of NATO’s defense expenditures.”He also said he wants the focus of the May 29 meeting to be on finding a way for all members to meet their 2% GDP spending pledge.The US currently pays almost QUADRUPLE the GDP amount of Germany and is responsible for roughly 75% of all NATO funding. This is unreasonable and unfair and frankly, not our responsibility.I don’t get what Liberals are complaining about. The math is pretty simple. NATO cannot exist without funding, and we are funding too much while also being TRILLIONS of dollars in debt to China.Look, we don’t want to see the end of our treaties or allies. All we want to see is everyone paying their fair share and doing equal work. Is that really too much to ask?








I think it has become VERY clear at this point that Congressman Paul Ryan is NOT on the side of President Trump or the American people.First Donald Trump asked Ryan to simply get Obamacare repealed and replaced. After 7 years of talking about it, it should have been easy. Right? WRONG!Then Speaker Ryan had the nerve to come out and tell Republicans “Obamacare is the law-of-the-land” and will NOT be going away. LOSER!Now Donald Trump is trying to keep up the momentum and move on to tax reform. TAX REFORM! We have a Republican House, Senate, and White House. For God’s sake, we can get Tax Reform, right?Well, not according to Paul Ryan, who said,Wow! Is this really the leadership of the Republican Party? No wonder they have been LOSING for so long. Ryan of all people should be optimistic and busy rallying the troops. This is just PITIFUL!We picked President Trump because we wanted a WINNER. Now we see that to REALLY win, we also need to kick out all the LOSERS in the GOP who are holding us back.So help take these dead weights on our party down with Shares all across the internet. 2018 is the year we TAKE THEM DOWN!








A top House Republican, Mo Brooks from Alabama, just submitted a new bill that could actually end Obamacare for good!Unline RyanCare, this solution for Obamacare is so simple, he managed to fit it all into one single sentence:“Effective as of Dec. 31, 2017, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is repealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such Act are restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted.”See? It’s so simple a caveperson could do it!Mo Brooks thinks the best idea isn’t to move on to tax reform, the best idea is to completely REPEAL Obamacare all together!Now, it is worth saying that Mo Brooks was one of those people who made it on President Trump’s SH*T list.When the vote came up to repeal and replace Obamacare, Brooks and many other members of the Freedom Caucus committed to “no” votes. Basically, he and his buddies are the reason Obamacare isn’t dead and gone already!Brooks also made it pretty clear that for him and a bunch of other Tea Party folks, it’s his way or the highway. He said,“If the American people want to repeal Obamacare, this is their last, best chance during the 115th Congress.”Now, I wanna see Obamacare gone more than anyone, but this man is CLEARLY no ally to President Trump. I think the voters should treat him the way he treated us, and pick a different Republican to represent Alabama during 2018.Share this if you wanna see Obamacare gone and think the Freedom Caucus and the Koch Brothers need to either work with the President or GET THE HECK OUT!








It has just been revealed exactly how deep Obama’s control of the “Russian” election story REALLY went. Trust me, this is gonna prove how right President Trump is!According to Newsweek, James Comey presented documents to Obama about Russia hacking Hillary Clinton very early.Comey wanted them presented to the public immediately.‘He had a draft of it or an outline,’ the source said. ‘He held up a piece of paper in a meeting and said, ‘I want to go forward, what do people think of this?’Obama’s cronies said “NO WAY!”Instead, they wanted to use this as a chance to connect ALL the intelligence agencies so they could all “conclude” the exact same thing.After that, they slowly twisted the information about the Russians to accuse Donald Trump of the unthinkable…WORKING WITH RUSSIA!This was the last straw for Comey. He wanted Russia dealt with, but not like this.That’s when he discovered Clinton’s emails on Anthony Weiner’s computer. He then resolved himself to at least let the public know about those, lest Obama try and shut him down again.So it looks like yes, Russia DID hack Hillary Clinton’s emails. It also looks like Obama manipulated information to his own advantage.Between this and the mass survailence of Trump and all Americans, Obama was a MONSTER of a President. Share this everywhere if you think it’s important people know the TRUTH!








How are those little pink knit caps the liberal feminists wore to try to disgrace our beloved American President at his inauguration supposedly now oppressing transgenders?  Well, apparently, transgender women are feeling sad because they don’t have real female reproduction parts (because God didn’t give them those!), so they feel that they can’t be a part of the modern feminist movement!  You’re kidding me, right?   And they are even blaming President Donald Trump for their allegedly being left out of their rightful part in the feminist movement, because, after all, it was Mr. Trump who made those comments we all remember and that the Democrats tried to make such a BIG DEAL! Well, obviously it wasn’t such a big deal, because he is now our PRESIDENT!  LIKE and SHARE if you think liberals are a bunch of CRY BABY, EXCUSE MAKERS!








When it comes to being all about the law with ZERO B.S., Trey Gowdy is the absolute KING! Today, he proved it again by taking down CNN with only 2 Words.The CNN hostess, Alisyn Camerota, tried to trick Gowdy by asking him if he was investigating the Russia-election claims and Devin Nunes at the same time. She was CLEARLY implying they were tied together.That’s when Gowdy fired back with this:Gowdy schooled Camerota by telling her,Alisyn, the trip to the White House that Devin took had nothing to do with Russia. So let’s don’t conflate the trip with the investigation.”He summed it up so simple, even a liberal TV show host could understand,“What Devin went to the White House about has nothing to do with Russia, so put that in a separate track. I was ready yesterday to start interviewing witnesses, all of them.”Great job, Mr. Gowdy! You absolutely OWNED those “Fake News” makers at CNN.Maybe they should take a lesson in honesty and hard work from this man. If you love Trey Gowdy, and I know you do, then let him know and Share this everywhere!








Modern day liberals have absolutely NO SHAME! I mean sure, the hippy movement was bad, but these new ones make hippies look like nuns! Don’t believe me? Just take a look at what they are doing to Kellyanne Conway, a HERO of women.So some liberals were out browsing the web and came across THIS picture of actor Patrick Stewart in drag:Something is happening in Hollywood tonight. pic.twitter.com/hhDTqOtBx5— Patrick Stewart (@SirPatStew) April 19, 2016Now, he did this back in 2016 and meant no harm by it. However, the leftists decided “Oh, he looks kinda like Kellyanne Conway.” So what did they do with it?This is not just sad, it’s plain disrespectful.We are talking about a hard working mother of 3 who STILL found time and energy needed to become the first woman EVER to manage a winning US Presidential campaign!While SNL and Stewart have not confirmed anything, you can bet that the Leftist TROLLS are working hard to make their dreams come true.Now, there is nothing wrong with making fun of public figures if it’s done FAIRLY, but we all know SNL will not do that. That’s why we gotta fight back and protect Kellyanne Conway from their abuse.The best ways to do this are STOP watching SNL and share this to let them know this is one step TOO FAR!NEXT PAGE==>They have no shame to continue to degrade people.  They are vultures who live off of making fun of others.  We want to tell Kellyanne she is a breath of fresh air  and we appreciate the truth from her instead of the constant lies that come from the Liberals, Demo-Rats and the Shadow Government. You are nothing but disgusting good for nothings.  Why not make fun of your Heros, OVomit and Killary or Slick Willie and leave the rest of the decent people alone. These people deserve it as they sold there souls long ago.  They took there 30 pieces of Silver and they will reap what they have sown.








HBO’S Bill Maher is getting trashed by the “Real Time” panel on Friday in a debate over Islam’s role in the London terror attack.Watch this:If you didn’t hear, the terrorist rammed a truck into citizens on the Westminster Bridge right outside the house of Parliament. This attack killed four people – included one American.“This is another example where we take one group of people and we demonize them,” said Louise Mensch, a Heat Street columnist.“The guy was British-born. His name was Adrian before his converted. And partisans of Russia were out in the streets saying it was an illegal immigrant who did it, trying to turn the London people against our Muslim friends and neighbors. And you’re not going to do that.”“Let’s not pretend this has nothing to do with Islam, the religion,” Maher said. “It doesn’t,” Mensch responded. “It has nothing to do with Islam the same way Timothy McVeigh had nothing to do with Roman Catholicism.”“Every time some bomb goes off, before it goes off, somebody yells ‘Allahu Akbar!’” said Maher. “I never hear anybody go ‘Merry Christmas! This one’s for the flying nun!’ ”“When Christians do anything like this, do we ever say, ‘Christian terrorism’?” asked Yale professor Timothy Snyder.“No. But is Christian terrorism as big a problem?” asked Maher in response.We might not agree on a lot of things, but Bill Maher is right about this. When are we going to call this what it is. Islamic extremism is a problem that needs to be dealt with.*** SHARE this if you agree! We need to address the problem of Islamic terrorism immediately before the western world falls. (h/t The Hill)








You know, there are a lot of liberal celebrities out there who are just plain NATSY to President Donald Trump. Of course, none of them (other than Rosie O’Donnell) are as bad as Whoopi Goldberg.She has said a lot of BAD stuff before, but last night on The View she took it one step too far…She is just terrible.“The bottom line is nobody wiretapped your ass! So maybe Sean Spicer, I know you don’t get this, but perhaps an apology to the former commander-in-chief for accusing him (Obama) of a federal crime, of a felony.”YEAH RIGHT! Like Donald Trump would EVER apologize to Obama.Where was Obama’s apology to the American people when he expanded to Patriot Act to spy on America? Where was his apology for making Iran rich enough to afford jets and missiles? Where was his apology for ISIS?!Look, if anyone owes an apology, it’s Barack Obama. Whoopi Goldberg isn’t even worth our time. Obama owes all of America an apology for BETRAYING our national interests.Let’s share this around with the message FIRE WHOOPI GOLDBERG so we can show her what happens when you mess with America’s President!What a load of bull from a Trump supporterFor what. Telling it for what it is. Whoopie is a lemon on a orange tree.Well, yes there is, Whoopi. I was reading about it this morning.Why don’t they finally just fire all these women and cancel this show?I guess they’ve not heard about the recordings that have been uncovered.I.think.a.list.of.all.the.innocent.Americans.that.died.at.the.hands.of.an.illegal.immigrant.would.be.nice.And.the.American.soldiers,that.died.because.Obama.released.terrorists.from.Gitmo.Or.the.insane/debt.Obama.created.because.of.his.anti-business.anti-American.agenda.there.is.so.much.more.facts.showing.how.bad.Obama.crapped.on.America.and.Americans








President Trump has too many CFR members in his administration. He has too many neocons. We have too many troops out of the country.  What is going on? Why is Trump sending more troops to antagonize Russia?Have the neocons gained control?








http://verociti.comTrade sanctions may one day be seen as the opening shots of WWIII. Economic sanctions have become the first attack of choice in bending or weakening non-compliant adversaries to the modern western globalist view.  The US encouraged the Ukrainian maiden revolution after their President turned towards Russia over the EU. The US and its western allies started imposing financial and trade sanctions on Russia. These sanctions were advantageous to the US who had little trade with Russia while financially hurting many countries within the EU. They continued ratcheting up the sanctions against Russia who in turn created counter sanctions and refused to yield to the pressure from the west. Now the US has put China in its sights and has started sanctioning their companies using North Korea and Iran as the excuse. The US in trying to maintain its global hegemony is going after countries that currently or will in the future challenge its ability to project power globally.China is rapidly growing its military and will have the ability soon to impose financial sanctions and penalties against its adversaries a feat that has been limited to the US and its allies. China realizes as the west does that if they can gain the ability to control trade through its surrounding seas it can unseat the United States political and economic power.  The US and Europe like Japan was at the beginning of WW2, is very dependent on imports and fear having its trade controlled by adversaries. When these hegemonic views are challenged the US has two options economic warfare and/or military war.Almost all modern wars involving the US since WW1 have evolved from economic actions. The US was drawn into WW2 after Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. This was precipitated from the US starting trade sanctions against Japan in July 1940 on oil and steel. Then in July 1941 the US started a full oil and economic embargo on Japan who at the time was at war with China and dependent on 80% of its imports from the west.President Donald Trump on the 31st of March 2017 signed two  Presidential Executive Orders, “Establishing Enhanced Collection and Enforcement of Antidumping and Countervailing Duties and Violations of Trade and Customs Laws” and “Regarding the Omnibus Report on Significant Trade Deficits.”Trade and economic warfare almost always preceded actual war.  President Trump will host President Xi of China at Mar-a-Lago on April 6th and 7th where he is to address trade and North Korea.China realizes the power that it could soon yield against other nations. The west’s ability to prevent this power exchange is closing. The military might of China in four years will be sufficient to control their surrounding seas almost unchallenged. Any nation that would challenge this control would have to be willing to sacrifice significant military losses while China embargoed trade through the surrounding seas causing massive economic chaos to their country. China is starting to project its growing military and economic power by setting up bases in other countries like their new naval base in Djibouti Africa. China’s Chairman of the National People’s Congress Standing Committee Zhang Dejiang stated this past week, “China is ready to work with Cuba to advance military ties so as to further enrich bilateral relations.” According to Reuters, Chinese Defense Ministry spokesman Wu Qian, told a monthly news briefing on March 30th in reference to the US supplying new weapons that “Separatist Taiwan independence forces and their activities are the greatest threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait…It is futile to use weapons to refuse unification and is doomed to have no way out.”CONTINUE READING








General Mattis says global warming is real.  General Mattis says he will quickly spring into action to defend any anti-Islamic rhetoric.  Does this sound like a man who says he has Trump’s back?








From Jason AYou Won’t Believe this Shocking Video… (2017-2018 EVENTS)








By Lisa Haven Do you ever get bogged down with hearing just how bad the shape our country is in? Or how massive corruption has spread all the way from the White House on down to Congress? Do you ever feel helpless and incapable of stopping it? Well now is the time to do something about it.We Americans have stood by helplessly for far too long. We have allowed apathy to rise and engulf our passions, we have allowed communism and tyranny to rise and we have allowed the blatant obliteration of our freedoms. But no longer should we stand idly by and allow these atrocities to continue. Now is the time to save America before it’s too late.The video below I interview Coach Dave, a man who himself has stood against corruption by winning a battle with the ACLU. We can’t expect Donald Trump to do it all on his own, we must step up and into action….








~~Published on Apr 1, 2017Hear me on two issues: Brexit will have an IMPACT on U.S. and plz Potus, get out of the Middle East. It’s a disaster.Video is set to start on the Trump and wars topic. To see the entire video with Dr. Steve Pieczenik, just scroll back to the beginning.https://youtu.be/56FPf6Em5jg?t=2m54s








I must add something that is not addressed in the video: Mr. Trump refuses to say if he has asked for forgiveness.  We are not called to be ‘fruit’ inspectors but Mr. Trumps silence on his salvation is alarmingly loud. I’m just saying ….#neverHillary #maga #proIsrael #proLife #AmericaFirst #noGlobalismFrom Sheila ZilinskyEXPLOSIVE! NEW! Trump & The Jews- Should Christians Be Concerned?- John TorellPastor Torell joins Sheila to discuss the Jewish lobby surrounding Trump. How to Escape the Hell and Doom that’s Fast Approaching!Sign up for more on my Website and more stories from Jonathan Lee on Before It’s News  & #followMe on Twitter #CCOT #MAGA #MASA








Dave HodgesTHE COMMON SENSE SHOWIt is official, Trump has bent to the pressure and has agreed to an election redo which will take place in the fall of this year. The details are in the following video.Happy April Fools Day!  Thank you for being our partner in our quest for freedom, but let’s not forget to laugh a little along the way. God bless all of you!Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’TFORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information. Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more








Danny Gold for Liberty Writers reports, Donald Trump was 100% right! Barack Obama did make a massive rule change right before leaving office just to get away with spying on President Donald Trump.There was a longstanding rule that forced intelligence agencies to censor the names of Americans intercepted during monitoring on foreign nationals before passing them on.Barack Hussein Obama II is an American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017. He is the first African American to have served as president, as well as the first born outside the contiguous United States.Donald John Trump (born June 14, 1946) is an American businessman, television personality, politician, and the 45th and current President of the United States. As of 2017, Forbes listed him as the 544th wealthiest person in the world (201st in the United States) with a net worth of $3.5 billion.What do you think about this news and video? Thanks for stopping by and stay tuned for more breaking news from BIN! Happy Coyote Day! April 1st 2017! Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








The PizzaGate topic has been one of great controversy, and for good reason – if true, the implications of the allegations are huge. It would turn how we view powerful people including Presidents, high ranking political officials and those we entrust to run our countries on its head. These people would be, under the definitions of our systems, criminals committing pedophilia.
So one must be careful in digging into the correct details when exploring this subject. At the same time, you would assume that if all of this was not true, it would be no problem allowing full on investigations to take place. Except, that’s not what is happening.An NBC news report claims that Hillary Clinton, while acting as secretary of state, shut down an investigation into an elite pedophile ring in State Department ranks in order to avoid scandal and protect the careers of high ranking officials and an ambassador. Why would this need to happen?The NBC investigation was broadcast prior to when NBC became heavily slanted in favor of Hillary’s campaign in the recent election. They were handed internal State Department memos to back up claims of a massive Hillary Clinton elite pedophile ring cover-up.“Serious allegations concerning the State Department,” the NBC anchor announced, before launching into the disturbing details that mainstream media would be unable to report on in 2017 given the backlash received and cover up that ensued when PizzaGate began circulating.“According to internal State Department memos the agency might have called off or intervened into investigations into possibly illegal, inappropriate behaviour within its ranks allegedly to protect jobs and avoid scandals.”“This concerns a time when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.”“There is an old saying in Washington that the cover-up is worse than the crime. But in this case both parts of it are disturbing,” Chuck Todd continued.“Allegations of prostitution and pedophilia, and allegations that those crimes were somehow covered up or not looked into. So the State Department this morning is having to respond to those claims, and those investigations involve misconduct by State Department officials, including an Ambassador and security agents attached to then secretary of state, Hillary Clinton.”“The allegations are that these investigations were whitewashed, quashed altogether, and that those orders came from high up.”“NBC has obtained documents relating to ongoing investigations into some disturbing allegations involving State Department personnel and at least one ambassador. A State Department memo says, quote, “the Ambassador routinely ditched his protective security detail in order to solicit sexual favors from both prostitutes and minor children.“The memo also says a top State Department official directed State Department investigators to “cease the investigation” into the ambassador’s conduct.” It’s just one of what another document describes as “several examples of undue influence” from top State Department officials.”Former State Official Steve Piezenik has also come forward explaining how Hillary Clinton is involved in an underground elite pedophile ring.“We know that both of them have been a major part and participant of what’s called The Lolita Express, which is a plane owned by Mr. Jeff Epstein, a wealthy multi-millionaire who flies down to the Bahamas and allows Bill Clinton and Hillary to engage in sex with minors, that is called Pedophilia.”  You can read this full story here.We can also look back to a recent debacle that took place when CBS anchor Ben Swann told the pizzagate story during his segment Reality Check. It was a very fair and balanced report with little emotion or conclusion drawn. It allowed the viewer to make up their minds for themselves and unlike many mainstream media stories, it didn’t aggressively try to stray the viewer in a direction. Yet Swann’s episode was shut down, removed and his personal work was taken offline. After some time he returned to CBS but the pizzagate story was buried.We spoke with Ben not long after, we plan to release a short documentary outlining what happened completely with the whole pizzagate story backlash in the coming months.In contrast to Clinton’s cover-up, President Trump has announced a federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking earlier this month and promised to help put an end to the “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place.”Not long ago, president Trump held a short press conference following a meeting with human trafficking experts to announce he will direct “the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies” to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation.While this investigation requires much more attention, Trump only appeared at the press conference for less than two minutes. He stated that the issue has been on the radar of federal government for some time but since taking office in January the investigation has become “much more focused.” We hope to see him stay true with this intention and bring an end to this racket.“It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.”Why This Needs To Be ExploredWhile it is very easy to view this type of story as negative in our minds, it’s important we bring the truth to the surface. We are in a time when humanity is faced with serious decisions about its future. Do we continue down the disconnected and incredibly destructive path we are on, or do we continue to awaken to what’s really going on in our world, dismantle it and then create a world where we can thrive?There is no doubt that what used to slip through the cracks years ago no longer does. People are much more wise to the games and cover ups going on in our world, especially within high ranking political and military levels within the US. Many have become much more informed about the ruling cabal or shadow government or deep state that is running our world. This was a conspiracy just 10 years ago, and yet now it’s even being discussed in mainstream news.This illustrates quite clearly the grand shift in consciousness humanity is experiencing and through this process we will be seeing the truth about what is really going on in our world so as a whole we can process and shift all that we have been creating from the level of consciousness we have been experiencing for centuries. This will mean facing our ‘darkness’, working through deep seeded emotional pain, moving beyond our ego’s, understanding who we truly are and why we are here and so forth. Not from a religious or ‘new age’ way, but from a basic understanding of how all things function. We’re already seeing this happen in a big way with the rise of new understandings into the spiritual nature of who we truly are.So as these truths come to light, we’re challenged to look beyond judgement of them, process the anger, the ‘hate’, the fear or worry that might come and instead get into a place where we can see the experience as something we simply do not want in our reality and more so, can understand how it has served us to grow. Again, this is not about allowing things like this to continue, but to instead end it and change it from a place of love and peace verses a place of anger, resentment and grief, which will only create more of it.Change starts within. By creating these shifts in perception within ourself, we become clear on the correct action to take moving forward and also give permission for others to see the world in a new way too, which allows things to shift in a much deeper way. We are all capable of this.








If you’ve been on social media at all the last two days, chances are you’ve seen the report about FEMA activating and sending it’s entire Civilian Corps to Atlanta last week for training, which means that something big is about to go down in the United States. You can be sure whatever it is, it’s not good.Why?Because FEMA people are a lot like U.N. troops being somewhere… they’re only there because either1) There is massive violence and the sovereign government cannot handle it alone; OR2) There’s about to be. You never see U.N. troops stationed at lovely vacation destinations do you? That ought to make a person wonder why there are so many U.N. troops on U.S. soil, and why they’ve been conducting MASSIVE military operations here for over a year… but we’ll get to that later. For now, if you haven’t heard about the FEMA Civilian Corp being activated, the following video will give you a brief summary, and then I’ll elaborate on much more you should know about afterward. To see the report about the Civilian Corps being sent to Atlanta last week, check it out HERE:The remainder of this post is going to be set up the way I’ve set up several posts in the past that have been wildly popular on various issues, which is by putting the information in a timeline format. What could FEMA possibly be up to? I don’t profess to have the answers to anything, but because I write about FEMA and our corrupt government’s plans for continuity so much, I searched through the last several months of posts, and several stories jumped out immediately as potentially being part of a much larger narrative. In the video below, I give a brief overview of at least four national “storms” brewing that look like they could be making their way toward converging into one massive “storm” aka “national state of emergency,” which is when FEMA gets called in. After the video, the timeline of stories presented begins with the oldest, and ends with the most recent in a timeline filled with what are seemingly related and quite disturbing news.In my video above I mentioned that there are AT LEAST four storms brewing that could easily be the reason FEMA activated and sent it’s entire Civilian Corps to Atlanta last week for training. Those were:1) A looming natural disasters (i.e. earthquakes from the “mistake”);2) FEMA CAMPS needed because of a massive outbreak of tuberculosis or whatever other diseases are coming in thanks to Obama’s DHS bus service;3) Economic Collapse;4) Martial Law resulting from civil unrest and rioting related to the 2016 election process, economic collapse, Obama’s gun grab, or anything else already mentioned…Remember, I am not claiming to know precisely why the FEMA Civilian Corp was all activated and called to Atlanta for training. Each of my previous posts in the timeline below normally have information and videos from multiple sources. That means when the timeline is looked at collectively, there are dozens and dozens of stories, from just as many authors, from just as many news sources, and then my own additional information as well. Therefore, if you find a post with something incorrect, then congratulations, I’ll send you a metal.Here’s some food for thought though: The media has reported virtually NONE of this, because they are as much a part of the problem as anything. So, rather than trying to seek out or pinpoint any minor mistake I may have made, then bombard me with nasty comments or personal insults (I have a staff of one: me), why not accept that I am flawed, and then focus your attention on the several DOZEN items that are spot on, and ask yourself why the media is deliberately not covering any of it, when the stories are absolutely major news, and should terrify any sane person as to why they are being kept in the dark! Just a thought for you! This post is huge, and contains a ton of information, but the following gives you a brief summary. The gentleman onscreen in the video below says that a secret Emergency FEMA meeting took place the 2nd week in April as a result of a critical mistake made by the U.S. government while conducting underground military operations. He says at the meeting were scientists, seismologists, geologists, and other experts who analyzed what they referred to as the potential for a “major separation of land mass” (whatever that is) as a result of the “mistake.” The same experts allegedly said the “major separation of land mass” would be the ongoing cause of a “major strain” along a fault line in the months and years to come, and that the end result will wreak havoc on the earth. The “mistake” was apparently a pretty big one. Allegedly the experts warned that we should expect an escalation in natural disasters like never before in history, giving way to unpredictable and unusual weather patterns, and what they called “swarms of earthquake activity.” READ MORE:Say Goodbye to the 50 States, Get Ready for FEMA Regions For the North American UnionAs a result of this activity, the scientists are very concerned about losing critical infrastructure… things like water, electric, sanitation, some municipalities may even be in danger of being lost completely, and that’s just the beginning. Since most of what the gentleman in the video above says is hearsay, because he wasn’t allowed to participate in the alleged meeting, there is another video in that post (2 hours) where a Sgt. Pattie L. Brassard and Sgt. Daniel Brad Mac Bolen analyze what the gentleman above says using high tech satellites. The video can be very dry, but WELL worth the two hours. They are able to confirm virtually every word he says. There is are plenty of links in that post to information on the underground military operations, but the one below is most recent.This post is the first of quite a few dealing with the number of Obama’s refugees that are infected with one of the deadliest diseases known to man: Tuberculosis. At last count I had reported on at least three states with massive refugee outbreaks, Vermont being the worst with HALF of them being infected. I believe the number of states has since grown.In the following video, Alex Jones reveals that In a memo obtained by government watchdog Judicial Watch following a lawsuit against the Department of Homeland Security over a Freedom of Information Act request, a high-level government official urged employees to assume a large number of detained Unaccompanied Children (UACs) at the southwest border had tuberculosis.In the video below, Truth Unveiled neither confirms nor denies the specific claims laid out byConservative Daily Review, about how new FEMA camps are being built across the south specifically for an influx of 15,000 refugees, however she does review some items of concern on FEMA’s own website, along with several other sites. For those who still want to deny that FEMA Camps exist, or who believe talk of FEMA Camps is only for “conspiracy theorists,” may I suggest dislodging your head from your posterior. TruthUnveiled’s findings are JAW-DROPPING, so hold on tight for this one. Is the uptick in building of FEMA camps related to Obama’s infected refugees we’re not hearing about in the media, or is there an even worse plan for camps designed?Regardless of the lies told by Obama about a “recovery,” the U.S. Dollar is on the verge of collapse, which means the economy is on the verge of collapse, which ultimately means the United States is on the verge of collapse. That is an undeniable FACT. As evidence, allow me to point out that 10 years ago, roughly 75% of the world’s trade was denominated in U.S. Dollars, hence why the Dollar has always been the World Reserve Currency. That time is coming to an end. As proof we will no longer be the Reserve Currency, just look at the last ten years. Countries are already moving away from the Dollar as fast as they can without U.S. warships threatening attack for doing so. Ten years ago roughly 75% of global trade was done in U.S. Dollars. Today, that number is only 35% and dropping like a rock. The day is fast approaching when the U.S. loses status as the Reserve Currency, and when that happens it will disrupt the U.S. supply chain. The U.S. imports FIFTY percent of our food today, so when we find ourselves with a worthless Dollar, nowhere to borrow more money from, and the printing press that we’ve been able to use for the last 70 years as the World Reserve Currency gone… THAT is when you can expect to see people hurting each other for food. When the Dollar finally does collapse, there will be a need for Martial Law, and a need for FEMA Camps. Why then was it barely mentioned by U.S. media when one of the wealthiest men on EARTH who has made his MONEY  and sometimes referred to as “The Currency Killer” wells off 37% of his stock to buy gold and gold stocks?READ MORE:FEMA CONCENTRATION CAMPS: Locations and Executive Orders…The Road To HellINVERSELY TO THE DOLLAR! The only reason someone would load up on a ton of gold, ESPECIALLY someone named the “The Currency Killer,” is if they are expecting the U.S. Dollar to TANK, i.e. COLLAPSE!he video below was shot in Red Bluff, California May 25, 2016, and in it, you will see cargo trains transporting not only hundreds and hundreds of military vehicles, but also armored tanks. While many people would like to dismiss this immediately as some type of “standard” transfer, or an isolated case (which perhaps it is), unfortunately there have been several things going on simultaneously that give rise to concern:1. This is FAR from an isolated event – video has been pouring in from all over the country about similar movements.2. There has been a steady uptick in violence at political events as we get further into the election season. There have even been groups promising to cause the largest riots and civil disobedience in this nation’s history if Donald Trump is President. It’s worth noting that those same groups have the financial backing of billionaire George Soros.3. There have been countless leaks discussing preparations and plans already in place by the Pentagon and Obama for Martial Law.4. With increasing talk of the collapse of the U.S. Dollar, that alone would cause the need to prepare the military for massive unrest at home. With virtually all roads seeming leading to Martial Law, the need for properly positioned military is obvious. PLEASE NOTE:Since the writing of that post, we have learned that Black Lives Matter and George Soros Plan to Escalate Chaos to FORCE Martial Law (Video). One of the lead activists for Black Lives Matter had a Twitter account hacked, and in personal messages to other members claims he has even been in DIRECT CONTACT with Loretta Lynch!  On May 31, Obama took time out of his extremely busy schedule to deliver an address at the FEMA National Response Coordination Center in Washington where he made a point to stress that Americans who are not preparing for disaster, or who do not have emergency evacuation plans for any given scenario, could find themselves in big trouble in the near future.READ MORE:WELCOME TO AMERICAN CONCENTRATION CAMPS – WELCOME TO YOUR NEW HOMEDoes Obama know something the rest of us don’t? Consider some of the scenarios Americans should be bracing for: A west coast earthquake, a New Madrid earthquake, a tsunami on either the east or west coasts, a meteor impact, Islamic terror, war, an EMP BURST that takes down the power grid, cyber warfare,ECONOMIC COLLAPSE, or CIVIL UNREST RESULTING IN THE IMPOSITION MARTIAL LAW. If only that were all. We’re also supposed to be on alert for the possibility of a major volcanic eruption, or the possibility of a “natural” OR“ENGINEERED”pandemic.PLEASE NOTE:I WROTE THE FOLLOWING 2 WEEKS PRIOR: EMP Attack Will Kill 90% of US Population In One Year; Politicians Totally SafeAlso note there has already been mention of “swarms of earthquake activity,” and continuing to ship in as many refugees as possible KNOWING how many are already infected with tuberculosis certain could be considered an “ENGINEERED”pandemic.Do you remember the story last summer that the U.S. was bringing in way more Muslims than most Americans realize through legal channels such as the United Nations refugee program and various visa programs, but reports surfaced indicating Obama had also set up a pipeline using DHS busses along the southern border to help the illegals get into the country. Under Obama, the federal agency whose job it is to protect the homeland is the very agency that was putting us at the most risk…LOOK WHO’S AT IT AGAIN!It’s also been reported Obama has been sneaking in 100,000 Muslims a year under the cover of night on converted UPS planes. Check out the video for yourself. They too get DHS bussing when the land in secret. PLEASE NOTE:Are the camps being built across southern states for this massive influx of refugees, the diseases they carry, the civil unrest caused when Americans realize what is happening, or when members of ISIS come in with these groups and detonate a weapon of mass destruction? You tell me. Either way, why are these people being chauffeured into our country illegally using DHS busses… AGAIN!?!?!As you will learn in the video below (and in the post linked above), approximately 20,000 members of various branches of law enforcement and military personnel (including the National Guard) conducted a massiveTRAINING EXERCISE preparing for what they say “could” be the largest natural disaster in our nation’s history from June 7th-10th of this month. The massive “exercise” was designed to test the readiness level of all first responders as well as various levels of government. Even though the person who made the video below goes out of his way to say that he’s NOT suggesting the giant exercise is part of a large false flag operation, I’d like to call to your attention to how each of “tragedies”listed below was preceded by a massive TRAINING EXERCISE of some kind too. What are the odds a massive earthquake or tsunami hits during the exercise?Source:http://www.newsprepper.com/fema-camps-strategically-placed-around-united-states-handle-defectors-new-world-order/








Top General Joseph Votel, head of US Central Command (CENTCOM) testified on Wednesday, 29 March 2017, before the House Armed Services Committee about the security challenges facing his area of responsibility (AOR). Mentioned that military action may be required against Iran!https://youtu.be/cJLvNPXpFKs








The mainstream media has a new in vogue phrase and you are sure to have heard it by now – ‘the rules based international order (or system)’. The Royal Institute of International Affairs based in London, commonly known as Chatham House commented a several years ago that “Economic and political upheavals are emboldening challengers to the rules-based international system, and to the liberal Western values it embodies. To stay relevant, the system must address three major flaws.”Given recent global events it is clear that the so-called rules based order has systemically failed to address any of these flaws. The most powerful advocates and the institutions that support this system have made the most disastrous decisions culminating in an epic financial crisis with austerity its ideological birth. The West flounders from one crisis to the next, the majority disciplined for the malfeasance and lawlessness of the few and the system is consuming itself from the inside out – a neoliberal bowel cancer with no cure in sight.The European UnionWith Britain’s recent EU referendum result came the realisation that the rules based system on the continent had failed. Rising discontent is gathering at an unstoppable pace, much to the alarm of the ruling elite. A federalised state dreamt up by America and handed to Germany with the intention of destroying national identities, borders and sovereign rights is slowly turning into a nightmare as the 28 nation bloc enters what can only be described as a disintegration phase.Martin Armstrong of Armstrong Economics puts it this way:Protests across Europe go largely unreported by the Mainstream media as important elections are due in 2017“The EU intends to make it a mistake that the British will regret and fall to their knees. This attitude is consistent with the constant endeavour to explain all the shortcomings of the EU as insignificant and irrelevant, thereby closing their ears and mind to any possible reform. They have no clear statement to challenge what is going on. The regulatory nightmare and outright rage that is rising among the people is simply ignored by Brussels. The legal uncertainty with the British exit on the banking system is something nobody even wants to speculate about. How do bail-ins work in Europe if abandoned in Britain? So while the EU thinks by punishing Britain they will discourage others from leaving, they are seriously mistaken. The dream of the EU is dead. It should have remained just a trade union – that was it.”A recent BBC programme entitled Brexit: The Battle for Europe (YouTube video/58mins) produced the line “the power-brokers of Europe face an unprecedented challenge. For the EU this is a battle to survive.” In the programme Martin Schulz, former president of the European Parliament admitted there was a “real risk the EU will fall apart” as populism rises. Schulz has since emerged as the Social Democrats main challenger in a desperate bid against Merkel in Germany’s upcoming elections.Sky News reported (11th Feb) that “Jean-Claude Juncker has expressed doubts that EU countries will be able to maintain a united front during Brexit negotiations.” Juncker even went on to admit that the EU project is now failing and sees disintegration going forward. He asked:“Has the time come for when the European Union of the 27 must show unity, cohesion and coherence? Yes, I say yes, when it comes to Brexit … but I have some justified doubts that it will really happen.” He added: “Do the Hungarians and the Poles want exactly the same thing as the Germans and the French?” – “I have serious doubts.”Even the the founding architect of the monetary union, Otmar Issing has warned that the Brussels’ dream of a European superstate will finally be buried amongst the rubble of the crumbling single currency.“Realistically, it will be a case of muddling through, struggling from one crisis to the next. It is difficult to forecast how long this will continue for, but it cannot go on endlessly. Governments will pile up more debt—and then one day, the house of cards will collapse.”United States of AmericaWhat we are witnessing in America is the crisis and erosion of the international rules based order that America constructed and maintained since the end of World War II. The US still dominates the world in terms economic and military power, that is not under dispute, but the challenge is that she is simply unable her to get her way and control the globalisation project that it largely helped to create.American world domination is not just declining, it is coming to an end. The international liberal order is facing off against nationalism and protectionism, headed up by populist movements – Donald Trump being the evidence that citizens have had enough, they are desperate. Both Trump and Brexit are the result of protest votes for the masses and a stark reminder that politician’s no longer represent the people and the people know it.For America, the writing is on the wall. In 1990 the global south, made up of Africa, Latin America, and developing Asia including the Middle East accounted for 30 percent of global trade, today that figure has risen to 50 percent. Interestingly, the OECD has predicted that by 2060, the GDP of the developing world, including China and India, would exceed that of developed OECD and non-OECD countries: 57.7 percent to 42.3 percent. This is a big problem for the West and its world order.Military power is no longer just about how much firepower is available, weapon technology is no longer the preserve of the West, cyber-warfare is becoming just as dangerous as nuclear weapons. The rise of global terrorism has not abated and looks set to only get worse.Traditional political power is being replaced by transnational social movements and corporations who increasingly dominate global politics. Organisations like Facebook, Google and the Gates Foundation disperse and erode centralised American power. Interdependence by rising regional powers is much more likely to dominate the world order than America’s failing approach of global coercion.America’s traditional outlets of power such as the UN, IMF, World Bank, WHO, UNHCR and the WTO etc are themselves waning in authority and no longer command the respect they once had. There is a rising tide of new kids on the block. The G20 for instance comprises of economic power houses from both North and South. China’s One Belt, One Road Program and the Silk Road projects are supported by the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) – their version of the World Bank.The inauguration of Donald Trump heralds the arrival of a new world order – or disorder. The West is now weaker than ever before and rising US nationalism poses a threat to the European Union.The long-term structural factors and institutions that underpinned America’s global influence are failing. The petrodollar is currently in collapse mode, NATO is being challenged and global trade agreements are being redefined. The BRICS nations economic rise will see growth doubling from 2010 to 2020, China alone will see its economic clout nearly treble in the same time frame, whilst the West’s anaemic economy limps from one crisis to the next with what is clearly turning out to be a failed neoliberal project. Capitalism is failing because everything is rigged.The transition from America’s vision of a rules based system that it insists on devising and leading to a more complicated and internationally led system will be messy – dangerous even. America sees the rise of China and Russia as a threat to its dominance. Unable to innovate, negotiate and calmly influence its way in the 21st century, America could do the unthinkable and attack its perceived opponents in a desperate attempt to regain control with catastrophic repercussions.The Deep StateOnce the arena of ‘conspiracy theorists,’ now the playground of the mainstream media. The Deep State is defined as “a body of people, typically influential members of government agencies, corporations or the military, believed to be involved in the secret manipulation or control of government policy.”Glen Greenwald, interviewed by DemocracyNow said“What they’re doing instead is trying to take maybe the only faction worse than Donald Trump, which is the deep state, the CIA, with its histories of atrocities, and say they ought to almost engage in like a soft coup, where they take the elected president and prevent him from enacting his policies. And I think it is extremely dangerous to do that. Even if you’re somebody who believes that both the CIA and the deep state, on the one hand, and the Trump presidency, on the other, are extremely dangerous, as I do, there’s a huge difference between the two, which is that Trump was democratically elected and is subject to democratic controls, as these courts just demonstrated and as the media is showing, as citizens are proving. But on the other hand, the CIA was elected by nobody. They’re barely subject to democratic controls at all. And so, to urge that the CIA and the intelligence community empower itself to undermine the elected branches of government is insanity.”Britain’s own Deep State is steeped in history, effectively manipulating the global map from days of Empire. More recently, it is evidently active. Carne Ross, ex senior British diplomat named the ‘deep state’ for acting to prevent public knowledge of what really happened prior and during the run-up to the invasion of Iraq. He said“I testified last week to the Chilcot inquiry. My experience demonstrates an emerging and dangerous problem with the process. This is not so much a problem with Sir John Chilcot and his panel, but rather with Britain’s own “deep state” – that is covering up its mistakes and denying access to critical documents.”The Deep State in Britain will be the main driver of the Brexit negotiations in the coming months and years as it manipulates legislation in favour of unprecedented political power focused on the drip-drip erosion of civil liberties and human rights to pave the way for ever-increasing corporate profits and plunder that privatisation brings. Other countries have the same problems.Influential members of government, corporations and the military, are involved in the secret manipulation or control of government policy according to many MSM outlets todayIn France there are upcoming elections and another populist threatens the establishment in LePen. Diana Johnstone explains it in great detail for Global Research – “But the pro-European Union, pro-NATO, neoliberal Establishment is at work to keep that from happening. On every possible magazine cover or talk show, the media have shown their allegiance to a “New! Improved!” middle of the road candidate (in Emmanuel Macron) who is being sold to the public like a consumer product. Together, the anonymous sources of the “deep state” and the mass corporate media have become accustomed to controlling the narrative told to the public. They don’t want to give that power up. And they certainly don’t want to see it challenged by outsiders”The West is no longer governed by a properly functioning political or capitalist system. Bush, Blair, Trump along with Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, TTIP, CETA, the global financial crisis, tax havens, etc are all evidence of that. Tens of millions have protested, none were heard – that is until the shock waves of disobedience reverberated in 2016, its effects yet to unfold.Other Global ThreatsThe human population is also facing a new series of perils that threatens the international rules based system of order. If climate science is to be believed, climate change threatens water supplies, food prices, health and global security. By 2030 water stress will affect 47 percent of humanity. It is predicted to undermine global health efforts, increase poverty and will destroy global economic growth.Humans and animals are increasingly sharing virulent viruses raising the risk of pandemics. The World Health Organisation has clearly stated “Antibiotic resistance is one of the biggest threats to global health, food security, and development today” with Antibiotic resistance rising to dangerously high levels in all parts of the world.Nuclear proliferation is now a real problem. Nine countries roughly control 15,000 armed and ready-to-fire civilisation destroying weapons. There are a number of other countries who have never declared their nuclear capabilities and more are lining up to acquire the technology. If a nuclear weapon or dirty bomb were to fall into the hands of a rogue state – anything could happen.Around 95% of active climate researchers publish climate papers endorsing the consensus position. The Petition Project features over 30,000 scientists signing the petition stating “There is no convincing scientific evidence that human release of carbon dioxide will, in the forseeable future, cause catastrophic heating of the Earth’s atmosphere.The EU, worried about Trump’s commitment to NATO and European defence are considering their own nuclear defence system by combining Britain and France into a pan European nuclear umbrella deterrant – no doubt controlled by Germany. That decision alone could cause the EU to implode.Religious and sectarian divisions continue to dominate the Middle East. The excuse is the battle for global energy supplies which continues to rage with the resulting refugee crisis that threatens the EU. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict raises political volatility with global implications. Syria currently has over two-thirds of the worlds nations involved in the fighting either directly or indirectly – a single spark could escalate into an uncontrollable inferno.The South China Sea, Ukraine, NATO, Russia, China, Iran, Syria – all pose the potential for existential risk for millions. North Korea is rushing full on to develop a nuclear-armed intercontinental ballistic missile that increasingly demonstrates its desire to reach the US. A problem for every US president since the 1980’s, North Korea is now posing a real threat that is pushing Japan into developing its own nuclear defence system. America and China need to negotiate and put NK on a leash, but they aren’t talking either.Disorder Not OrderStrategic manoeuvres on the global chessboard of power politics is creating a period of transition. Everything is changing;  political alliances, the global economy and its demography, all facilitated by new game-changing technologies. A fight for resources is already underway particularly as globalisation slowly and reluctantly withdraws in favour of regionalised re-industrialisation and nationalism.A new world disorder is materialising as the West’s traditional grip on the global economy weakens. As with Ying and Yang or the global pendulum, all things exist as inseparable and contradictory opposites. If one economy or political power base increases – it is only at the expense of the other.As Mark Leonard of the European Council on Foreign Relations notes, such eras are often “the most frightening periods in history.” Quoting Antonio Gramsci, Leonard points out that; “Disorder, war, and even disease can flood into the vacuum that forms when the old is dying and the new cannot be born.”The truth is that the post-Cold War “American-policed security order” along with the “European-inspired legal order” have both fractured at the same time. The really big problem is that no real candidates to replace them have yet emerged from what looks like a long and dangerous road ahead for us all.http://www.globalresearch.ca/new-world-disorder-disintegration-stage-commences/5582542 www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of “fair use” in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than “fair use” you must request permission from the copyright owner.For media inquiries: publications@globalresearch.ca








Steve Quayle Alert
Update: During today’s shopping excursion I spoke with a local Vitamin
			World manager who agreed the statement that the official economic
			numbers are lies. She stated retail sales are falling, that this year is
			worse than last year and last worse than the year prior. She also stated
			that products are becoming more expensive and as a result people can afford
			fewer things. A large local mall, Boulevard Mall may soon be torn down. 
			Also she admitted they are finding more and more items are missing from the
			truck, even though they were ordered. Also we noticed today missing or
			nearly missing items from Wegmans, considered the best supermarket chain in
			the U.S. This is unusual for a Friday as the company is very diligent
			about restocking items for weekends. The Vitamin World manager also agreed
			the loss of retail shoppers is not entirely due to the Internet. So maybe
			Cliff High’s Web Bot’s prediction that we are about to enter a depression
			is about to come true. RAY
Mar 31, 2017
http://www.stevequayle.com/index.php?s=33&d=1987




Steve Quayle AlertUpdate: During today’s shopping excursion I spoke with a local Vitamin
			World manager who agreed the statement that the official economic
			numbers are lies. She stated retail sales are falling, that this year is
			worse than last year and last worse than the year prior. She also stated
			that products are becoming more expensive and as a result people can afford
			fewer things. A large local mall, Boulevard Mall may soon be torn down. 
			Also she admitted they are finding more and more items are missing from the
			truck, even though they were ordered. Also we noticed today missing or
			nearly missing items from Wegmans, considered the best supermarket chain in
			the U.S. This is unusual for a Friday as the company is very diligent
			about restocking items for weekends. The Vitamin World manager also agreed
			the loss of retail shoppers is not entirely due to the Internet. So maybe
			Cliff High’s Web Bot’s prediction that we are about to enter a depression
			is about to come true. RAYMar 31, 2017http://www.stevequayle.com/index.php?s=33&d=1987








No doubt you’ve heard about YouTube’s advertiser exodus and the mass demonetization happening throughout the platform from content creators like Stefan Molyneux, Philip DeFranco, Pewdiepie, Paul Joseph Watson, h3h3productions…big channels small channels, news channels, gamer channels.  It seems like the problem is systemic.And this is a serious problem. As much as they want us to believe it’s an advertising placement problem…its becoming clear that we have a censorship and favoritism problem.  As for favoritism, if you want to test this yourself, go to the bottom of your Youtube page, put your account in restricted mode…look at my channel, steven crowders channel or Paul Joseph Watson’s channel…then, in that same restricted mode take a look at The Young Turks channel, CNN or MSNBC. The former channels have very few of hundreds and hundreds of videos showing.  On the other hand, TYT have virtually every one of their videos listed as do CNN and MSNBC.  So, it appears they are censoring the channels they want to censor as they favor others.  Good job YouTube, way to follow your own guidelines.  And of course hollywood gets a pass even though virtually every one of their rated R movie trailers violates multiple community guideline rules.For the complete story, watch and share this video.If you like my content…consider hitting the “recommend contributor” button and share this story.  Thanks








Two weeks ago, I interviewed Joshua Coy, a researcher and popular talk show host at WYDE- 101.1-FM radio, the largest station in the state of Alabama. We discussed our independent sources which highlighted the fact that Project HAARP is involved in behavior modification experiments at an Alaska FEMA camp facility.
Extreme Interference
Before the interview was concluded, the conversation was terminated by an external force of unknown origin. For two days, Josh and I attempted to re-establish communication and all attempts, via cell, email and text were unsuccessful.
The interview had external noises placed in the conversation, externally inserted and it was done after the fact. That was the conclusion that Josh came to as he had the sound engineer at his station run a diagnostic test on the noises which consisted of dishes clanging, a woman screaming and satanic music in the background. The conclusion was that these noises were externally placed independent of the broadcast. Josh Coy and I are both experienced talk show hosts, if we had heard any such noises, we would have stopped the interview and called attention to it. The obvious intent of these interferences was designed to disrupt our conversation on the aforementioned topic.
Here is the original interview which prompted the controversy.

The Attempted Assassination of Joshua Coy
Josh Coy has a serious kidney condition for which he was hospitalized last week. He had discussion about a CT scan and use of a radioactive dye, as part of the process known as “Contrast”.  Josh and his primary doctor decided against the procedure because it was contraindicated for someone with his condition.
The following night, Josh received three visitors. To his hospital room from the time frame of midnight to 3AM.
The first visitor was a nurse with the bedside manner of Genghis Khan. She walked into his room with a vile of “Contrast” and demanded he take substance and he would be taken for a CT scan at midnight. If this sounds out of the ordinary, it is. Josh steadfastly refused and cited his doctor’s objection to this procedure. After a lengthy argument, the so-called nurse gave up and exited the room.
A fake doctor entered his room at 2am and demanded he take the substance and they would instantly wheel him down for the scan. Again, an argument ensued and Josh refused to take the substance.
At 3AM a large fake doctor entered the room and attempted to physically intimidate Josh into taking the substance. Further, the two fake doctors carried the vile of the “Contrast” with a nurse present. When does that every happen? At 3AM?
The Real Doctor’s Reaction
The next morning, the real doctor visited Josh and he relayed what happened the night before. The real doctor was stunned and said we agreed not to do these and he had no idea who these other “doctors” were.
What is the conclusion? Before you answer, consider the fact that I suddenly came down with pneumonia on the same day as Josh on the night in question. The onset of the symptom were acute and dangerous.
I interviewed Josh about his experiences in the following video.

Perhaps we should pay more attention to the Alaskan FEMA facility and their behavioral modification experiments.
 
Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense Show
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL ANDDON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US

 




This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information.






 



GREAT OPPORTUNITY

Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more


 Two weeks ago, I interviewed Joshua Coy, a researcher and popular talk show host at WYDE- 101.1-FM radio, the largest station in the state of Alabama. We discussed our independent sources which highlighted the fact that Project HAARP is involved in behavior modification experiments at an Alaska FEMA camp facility.Before the interview was concluded, the conversation was terminated by an external force of unknown origin. For two days, Josh and I attempted to re-establish communication and all attempts, via cell, email and text were unsuccessful.The interview had external noises placed in the conversation, externally inserted and it was done after the fact. That was the conclusion that Josh came to as he had the sound engineer at his station run a diagnostic test on the noises which consisted of dishes clanging, a woman screaming and satanic music in the background. The conclusion was that these noises were externally placed independent of the broadcast. Josh Coy and I are both experienced talk show hosts, if we had heard any such noises, we would have stopped the interview and called attention to it. The obvious intent of these interferences was designed to disrupt our conversation on the aforementioned topic.Here is the original interview which prompted the controversy.Josh Coy has a serious kidney condition for which he was hospitalized last week. He had discussion about a CT scan and use of a radioactive dye, as part of the process known as “Contrast”.  Josh and his primary doctor decided against the procedure because it was contraindicated for someone with his condition.The following night, Josh received three visitors. To his hospital room from the time frame of midnight to 3AM.The first visitor was a nurse with the bedside manner of Genghis Khan. She walked into his room with a vile of “Contrast” and demanded he take substance and he would be taken for a CT scan at midnight. If this sounds out of the ordinary, it is. Josh steadfastly refused and cited his doctor’s objection to this procedure. After a lengthy argument, the so-called nurse gave up and exited the room.A fake doctor entered his room at 2am and demanded he take the substance and they would instantly wheel him down for the scan. Again, an argument ensued and Josh refused to take the substance.At 3AM a large fake doctor entered the room and attempted to physically intimidate Josh into taking the substance. Further, the two fake doctors carried the vile of the “Contrast” with a nurse present. When does that every happen? At 3AM?The next morning, the real doctor visited Josh and he relayed what happened the night before. The real doctor was stunned and said we agreed not to do these and he had no idea who these other “doctors” were.What is the conclusion? Before you answer, consider the fact that I suddenly came down with pneumonia on the same day as Josh on the night in question. The onset of the symptom were acute and dangerous.I interviewed Josh about his experiences in the following video.Perhaps we should pay more attention to the Alaskan FEMA facility and their behavioral modification experiments. Please donate to the research efforts of The Common Sense ShowPLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL ANDDON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer.  Listeners to The Common Sense Show will receive 5% off their next order by mentioning “Hodgesnov5” in the coupon code box.  Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here  for more information. Not only can you get healthy, you can create a second income opportunity. Click here to find out more








When this man goes code blue and dies, what God shares with him will not only shake you up, but wake you up!  His message has been featured on Rick Wiles, Z3 News, Tribulation Now Radio, A Minute To Midnite, and more! This is an urgent call from the heavens above to get ready FAST!FEATURE VIDEOMan Dies, Is Given Urgent Message From God & Comes Back To Warn the World!CHECK OUT LYN LEAHZ ON YOUTUBE AND SUBSCRIBE TODAY—CLICK HERE NOW!NEWS YOU MIGHT HAVE MISSED…EXTREMELY URGENT! Strong Warning From God To the True Body of Christ!








Danny Gold for Liberty Writers reports, This woman really is something special. Melania Trump is far more than just a pretty face, and today she proved that to the world! Melania took center stage at the International Women of Courage conference and gave a speech that, to put it simply, will blow your socks off!Melania Trump is the First Lady of the United States, married to President Donald Trump. Born in Slovenia, then part of Yugoslavia, she became a permanent resident of the United States in 2001 and an American citizen in 2006.Check out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








A Walk down the Rabbit Hole of New World Order HistoryEvery day the world seems to be spinning faster out of control. What appears to be unfolding is an epic battle between subversive forces within deep state America vying for dominance and control. Up till now the international crime cabal government led by the ruling elite has enjoyed unbroken, virtually unchallenged power and authority in Washington. The current ruling cabal easily stretches all the way back to the 1980 presidential election, when Ronald Reagan as a figurehead idol on a pedestal covertly secured the real globalist powerbroker into position – his Vice President George H. W. Bush.That year Reagan beat incumbent Jimmy Carter only because of the October Surprise, a top secret deal overseen by former CIA Director Bush negotiated with Iran’s Khomeini to delay the release of the 52 American hostages in Tehran until after Reagan was elected and became president. Had Carter been able to free the hostages prior to his November election reducing their 444 day ordeal, he would have secured his second term in office. So it’s only by treasonous subterfuge that the puppet occupying the White House changed that year.This totally sinister pattern already had a precedent when a dozen years earlier Richard Nixon made a secret agreement with then South Vietnamese President Nguyen van Thieu to sabotage peace talks with North Vietnam that President Johnson had been negotiating, convincing Thieu to hold off from signing any peace treaty in 1968 on a broken promise of a better deal to come. This subversively treasonous ploy won Nixon the presidency, extending America’s then longest running war another four plus years, killing 22,000 more American lives and over a million more Southeast Asians. But hey, what does it matter to the ruling elite that has only contempt for human life while deciding who becomes president every four or eight years? The planetary rulers control both political parties in America and regularly take turns selecting the Republican or the Democrat who comes to power as they see fit. Illegal secret deals determining who the White House puppet will be are just how the diabolical game is played. And the game’s been rigged for many decades.The globalists historically prefer selecting a president with the full card carrying elitist credentials, a member of multiple private inner clubs like the Council on Foreign Relations, the Trilateral Commission, the Skull and Bones Society, Committee of 300 and Freemasonry becomes the bona fide inductee into the satanic hall of shame – the New World Order’s Illuminati. And the elite’s George H. W. Bush had every credential covered as a lifetime secret society member possessing all of the above. The son of a US senator and confirmed financier to Hitler, it was a young George Bush as a CIA operative who’d worked closely with the anti-Castro-turned anti-Kennedy Bay of Pigs Cubans. It was also George Bush who was photographed in front of the Dallas bookstore depository on the very same day that JFK’s brain got splattered on his slow moving, “sitting” target in November 1963.And it was this same George Bush that the elite teamed up with a Hollywood B actor when Ronald Reagan was relegated to his final acting role as White House front man. Just two months into his presidency, Reagan was struck down by a deranged lone gunman (direct from the false flag playbook) John Hinckley, whose family just happened to be very close oil friends with the Bushes. Needless to say, everyone played dumb and true to Mockingbird collusion, the rabbit hole “coincidences” between the Bush-Hinckley family connections all rapidly vanished. Never mind the fact that HW’s son Neil was scheduled to have dinner with the would-be assassin’s brother the day after the shooting. Never mind that among John Hinckley’s longer psychiatric stays during the 1970’s was at St. Elizabeth’s mental hospital, famous for CIA MK Ultra experimentation using drugs to program guinea pig assassins. Never mind that the Reagan-Bush Energy Department notified the Hinckley’s Vanderbilt oil company on the very same day of the shooting that the family business owed the feds $2 million in penalties. But once the unspeakable deed was done, that stiff penalty suddenly vanished into thin air as well, just like all of Hinckley’s psychiatric records and 22 FBI pages of the “lone” gunman’s “associates and organizations.” Bush ensured the truth behind the Reagan shooting was sealed CIA tight… a dry run rehearsal for George junior’s poor imitation 20 years later with his own sloppily botched 9/11 coup cover-up.The eerie parallel is striking between this suspicious Bush affair and the one two decades later when HW dined with bin Laden’s brother on the same morning of 9/11, while the CIA-spawned and funded Osama sitting in an Afghan cave half a world away to take the full rap as Bush and Cheney’s arranged mastermind patsy. In any event, the attempt on Ronnie’s life left George senior to assume virtual control over the White House, wielding the real power behind US Empire exploits throughout the 1980’s right into the 1990’s.This still alive but frail 92-year old Illuminati gangster who helped carry out the tragic American JFK coup so many decades ago, to this day enjoys the elevated stature of a “senior statesman,” doing the honor of the coin toss at this year’s Super Bowl. Bush is joined by two other aging NWO gangster gurus – Kissinger and Brzezinski, revered by dumb Americans, still pulling the strings from afar, overseeing yet another illegal deep state coup being currently waged against Donald Trump.
Having controlled deep state as the CIA director (1976-77), then CFR director (1977-79) leading up to his [vice] presidency (1981-1989), then as the first out of the closet New World Order president (1989 to 1993), and then even continuing behind the scenes under Bill Clinton since Bush senior had employed the youngest Arkansas governor as his cocaine dealer out of USA central in rural Mena, Arkansas throughout Bill’s crime-filled dozen year run as state governor. During Bush’s Iran-Contra era, Bill Clinton laundered over a billion dollars a year in CIA drug money through his little airport. Profits from the “war on drugs” catapulted the rise of both the Bush and Clinton crime families as they busily paid off and appointed enough court judges, federal and state attorneys, state police and FBI officials, in order to effectively keep at bay all their scandals of countless murders, serial rapes and child sex trafficking investigations while financing their lucrative, off-the-books, CIA black budget.
As a result, the Bushes and Clintons have permanently installed a corrupt international crime cabal-drug cartel operating out of Washington DC that seamlessly recycles its ruthless centralized power and influence from Republican to Democratic administrations under the same organized crime machine families for nearly four decades and still counting. Bush-Clinton-Obama appointed judges and the rogue forces have saturated deep state and are still firmly entrenched in both the judicial branch and all the US intelligence agencies operating within New World Order’s political dynasty. The Bush-Clinton-Obama dynasty has faithfully followed the elite’s marching orders, nearly destroying America as a sovereign nation, killing off its once vibrant middle class, crumbling its infrastructure, decimating its manufacturing and tax bases with offshore cheap labor outsourcing. Establishing a permanent wartime economy, within a few decades this same satanic worshipping dynasty has transformed the US from the world’s largest creditor nation into world history’s biggest debtor nation, currently drowning at $20 trillion in the red. The drained, near lifeless US national economy has been bled dry by a lethal war machine whose global mission is to destabilize and destroy any sovereign nation that exerts independence, one by one raping and pillaging turning them into failed states. The Empire of chaos and destruction possesses its trademark effect – King Midas in reverse.
With the stolen 2000 election and the Cheney-Bush Jr. neocons at the helm at the turn of the century, and their 9/11 their “new Pearl Harbor,” they established a pretext for their endless war of terror, murdering over 4 million Muslims in the process while turning our constitutional republic into a totalitarian oligarchic police state and Third World banana republic. Incredibly all these years later in 2017, those same criminally destructive forces are still in power and are currently bent on destroying the Trump presidency from within, closing in for the kill to finish America off for good. From CIA Bush senior though CIA Manchurian Obama, the assigned NWO puppet destroyers of America have used their deep state gangsters to seize and expand their centralized authoritarian control over the span of a full half century. Bottom line, since the JFK assassination, the shadow government that Kennedy warned us about just months ahead of his murder, are the same traitors who never left Washington.
With last year’s debacle of a political circus fully exposing America’s corrupt rigged two party system, resulting in the surprising Trump victory and Hillary loss, the world ostensibly witnessed the defeat of globalism and the end of the crime family dynasty. Though Trump’s New York City roots are steeped in family slumlord discrimination and later mentored and shaped by his longtime Mafioso consigliere, the ruthless red-baiting Roy Cohn, Trump’s rise as real estate-gambling mogul generously profiteering from multiple shady deals with partners in organized crime, surviving four bankruptcies as the bailed out benefactor of Wall Street banksters, Donald Trump can hardly be called a self-made man, a maverick, or least of all an outsider.
And his womanizing exploits have always been on full display. Just three years before his pedophile buddy Jeffrey Epstein was investigated, in 2002 the Donad’s gushing admiration towards his child rapist friend runneth over:
I’ve known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy. He’s a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it – Jeffrey enjoys his social life.
Clearly Trump knew his fellow billionaire had the eye for “the younger” ones on the underage “side” of the law. And with multiple past lawsuits accusing Trump of sexual assault or sexual harassment as well, who really knows if the Donald’s past is equally tainted. Is he simply the elite’s next chosen, equally compromised politician to occupy the highest office, just as manipulated and controllable to high roller blackmail as the rest of them? The satanically run system wouldn’t have it any other way.
Our Current Battlefield Landscape
Speaking of Trump’s convicted pedophile friend Jeffrey Epstein, Florida’s US attorney Alexander Acosta at the time was in charge of Epstein’s prosecution. Acosta’s blatant mishandling of the case had him caving into the pit-bull attack of the Epstein defense team led by Lolita Express frequent flier Alan Dershowitz by handing the billionaire the sweetheart deal of a lifetime. Thirteen months of six days a week allowing Epstein to leave the local jailhouse to be able to work during the day while enabling Epstein to cop a guilty plea of soliciting prostitution from a minor and avoid being tried on federal charges in a federal court where normally any other offender would serve a ten year to life sentence was a grotesque travesty of justice.
But the Epstein case is not over yet. At the Epstein defense team’s behest, attorney Acosta willfully withheld notifying the two underage victims of the plea bargained deal he’d agreed to until months after the fact. When the re-victimized girls finally learned that their rapist was basically awarded a get out of jail card, they filed a civil suit against him that’s been stalled in court for nearly eight years. But it is now finally due to move to trial, forcing Epstein to be subjected to cross examination by the plaintiffs’ attorneys. The basis of their civil suit is that Acosta denied them their civil right under the Victims Crime Act that compels prosecutors to inform victims of any plea bargained arrangements made between the prosecutor and defense. So Acosta was not forthrightly honest in legally complying with both the letter of the law nor his own legal and ethical obligation.
Last week Alexander Acosta as Trump’s choice for Labor Department secretary underwent questioning at his senate confirmation hearing. Several Democratic senators did grill him over his incompetent mishandling of the Epstein case. In response, Acosta simply reiterated his feeble argument defending his decision to neither take the case to federal court nor push for a trial, stating it would risk Epstein going free, which is both unlikely and absurd. Merely rehashing his old weak rationalization sufficed to get him through the first committee vote. All the Republican and most Democratic senators gave Acosta a free pass, entrusting him to be in charge of our national labor force, directly overseeing both legal and illegal labor practices in America, including the forced labor of child sex slavery and human trafficking. Most of the committee was shamefully complicit to ignore the global epidemic and Acosta’s disgraceful history regarding it. The Republicans all went easy on the nominee, assured that he will be our next Labor Secretary. This week Acosta’s committee vote went strictly along partisan lines with the dozen Republicans approving and the eleven Democrats not, thus moving the nominee to the final full senate vote likely coming next week.
The dubious past ties that both Trump and Acosta share with the same infamous registered sex offender reflect poorly on both our president as well as his next labor secretary. Protecting the serial child rapist of which both Acosta and Trump have been guilty, and then as such a serious and salient current issue, those senators deeming it unworthy of serious questioning renders them also complicit in protecting pedophiles along with the horrors of modern day slavery.
At one point during the hearing, Acosta claimed that he would not bow to “inappropriate” political pressure, yet a decade earlier he did exactly that, completely bowing to the pressure from Epstein’s attack dog defense team. For being remiss in challenging the former US attorney on his abominable judgment in the biggest legal case of his professional career, shame on those committee members who failed to meet their ethical responsibility to confront the nominee who is unfit for the job. Shame on Trump for selecting him, but mostly on Acosta for his gross misconduct that should have disqualified him.
With Washington’s morally vacant swamp full of quicksand, President Trump has numerous enemies utilizing all their collective will and power to remove him from the White House despite his semi-legitimate election (electronic rigging occurred on both sides). If Trump was a pedophile like so many of his sworn enemies are, it would seem probable that by now hardcore evidence would have already been produced to incriminate and destroy him. But despite his checkered past, like other deep state demonized enemies Putin and Assad, in comparison Trump appears to be a saint next to the degenerate diabolical cabal poised and ready to move in for its final solution kill, not only against the standing US president but against humanity as well, victims of the genocidal, pedophilia-infested swamp determined to rid Trump before he rids it. After all, his signature campaign promise is to drain the booby-trapped swamp.   
Or perhaps another even more plausible scenario is that Trump’s been chosen and set up to be the presidential fall guy when the elite’s meticulously calculated perfect storm of events erupts with the American Spring uprising about to spill blood and violence in the streets across America (the latest angry mob episode on a Southern California beach), co-timed with the demonically controlled West’s launching of WWIII against manufactured enemies Russia, China, Iran, Syria and North Korea, triggered to blast off just as the elite’s house of cards global economy is overdue for collapse. Trump may well have been handpicked by the planetary controllers once they realized Hillary’s exposed crimes made her too damaged a liability. Thus, deep state’s manufactured enemy – the demonized Donald Trump, along with Putin and Assad, is the target of the rulers’ treasonously orchestrated insurrection taking place from within, now unfolding as sleight of hand, cloak and dagger theater, the stage has been set to propel America and the entire globe into apocalyptic upheaval and ultimate ruin.
The criminal Bush-Clinton-Obama forces in recent weeks are apparently growing more recklessly desperate in their raw aggression to push humanity off their doomsday cliff as a last ditch effort to save their own skins from ruin. This presentation will cover the more blatant breaking current events and significant developments that illustrate the elite’s do-or-die desperation with the criminal enterprises from both the Clintons and Obama exploding on a near daily basis now.
Hillary’s Crimes Unfolding…
New evidence shedding light on Hillary Clinton again emerges from Weiner’s confiscated laptop, proving that Hillary and Weiner’s former wife Huma Abedin knew that the pedophile husband was once again engaging in criminal behavior four full months before he was caught by New York police. Yet Hillary and Huma did nothing to protect the underage girl from being further victimized by Weiner’s abusive sex crimes, which is a criminal statute violation in and of itself. At the time NYPD wanted to charge Hillary but the FBI and Justice Department pulled rank insisting that it was a federal case. It was even disclosed that the teenager was struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts. But when the girl expressed a desire to kill herself to Weiner, his only response was to send yet another picture of his wiener.
With this latest press release of damning information, NYPD decided to break with the FBI silence that has withheld evidence protecting Hillary for over a year now. The only concern expressed by Hillary at the time was if the word got out, it would damage her chance of winning the presidency. So she self-servingly recommended that Huma distance herself from Weiner and get a divorce. Of course that move would decisively free Huma up to both work and play together fulltime, much to Hillary’s professional and personal gratification. Only briefly in the agonizing throes of her lost election did Hillary cast her longtime aide and companion aside. But not only has post-election Huma been reported reunited with her old boss (at least temporarily), it’s said she’s now also working hard on reconciliation with her pedo hubby after the fourth time he’s been caught cheating on her. Much to Hillary’s chagrin, current sources maintain that Weiner is spending 80-90% of his time these days at the New York apartment they share with their child. But Huma’s undying loyalty to her pervert husband may have more to do with the fact that if they stay married, through marital privilege neither will be required to testify against the other. So just like her boss Hillary, it appears that Huma’s choosing to “stand by her man” also. Undoubtedly she and her husband are choosing to sing like two songbirds escaping from their cage while their damaging testimony against the Clinton crime family may finally send them straight to theirs.  
Another related breaking story involving John Podesta is while he was serving  as an advisor in Hillary’s state department and later providing legal counsel to Obama, he was knee deep in doing business with Russia as the RussiaGate scandal just blew wide open. Again the Democrats’ meme for over a year has been falsely accusing the Trump camp of conspiring with Putin when all along the truth is the biggest Democratic party big wigs were all hypocritically doing exactly what they blamed Trump for.
It turns out John Podesta failed to disclose that he owned 75,000 shares in a Kremlin funded company while a board of director on a small Massachusetts based energy company that was given $35 million from this company that Russia’s science minister called “Putin’s child.”
Yet another disgraceful criminal cover-up that keeps resurfacing in Hillary’s never-ending saga is her US Ambassador to Belgium Howard Gutman while she was his secretary of state boss. The heavy Obama fundraiser (a half million for his 2008 campaign) who was rewarded with an ambassadorship was caught red-handed in Brussels soliciting sex from young boys, and repeatedly caught until leaving his post “unblemished” in July 2013. Gutman’s acting out got so bad that Hillary the sex crime enabler sent her state department fixer Patrick Kennedy to order the Inspector General to cease investigation, allowing Gutman to continue his sex crimes protected by diplomatic immunity. Eventually the IG became a whistleblower only to have Hillary sic the FBI on her for continual harassment, break-ins to destroy evidence and suppress another scandalous cover-up. Ultimately Kennedy finagled a deal with the FBI to look the other way to allow the ambassador to serve his full diplomatic tenure in Brussels. And as a result of Hillary’s protective shield, Gutman has never been charged. In a number of other cases involving sexual misconduct by Hillary’s diplomatic corps, her criminal protection of them flagrantly remains on record. So she’s established a longstanding pattern of always protecting the pedophiles and letting the child victims suffer.
Of course this wasn’t the first or last time the Clintons intervened to help allied criminals off the hook. Shortly after the January 2010 Haiti earthquake, the Clintons went into their best damage control mode, running to the rescue of convicted child kidnapper Laura Silsby when caught trying to traffic 33 Haitian girls out of the country. And now remarkably enough, the convicted child kidnapper is actually employed under her husband’s name at the software company responsible for issuing Amber Alerts on suspected abducted children.
Then several days after Hillary lost her November election, journalist Monica Petersen was mysteriously found dead in Haiti after allegedly uncovering more incriminating evidence exposing the Clintons’ child trafficking involvement, not to mention the $2 billion she and Bill ripped off from the forsaken Haitian earthquake victims. For the last dozen years the Clinton Foundation has been masquerading as a multibillion dollar charitable organization ostensibly committed to supplying global humanitarian relief plentifully donating to noble causes. But the record shows in 2015 only 4% of the money actually went to helping those in need and the rest illegally fed the greedy coffers of the Clinton family cartel that for decades has engaged in crime cabal operations, destroying millions of innocent victims’ lives planet-wide.
The Clinton story provides a fitting analogy to the global pedophilia epidemic. An extremely common pattern pervades where known child predators are allowed to continue working careers set up to protect children against pedophile trafficking rings. Examples are Child Protective Services employees who actually sell children into sex trafficking networks. Or federal US attorneys whose job is to prosecute against child pornography and child trafficking instead of engaging in pedophilia while protecting the crime cabal from exposure and accountability. Or police sworn to investigate pedophile rings to protect children but are actually sexually abusing more child victims themselves. Or famous and powerful enough entertainers who become legends working for many years in children’s charities, all the while raping and pimping child victims for other powerful pedophiles (as in UK’s Jimmy Savile case). These global networks are allowed to flourish worldwide because these soulless sex offenders are rampantly in position to operate with total impunity within the very same demonic system set up to protect our most defenseless population. It’s the most egregiously grotesque illustration of the predatory foxes guarding the henhouses of the world.
Another recurring Clinton connection that won’t go away is their ongoing joint enterprises with Frank Giustra, the Canadian mining billionaire and founder of Lions Gate Entertainment Corporation. Currently China virtually owns Hollywood, in recent years the richest man in China behind his Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda has bought up controlling interests in a number of entertainment corporations and studios, Lions Gate among them. Fear of China’s oppressive censorship as the world’s economic powerhouse and largest creditor nation monopolizing both the film industry as well as the internet (over domain naming rights) is a sobering thought, considering how the mind of the global masses can be so easily programmed, conditioned and brainwashed by centralized control.
Though globalist Frank Giustra’s Lions Gate has produced some excellent films, two extremely sick Lions Gate offerings are “Hostel” and “Hostel 2.” Both showcase sadistic torture and ritualistic murder, the first involving male victims and the sequel gives equal time to female victimization. In the second Hostel the coed trio is abducted and in captivity one is decapitated, hung upside down and her blood is drained, an identical image of which has recently been recreated on a large multistory building mural in Brussels, the home of the EU and NATO headquarters. Also on display in the same city is another controversial mural, featuring an adult hand holding down a terrified child’s head while the other hand grips a sharp knife heading towards the child’s neck. The diabolical brainwash through Hollywood, popular music and art permeates our cities in Brussels, our own Washington DC, Kazakhstan’s capital Astana, airports like Denver or the Georgia Guidestones where the Illuminati’s Agenda 21 calling for human genocide and one world government is spelled out clearly for all to see.
Just to graphically expose what’s been secretly going on now all over this planet, breeder babies are being brought into this world by either victimized child sex slaves, incest victims or Luciferian types as part of insulated demonic cults and secret societies. These babies born without birth certificates or public records are actually being thrown on satanic sacrificial altars, raped, cut up, eaten and burned alive by lowlifes in high places and low places alike, protected for centuries by elite rulers combined with public ignorance and denial. An eyewitness former Hollywood producer and insider Jon Robberson has described in horrid detail the ritualistic child sacrifice practice going on in Malibu. Thank God people like Jon as well as former Los Angeles FBI bureau chief Ted Gunderson and many others are courageously coming forth to expose the shocking evil. As we become aware, it’s our ethical and moral duty to spread the word and take a stand against our hidden enemies.
Returning to elitist Clinton partner Frank Giustra, through his Radcliffe Foundation, he perhaps is the Clinton Foundation’s biggest pay-to-play player. Starting over a decade ago Giustra and the Clintons began their working partnership that ended up selling off 20% of America’s uranium deposits to Putin, giving away nukes’ main ingredient to nuclear powered Russia. Talk about treasonous Russian collusion! And then Hillary the candidate and her minions have turned around to constantly use her platform to falsely blame Putin for everything gone wrong in her life, in America and entire world. In the last decade Hillary’s hubris, duplicity, hypocrisy and pure evil done to this world can only be matched by her husband and Obama.
Their Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership also shielded both donors’ identities and amounts they gave to the Clinton Foundation, a violation of Hillary’s “transparency” as secretary of state. As part of the Clintons’ pay-to-play foundation, Giustra was able to buy in for an initial $31 million as a Clinton Foundation gift in January 2008 in order for Bill to intercede to make a deal mining uranium in Kazakhstan. As a reward, a few months later Giustra donated another $100 million to the Clinton Foundation, earning himself a seat on the Clinton Foundation’s board of directors. His Radcliffe Foundation owns a home for refugees in northern Greece called Elpida that maintained a near identical logo to the FBI’s pedophilia symbol; that is, until the heat from Pizzagate suddenly induced Giustra’s company to change its logo, just like Besta pizza.
Former child actor Brock Pierce as a young adult with two other partners formed an early video sharing site called Digital Entertainment Network, garnering a total investment of $72 million from Hollywood heavy hitters even prior to its 1999 opening or generating any profit. But the following year in 2000 the company began going bust after Pierce and his partners were accused of feeding underage boys in Hollywood with booze and drugs at parties and then raping their victims in a child sex ring. Their child sex network was prominently featured in the documentary “An Open Secret.” Ultimately Pierce and company escaped to Spain to avoid legal ramifications.
A few years later Brock Pierce reemerged as an active Clinton Global Initiative member, speaking on its behalf and raising funds for the Clintons. With the dark cloud hanging over Pierce’s not so distant past, combined recently with direct ties to the Clintons and their own child sex trafficking involvement (through pedophiles Jeffrey Epstein, Anthony Weiner as well as Podesta and Pizzagate), and the larger PedoGate epidemic in Hollywood, Washington DC and the world, criminal depravity appears to permeate and bind all these associations. The latest Brock Pierce reinvention is his position as chairman of the board of the Bitcoin Foundation that has had a number of members resigning in protest. 
Another recent related entertainment link to pedophilia involves Late Night host Stephen Colbert, who apparently takes his Pizzagate-bashing orders directly from the Clinton camp. After all, he’s been best buds with John Podesta for several years and is eternally grateful for the Podesta boys generously supporting his sister’s failed bid for Congress in 2013. So the least the high profile entertainer can do at the behest of a Clinton Foundation rep is to feature Bill Clinton on a Colbert Report episode pontificating the glorious wonders of the world, compliments of his “charitable” Clinton Global Initiative. And then when such powerful close allies as the Podestas and Clintons get implicated in a DC child sex trafficking ring, the least Colbert can do is be the first celeb out of the gate to tear into anyone who even thinks Pizzagate might be worth further investigation, much less actually be real.
Obama’s Latest Emerging Crimes
Turning to Hillary’s other crime cabal partner, besides Bill – Barack Hussein Obama, in response to all the recent allegations of criminal activity committed by our former president, Attorney General Jeff Sessions just stated that he is open to appointing an independent special prosecutor to review and investigate the multiple scandals involving Obama’s infamous Department of Justice, from Obama’s confirmed IRS discrimination against conservative political opponents to former AG Eric Holder’s mishandling and cover-up of the disastrous Fast and Furious gun running operation to a Mexican cartel, to AG Loretta Lynch’s obstruction of justice in refusing to indict and prosecute Hillary and her pay-to-play foundation’s blatantly criminal operations. And now there’s Obama’s indisputably illegal Trump surveillance. The list of forthcoming crimes seems endless.
Obama used foreign spy agencies in UK’s intelligence services (through its GCHQ Intercepts) and likely Canada’s as well to spy on Trump without either a warrant or the US intelligence community’s knowledge. On March 4th Trump tweeted that Obama spied on him at his Trump Towers long before he was even elected or obtained his October FISA warrant. Last week Trump delivered his uncovered evidence to the congressional house intelligence committee after it concluded that there’s no evidence that Trump ever colluded with Moscow to influence the election. In recent days the tables have finally begun to turn and now it’s Obama who’s on the defensive and run out of Washington. Despite the recent lies from mainstream press, past articles written by MSM rag reporters at the New York Times have even corroborated that Obama placed Trump, his family members and his surrogates under close unconstitutional surveillance. A CIA whistleblower even maintains that Trump was under “systematic illegal” surveillance over two years ago but Comey’s FBI chose to sit on it.
An Obama official that served as undersecretary of defense for Russian affairs matter-of-factly let it slip out that last summer, again months prior to the October FISA warrant that made Trump surveillance technically legal, she was listening in on Trump and his surrogates’ private conversations, all part of the Democratic Party strategy to catch Trump “fixing” the election with the demonized enemy Russia. So more evidence is forthcoming daily that it was the Obama-Clinton camp all along who was criminally interfering with the election, the very same charge that he, she, deep state and their MSM minions have falsely, hypocritically and nefariously been raking Trump over the coals for more than a year now.
Latest PedoGate Developments
On the final day prior to still being susceptibly libel for a defamation lawsuit regarding his publicity coverage on the Pizzagate scandal, InfoWars’ “warrior” Alex Jones recently issued a formal apology to Comet Ping Pong’s owner James Alefantis. This CYA move came to light on the very eve of the national PedoGate march on Washington to bring further attention to the seemingly unbreakable global pedophilia network. Jones blamed other “irresponsible websites” and a couple of now terminated InfoWars’ employees for his mistake. Pretty pathetic to witness perhaps America’s most prominent, outspoken activist who’s been challenging government false narratives for over two decades suddenly groveling as an apologist for the pedophilia epidemic, no less on the day before the PedoGate march on the nation’s capital.
Obviously this only goes to show that GQ Magazine’s 49th most powerful person in DC – the owner of a pizza joint – can’t possibly attribute his acknowledged power due to making really good pizza. And now seeing his power shut down and silence America’s infamously loudest dissident voice from speaking out against the pedophilia empire confirms Alefantis’ pecking order clout. As abundantly reported online, the pizza shop owner’s power has everything to do with his inside connections with the Podestas, Hillary and Obama. His Instagram account, caught prior to escaping to private mode, more than suggests a far more dark and sinister reason how he and his establishment’s been abusing his power in Washington. 
On the heels of Alex Jones’ apology comes another attack on Pizzagate investigation as “fake news” from – of all places – an on-again off-again Breitbart reporter named Lee Stranahan. This guy goes on a half hour diatribe ranting in circular argument denying the veracity of a Washington child sex trafficking ring connected to the Clintons and the Podestas. He claims that now famous tweet that founder Andrew Breitbart as Stranahan’s former boss was taken totally out of context:
How prog-guru John Podesta isn’t household name as world class underage sex slave op cover-upperer defending unspeakable dregs escapes me.
… And that it had nothing to do with Podesta covering up a DC pedophilia network. Just over a year after Breitbart’s tweet, the 43-year old suddenly turned up dead from an alleged heart attack that many believe was murder. The coroner in the case died of arsenic poisoning within hours of the release of Breitbart’s suspicious autopsy results. But Stranahan says there’s nothing here folks so just move on.
… Just like the Catholic Church scandal of priests for centuries raping youth around the world met by an official Vatican policy of spreading sex crimes to the next priestly assignment while continually covering up their criminality. And how that’s all now just become yesterday’s news, hardly heard from again after a near $4 billion payout in settlement suits as of 2015. 
But while Stranahan denies and the declawed Jones apologizes, videographer DABOO777 released his recent YouTube video (which Google-owned YouTube has begun banning him), disclosing that a map that shows the extensive underground tunnel system beneath Washington DC predominantly lies directly underneath properties owned by the usual [pedophile] suspects – the Clintons, James Alefantis and John Podesta. How conveniently coincidental. And most notably an ordnance has just gone into effect making it unlawful for anyone to examine or inquire into DC’s tunnel system layout as an overt move to protect current real estate owners [and perps] from any further scrutiny. Cutting off public access to information and knowledge about the capital’s subterranean world now declared legally off limits obviously demonstrates deep state’s increasing secrecy and censorship surrounding its underworld activity. Crimes committed by Washington’s elite running a child sex trafficking ring allegedly linked to the Clinton-Podesta-Alefantis nexus is further insulated and protected by this sudden newly enacted law, rendering the sleuths in pursuit of truth and justice now the criminals for trying to hold the DC child rapists accountable. Satanic sickos will stop at no limit to continue their evil ways.
Still another recent related news item coming out of Washington DC is the more than a dozen young girls gone missing within the first couple weeks in March, reopening the burning question are they just the latest Pizzagate victims? This news only underscores the alarming number of reported minors gone missing in DC just since the beginning of this year – 501 mostly Latino and black girls. And per capita, DC and surrounding vicinity of Virginia rack up more children who annually disappear than any other state in the union. Again, child sex trafficking is an out of control epidemic that must be stopped, and it appears nowhere is it more defiantly in our face than our nation’s capital. Meanwhile, lame stream news just keeps pretending no child trafficking network even exists in Washington, ridiculing it as fake news and those acknowledging the truth as conspiracy nuts.
Last month actor Ashton Kutcher testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee touting his foundation for rescuing child trafficking victims around the globe after Homeland Security contacted him pleading his assistance in tracking down dark web perps, as if the feds’ deep pocketed DARPA that came up with the internet long before Google don’t have the technological capacity to track down the bad guys. The actor dramatically claimed that his hi-tech company Thorn, started by his now ex-wife Demi Moore and him contains the [likely AI] software logarithm that permits law enforcement to prioritize sex offender caseloads to track down traffickers. His company is funded by Google, Facebook, Twitter and Amazon, all the same companies that ban even talking about pedophilia. At one point during the congressional hearing, Ashton Kutcher blows a kiss to his favorite politician Senator John McCain, suggesting they’re more than just a passing acquaintance. That’s because Kutcher is a board member on the McCain’s Foundation, a think tank with a stated objective of combating child sex trafficking.
Only McCain’s organization is under current investigation for misallocating funds for providing zero donations toward anti-trafficking. More than one government insider has fingered McCain as a suspected pedophile, alleged to be on the pending FBI arrest list. Among Trump’s most venomous enemies, John McCain may well be Trump’s bullseye target for most wanted in his swamp draining operation. Additionally, several of McCain’s key campaign staffers have been convicted of pedophilia and sexual misconduct and McCain himself has a long controversial history of corruption and treasonous aiding and abetting the enemy, caught yucking it up in photo-ops with known terrorist leaders after illegal visits to their headquarters.
Another notably revealing story making the rounds is a recent episode from Dr. Phil’s show featuring a woman who calls herself Kendall. She disclosed that her parents sold her at birth to a rich and powerful owner who as a member of the elite for many years used her for pedophiles to sexually abuse as his sex slave. Her owner would hire makeup artists and furnish her with fashionable attire just to hide the reality that she was an orphaned sex slave. Constantly raped since birth before she could even speak, Kendall was regularly tortured as a forced participant in sadistic satanic rituals involving child sacrifice. She grew up thinking it was normal for children to be brutally assaulted for adult sexual gratification and describes herself being kept in a cage observing other kids in cages sold to highest bidders.
Kendall stated that similar to the film Hunger Games (another Lions Gate release), children are actually hunted down like animals for sport by the rich, then systematically caught and raped. As a woman currently in her late twenties, only three years ago Kendall managed to escape from her horrific life in chronic bondage. Her appearance on mainstream television serves an important function of bringing increasing levels of public awareness to the worldwide PedoGate phenomenon of child sexual slavery and global human trafficking.
The Multi-Front War – How Deep State Plans to Kill Trump, Alt Media, Free Speech, the Truth and Us
Fearing the wrath of angry masses catching onto their evildoing, the globalists are stepping up their attacks on humanity. The Atlantic has planted the seed as if it’s already a done deal or soon to be, featuring an article entitled “Rewriting the Rules of Presidential Succession,” invoking post-Trump continuity of government (COG) parameters. The “not-my-president” minions are openly calling for assassination, violent overthrow and impeachment as legitimately justified means within the COG protocol for promoting the unlawful removal of a sitting US president. And with the debt ceiling crisis as of mid-March allowed to remain unresolved this time around, by sinister design without a willing way for the feds to keep kicking the can down the road, the business of government will soon be shutting down in syncopated coordination with the planned American Spring insurrection. Another George Soros funded regime change operation that with impunity he’s been executing for decades on every other continent has finally come home to roost, unfolding right here and right now on US soil. The countdown to chaos and implosion is upon us. And on the propaganda front centered on controlling the news, we’re also witnessing an equally unprecedented parallel process of deep state ratcheting up its multi-tentacled war waged against us the people, against our First Amendment rights, and against the truth exposing the elitist perpetrators’ crimes.
The CIA’s cold war Operation Mockingbird designed to control mainstream media by spewing out fake news propaganda never left, even after the Senate Church investigation forced it out into the open and then CIA Director George Bush lied publicly decreeing its end in 1976. But it only submerged into the deep state swamp where it’s subversively festered ever since. Today colluding with six oligarchs, the CIA still owns and controls MSM. But in response to the American public’s growing distrust towards the media, deep state in its information and propaganda war is out to own and control both our mind and our population. Gallup poll results from a half year ago reported the distrust has spread to an all-time high of 2 out of 3 Americans not believing the mainstream press at all anymore.
So the CIA’s deep pocket strategy has been to escalate its so called “anti-fake news” campaign, deploying hundreds if not thousands of paid shills to plant and disseminate disinformation to willfully discredit, smear, confuse and ultimately censor and eliminate the independent alternative news media as the last chance for the American people to access the truth about the egregious crime violations taking place. With the CIA’s Vault 7 listening and watching both our every move as well as candidate turned President Trump’s every move, deep state is deceitfully utilizing every weapon of mass destruction in its ungodly arsenal to subdue, imprison and destroy us.
The internet giants on social media have introduced the slippery slope of various thinly disguised censorship measures, whereby links and articles deemed as fake news by anyone who registers a complaint joined by a couple others, concluding that something on the internet rings either untrue or objectionable, can then be arbitrarily deleted and removed. Use of third party fact checkers like Snopes as “truth arbiters” is being implemented, in itself arguably a highly biased source of so called truth. In the electronic age online censorship is equivalent to burning books. We’re being attacked on all fronts because New World Order autocrats, in reaction to losing their grip of power and control over the growing legions of awakened citizens, must destroy all their designated enemies that of course begin with Trump, Putin, Assad, and 90% of us people on this planet who refuse to either be owned or eugenically eliminated. We the “useless eating deplorables” are now in the fight of our lives, standing up for both truth and our freedom in an epic battle of the ages to take down the demonic Satan worshipping cabal once and for all.
A growing percentage of the population recognizes mainstream media as the actual purveyors of fake news, subsequently fast losing its dwindling readership and viewing audience due to far more honest and accurate news accounts from selected alt media sites. Similarly, because Trump is posing such a threat to new world disorder, deep state is escalating its assault on him, calling for his overthrow in a nationwide insurgency while targeting independent news sources for elimination. Using Google and Facebook as social media censors, deep state totalitarianism is ultimately achieved only when people’s access to the truth is completely sealed and cut off, thereby enabling absolute control over the flow of [mis]information and news to the thoroughly brainwashed, kept in the dark, ignorant masses.
How Disinformation Shills Have Saturated the Internet: One Case Story
As a case in point, to undermine alternative news credibility, websites like “America’s Last Line of Defense” have been springing up spewing out false stories and lies so that designated censors like Snopes can debunk it. It’s a tag team enterprise ultimately designed to eliminate blacklisted independent media. This bogus site recently ran a series of totally fictional, sensationalized stories that inevitably got picked up by either other shills or a number of gullible online sites. A week ago “Last Line of Defense” began reporting that deceased onetime Hillary boyfriend and Clinton confidant Vince Foster’s body was ordered to be exhumed by a federal judge in response to Congressman Trey Gowdy’s request. The supposed explanation for this court decision came minutes after alleged evidence that a murdered journalist working on the case had a letter written on his behalf sent to his Washington Examiner editor. Allegedly Gowdy was able to quickly convince the judge to order Foster’s exhumed body from his Fairfax, Virginia graveside. Despite Snopes’ claim that it was meant to be “tongue-in-cheek” satire, the real agenda is to undermine the credibility of online alternative media, justifying censorship and elimination of fake news.
The biggest delivered lie from this story was the bogus announcement that the official cause of Foster’s death was abruptly changed from suicide to homicide, based on two alleged bullet holes found in the back of his skull, making it virtually impossible for his 1993 death to be self-inflicted (not unlike reporter Gary Webb who unearthed H.W. Bush’s Iran Contra scandal but later also paid for it with two bullet holes to the head “suicide”). And just to add fuel to the fake fire, once Foster’s body was examined, the ambulance carrying his body was reportedly set ablaze to destroy all further evidence linking the Clintons to the crime. The hoax was further spun with reports that when Trump found out, he went directly to FBI headquarters and allegedly fired the supervisor in charge of the original investigation.
This deceptive game is played by occasionally interspersing actual news events in with embellished fake accounts. One such supposed “kernel of truth” was MSM’s recent coverage of scandal-ridden cover-upper FBI Director James Comey suddenly dispatched for an impromptu meeting at the White House, of course immediately accompanied by online speculation over whether Trump fired Comey on the spot. Muddying the waters so the public doesn’t know what to believe is also the name of the game.
By cherry-picking and “exposing” so called fake news stories amongst the numerous alt media sites, MSM desperately attempts to win back its lost credibility while opportunistically convincing an unsuspecting, now minority public that independent and social media need to be reined in with increasing censorship for the public’s own good. This same deceptive message was conveniently spread in early December, fully exploiting what was yet another false flag after the Comet Ping Pong trigger-happy “lone gunman” showed up in order to smear the Pizzagate investigation and label its believers as tin foiled “conspiracy theorist” nuts. As mainstream media falls into non-relevant oblivion and out of business as lying, desperate propaganda whores and criminal accomplices, thoroughly exposed as the actual fake news, its panicking resolve to ban the real truth through planting fake news stories by way of its bogus alt news shill sites is skyrocketing now. The all-out war for our minds, bodies and souls is in full assault.
This Century’s Biggest CIA Drug Bust in the Atlantic and its Potential Link to Obama
Another story that broke in recent weeks is the largest Atlantic Ocean drug bust since 1999. On February 16th, 2017 a 70 foot fishing vessel named Lady Michelle registered out of a small Caribbean island nation that’s part of the British Commonwealth called St Vincent and Grenadine was busted attempting to transport a whopping 4.2 tons of cocaine worth $125 million. The Coast Guard and DEA working with local Caribbean authorities detected the suspicious boat located in a sea lane too deep for fishing and often used by drug smugglers. This much of the story is confirmed to be true, including the names of the captain and his three crewman all from Guyana.
But an article from Sorcha Faal at whatdoesitmean.com has taken the liberty to link the ship’s name to Barack Obama’s wife Michelle, concluding that the former president is now the criminal mastermind behind an international drug smuggling operation, that has forced him to subsequently flee to French Polynesia for safe refuge against extradition back to America. Meanwhile, MSM has announced that without his wife Michelle, Obama’s vacationing “alone” for the next month at the posh Brando resort island located in Tahiti. A couple weeks ago the site explained that sources from the Kremlin’s Foreign Intelligence Service provided the details to this part of the story, which the site admittedly has been known to spread disinformation propaganda. Thus, claiming that Obama has a new job as a drug dealing fugitive may well be just more sensationalized fake news on the heels of the already explosive incriminating revelations that Obama as president ordered illegal surveillance of Trump shared by virtually all the US intel agencies with a constant flow of leaks to MSM. Unscrupulous FBI Director Comey’s been outed, recently caught lying [again] insisting that the Trump Tower was not surveilled despite the latest congressionally released testimony confirming that Trump in fact was.
A strange anomaly surfacing from the Caribbean drug arrests is the Argyle International Airport as a brand new $259 million international investment from Cuba, Taiwan and its biggest investor Venezuela as St Vincent’s largest land development in history. The airport’s construction had been nine long years in the making, and to great national fanfare, it had just been opened and begun operating only two days prior to the huge drug bust in international waters 70 nautical miles from Suriname. That timing in and of itself has to raise a degree of red flag suspicion, especially since the reported very first flight to land at the airport was a chartered private aircraft from Mexico while Lady Michelle was allegedly docked close by, awaiting its cargo pickup. A month prior to leaving the White House, Obama signed the US-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act, alleged to essentially permit the CIA to lease both the Argyle airport and nearby fishing port for drug smuggling operations, a long established fact that the world’s biggest drug dealer for many decades since the Vietnam War has been none other than America’s CIA.
Another emphasized point connecting the dots between the historic drug bust and Obama is the Lady Michelle’s captain, a Guyana national named Mohamed Nazin Hoseain. According to Russian intelligence, Hoseain is “an organizational member of the terrorist group the Muslim Brotherhood,” which Trump is considering a designated terrorist group, joining the UK, Egypt, United Arab Emirates, Russia and Syria. Obama threw longtime US ally Egyptian dictator Mubarak under the bus in favor of the Muslim Brotherhood’s Mohamed Morsi, now serving a life sentence in an Egyptian prison. Plus, aside from Obama’s half-brother Malik’s ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, Obama signed a secret directive identifying the organization as a “moderate” Islamist group rather than classifying it as radical. Additionally, Barack Hussein’s been accused of allowing Muslim Brotherhood members to infiltrate a number of key positions throughout his administration.
An added piece of info is the Obamas happened to be vacationing in the geographic area with billionaire Richard Branson in the Virgin Islands just before the Caribbean bust went down in February. Around that same time in a related matter, a dozen TSA agents were arrested for smuggling 20 tons or $100 million worth of cocaine coming into US via Puerto Rico over the last 18 years under both Bush and Obama’s watch. Upon learning of the TSA arrests, alleged Obama surrogates and possible accomplices allegedly attempted to contact the drug vessel captain but to no avail. Obama and his people then fled the Virgin Islands just days prior to the four arrested crewman taken into custody aboard the Lady Michelle and flown directly to the US Virgin Islands immediately after Obama’s departure. Another coincidence?
At that point Barack and Michelle went their separate ways. Once back in DC, in a frantic 36-hour time lapse, Obama embarked on an unscheduled whirlwind journey conferring with important players within his powerful support system network. He first flew to New York City to meet with his lawyers and take in a Broadway play for fake news CNN, then onto meet with his multibillionaire globalist friend and ally Warren Buffet in Omaha to no doubt discuss Obama’s mounting legal problems, from stealing millions from Fannie May and Freddie Mac in order to illegally bankroll his Obamacare, to his warrantless (till October) illegal spying on Trump and perhaps even his latest Caribbean headache, then onto Silicon Valley to meet with more strategic A-list intelligentsia, many of whom worked in his administration, likely soliciting their much needed support prior to flying on to Hawaii to say goodbye to his family before escaping on to Tahiti.
Obama’s entire whirlwind tour across the globe was unplanned, but the stopover in Hawaii wasn’t just a “hi-goodbye” to his family. An old Harvard law school buddy who also graduated with him in 1991 that Obama later appointed as federal judge just so happened to make a major ruling to block Trump’s travel ban less than 48 hours after Obama breezed through town, right by the judge’s home and courthouse. Very likely the two met. Obama moved from the White House taking up residence two miles from his former home with his closest advisor Valerie Jarrett moving in to the makeshift war room where operation dump Trump would vow to remove him from office by any and all means necessary.
But with all the public disclosures of Obama’s recent legal improprieties piling up fast, his meeting with his legal defense team to his key powerful influential allies before rushing off to a location where he cannot be extradited, all suggest that perhaps he is a fugitive on the run, be it for drug running or otherwise. After his near lethal damage to America, millions of citizens are no doubt hoping that all his treasonous crimes against humanity are finally catching up to him. Same goes for Hillary, Bill and the Bushes.
What’s Next?
And so it goes, the infamous diabolical cabal players who’ve been raping our children and planet for centuries are now running like cockroaches naked and exposed from the glaring spotlight. But in retaliation for their all too visible crimes against humanity, they are launching their long schemed, converging perfect storm – take out people’s access to the truth while trying to take out their elected leader who’s allegedly determined to take them out first, using their trusty stand-by – false flag terrorism last week in London to distract from the US-UK GCHQ Trump wiretap scandal. The next terrorism will most likely be on US soil, all designed to foment the national emergency and crisis needed to trigger emerging civil war violence on America’s blood-stained streets, amidst global military showdowns against the manufactured enemies of the Eastern alliance, intended to ignite World War III, all coordinated and timed with their central banking system dominoes falling as the collapsing global economy is detonated to crash in a resultant mushroom cloud of apocalyptic destruction. With nine months still left in 2017, this war of the ages could even go nuclear as the deranged elite fight for their lives by snuffing out our entire planet we call home. While we have them panicking and on the run, now is our time to fight to take back our mother earth for the sacred, God given life we still cherish. For the sake of our children and our children’s children, our time to act is now! 
Joachim Hagopian is a West Point graduate and former US Army officer. He has written a manuscript based on his unique military experience entitled “Don’t Let The Bastards Getcha Down.” It examines and focuses on US international relations, leadership and national security issues. After the military, Joachim earned a master’s degree in Clinical Psychology and worked as a licensed therapist in the mental health field with abused youth and adolescents for more than a quarter century. In recent years he has focused on his writing, becoming an alternative media journalist. His blog site is at http://empireexposed.blogspot.co.id/.








https://www.youtube.com/watch/DtrJ3NocpWQ








(N.Morgan) The New York Post recently ran an article about how Huma Abedin is working hard to save her crumbling marriage to the notorious sexter, Anthony Weiner.According to sources close to Hillary and Huma: “Huma has been working hard on her relationship with Anthony,” said a source close to the Abedin family. “He has been spending 80 to 90 percent of his time at the [Irving Place apartment] they share . . . If there is a disagreement, he goes to his mother’s apartment in Brooklyn.Many are boggled as to why Huma would ever consider giving her serial sexter husband another chance?The answer could be very simple, if they remain married neither would be under legal obligation to testify against the other.The video below gives more details about how this scheme by this dysfunctional duo would play out in the court of law.References:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY-UU3bN4FkMILC-CMd8N5whttp://nypost.com/2017/03/25/huma-abedin-is-giving-marriage-with-anthony-weiner-another-try/http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4332468/Anthony-Weiner-seen-crutches-Manhattan.html?ito=social-twitter_dailymailusMore Stories Contributed By N. Morgan








“Weekly News Wrap-Up 3/31/2017″
By Greg Hunter’s USAWatchdog.com 
 
“The pile of felonies against people in the Deep State that illegally released classified information, for the purpose of embarrassing and destroying the incoming Trump Administration, keep stacking up. This crime is orders of magnitude worse that Watergate. The White House invited leaders of Congress to see documents from whistleblowers that point to improper handling of Intel surrounding the Trump team.
 
Meanwhile, the Democrats and their allies in the mainstream media (MSM) continue to push a false narrative of Trump and his team colluding with the Russians without one single piece of evidence of wrongdoing after 8 months of an FBI investigation. The leader of Russia, Vladimir Putin, said this week that Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential Election is “fictional, illusionary, provocations and lies, used for domestic political agendas.”
 
On the economy, two headlines from ZeroHedge.com point to a dangerous top forming in the markets. One proclaims “Margin Debt Hits New Record High but Analysts Say “Don’t Worry.” Another says “Fed’s Dudley: ‘I Don’t Think We Are Removing the Punch Bowl Yet.” If these headlines are not the sign of an extreme market top, I don’t know what it would take?” Join Greg Hunter as he talks about these stories and more the Weekly News Wrap-Up.
 

- http://usawatchdog.com/

- http://usawatchdog.com/








Legumes are a food group rich in B vitamins, contain different beneficial minerals (calcium, potassium and magnesium) and sizeable amounts of fibre and are regarded as a low-glycemic index food, which means that blood glucose levels increase only slowly after consumption. Due to these unique nutritional qualities, eating legumes regularly can help improve human health. In fact, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) declared 2016 as the international year of legumes to raise people’s awareness of their nutritional benefits.Although legumes have long been though to offer protection against type 2 diabetes (which is a significant health problem worldwide affecting more than 400 million adults in 2015), to date there has been little research to confirm this association.Compared to individuals with a lower consumption of total legumes — lentils, chickpeas, beans and peas — individuals with a higher consumption had a 35 percent lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes.Researchers analysed 3349 participants at high risk of cardiovascular disease but without type 2 diabetes at the beginning of the PREDIMED study. After 4 years of follow-up, the results have revealed that compared to individuals with a lower consumption of total legumes — lentils, chickpeas, beans and peas- (12.73 grams/day, approximately equivalent to 1.5 servings per week of 60g of raw legumes), individuals with a higher consumption (28.75 grams/day, equivalent to 3,35 servings/week) had a 35% lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The researchers highlight the importance of consuming legumes to prevent chronic diseases such as diabetes, but state that further research must be conducted in other populations to confirm these results.
Contacts and sources:
Nerea Becerra
Universitat Rovira i Virgili,








Despite international efforts to address food insecurity, around 108 million people in the world were severely food insecure in 2016, a dramatic increase compared with 80 million in 2015, according to a new global report on food crises released in Brussels on 31 March 2017.The report, whose compilation required integrating several measurement methodologies, represents a new and politically innovative collaboration between the European Union and United States Agency for International Development (USAID), regional food security institutions together with UN agencies including the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), the World Food Programme (WPF) and Unicef. The European Commission’s Joint Research Centre (JRC) – developed methodologies for analysing the global situation in the food crisis hot spot areas contributed to the report. Credit: FSINThe dramatic increase reflects the trouble people have in producing and accessing food due to conflict, record-high food prices in local markets and extreme weather conditions such drought and erratic rainfall caused by El Niño.Civil conflict is the driving factor in nine of the 10 worst humanitarian crises, underscoring the strong linkage between peace and food security, says the Global Report on Food Crises 2017 report,By joining forces to deliver neutral analytical insights drawn from multiple institutions, the report – to be issued annually — enables better-informed planning decisions to respond to food crises in a more timely, global and coordinated way.Around €8.8 billion are devoted by the EU to food, nutrition security and agriculture for the period 2014-2020, with €525 million to address food crisis. For humanitarian food and nutrition assistance in particular, the European Commission’s annual average budget in the last 5 years was around EUR 540 million, with a peak in 2016, with over EUR 620 million for this sector. Credit: FSIN“Political initiatives to tackle global food crises must be based on trusted, independent and sound science in order to be effective and supported by all stakeholders. I am very pleased that the European Commission’s science and knowledge service, the Joint Research Centre (JRC), provided a solid scientific foundation to this report using its excellence in analytical methodologies and modelling” commented Tibor Navracsics, Commissioner for Education, Culture, Youth and Sport, responsible for the Joint Research Centre.“This report highlights the critical need for prompt and targeted action to effectively respond to the food crises and to address their root causes. The EU has taken leadership in this response. In 2016, we allocated €550 million already, followed by another €165 million that we have just mobilized to assist the people affected by famine and drought in the Horn of Africa” said Neven Mimica, Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development.“The report is the outcome of a joint effort and a concrete follow-up to the commitments the EU made at the World Humanitarian Summit in Istanbul, which identified the urgent need for transparent, independent but consensus-based analysis of crises. I hope this document will be a strong tool for the whole international community to improve the coordination of our responses to crises” added Christos Stylianides, Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Management.Most critical situations are worseningThis year, the demand for humanitarian and assistance aimed at building resilience will further escalate as four countries are at risk of famine: South Sudan, Somalia, Yemen and northeast Nigeria. Other countries that require massive levels of humanitarian assistance because of widespread food insecurity are Iraq, Syria (including refugees in neighbouring countries) Malawi and |Zimbabwe. In the absence of immediate and substantive action, the food security situation in these countries will continue to worsen in coming months, according to the new report.  Credit: FSIN“The cost in human and resource terms only increases if we let situations deteriorate,” said Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) Director-General José Graziano da Silva. “We can prevent people dying from famine but if we do not scale up our efforts to save, protect and invest in rural livelihoods, tens of millions will remain severely food insecure.”“The numbers tell a deeply worrying story with more than 100 million people severely food-insecure, a level of suffering which is driven by conflict and climate change. Hunger exacerbates crisis, creating ever greater instability and insecurity. What is a food security challenge today becomes tomorrow’s security challenge,” said Ertharin Cousin, Executive Director of the World Food Programme (WPF). “It is a race against time – the world must act now to save the lives and livelihoods of the millions at the brink of starvation.”The 108 million people reported to be facing severe food insecurity in 2016 represent those suffering from higher-than-usual acute malnutrition and a broad lack of minimally adequate food even with external assistance. This includes households that can cope with their minimum food needs only by depleting seeds, livestock and agricultural assets needed to produce food in the future. Without robust and sustained action, people struggling with severe food insecurity risk slipping into an even worse situation and eventual starvation.   Contacts and sources:Barbara Piotrowska The European Commission’s Joint Research Centre (JRC) Read the new report: Global Report on Food Crises 2017 https://ec.europa.eu/europeaid/global-report-food-crises-2017_en








Avoid doing this if you want to decrease risk of certain cancers!According to several studies, how meat is prepared and cooked has an impact on how much the meat increases colon and kidney cancer risk. The higher the temperature at which the meat is cooked, and the more well-done the meat is, the more likely it is to increase cancer risk.Cooking meat at high temperatures until very well-done creates carcinogens (cancer-causing compounds). More well-done meat contains higher levels of carcinogens, called heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) than less well-done meat.HAAs and PAHs are formed when the protein and/or fat in the meat gets very hot. Think of the black, char-grilled exterior that a piece of grilled meat can have. This is a source of carcinogens, the chemicals that can increase colon cancer risk.To put the “how much” question about meat and colon cancer risk into perspective, keep in mind:If you enjoy meat, but want to keep your risk for colon and other cancers in check:READ MORERead on at http://www.apple-a-day-clinic.com/Health_and_Nutrition_Blog?m8:post=cooking-this-way-may-cause-this-killerFor more info on this and many other topics, subscribe to our blog at http://www.apple-a-day-clinic.com/15.html!We also have a fantastic Natural health store With a Naturopath and Licensed Dietitian Nutritionist, and a Pharmacy Technician on staff to answer all your health questions! To stay up to date on all things natural, LIKE us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter








Castor Oil Wipes For More Than 25 Diseases
Castor oil is often used in compresses because it has a strong effect on the circulation. All you need to prepare this compress is cold pressed oil, plastic sheeting, clean gauze, water bottle or a hot water bottle and a towel.
It is very important to clean your skin with a baking soda solution before and after the use of the compress. Soak some gauze in heated castor oil and put it on the critical place. Cover the place with foil and place a hot water bottle on it. Wrap a towel over it and hold at least one hour. While holding the compress, You should find a comfortable position during this time and rest.
Word of the day: Prepare! And do it the old fashion way, like our fore-fathers did it and succeed long before us, because what lies ahead of us will require all the help we can get. Watch this video and learn the 3 skills 

Castor oil is cheap, but unfortunately not so popular remedy as it should be. This natural remedy has many positive effects on your health, and it can help you to remove brown spots from your skin, lower back pain, heal your injured wrist and get rid of many other health issues.
It is recommended by holistic medicine for many diseases which are generally resistant to traditional medicine and treatments. It is highly beneficial for many health issues and its application is limitless.
Here is a list of various health problems treated with castor oil, all of them described in details by Dr. William Mc Garey:
 
1.Wounds bruises and cuts heal fast if they are treated with castor oil.
2.Massaging the belly with castor oil in the last two months of pregnancy prevents stretch marks.
3.Injured wrists are healed rapidly if they are wrapped in castor oil and left overnight.
4.It was noted that there is significant reduction in hearing loss by dripping castor oil in the ear.
5.It can effectively remove warts after four-week application.
6.It removes calcium deposits on the sole by having regular daily massages.
7.Castor oil and baking soda combination have proved effective in treating skin cancer.
8.It prevents snoring after a two-week application.
9.It relieves pain and itching from insect bites, including bee stings.
10.It can also speed up the healing of hepatitis.
11.If you want to alleviate chronic diarrhea apply castor oil and cover the area of the stomach.
12.It eliminates nail fungus when used as a coating on the affected areas every day.
13.It alleviates recovery from alcoholism.
14.If want to relieve the pain in the lower back, you just need to apply castor oil one a week.
15.If you have serious ocular allergies, you can alleviate them by rubbing castor oil on the eyelids before sleeping.
16.If you have problems with pilonidal cysts, just apply castor oil and they will disappear completely.
17.With a daily usage of linings on the neck for three months nodules on the vocal cords and chronic hoarseness can be removed.
18.You can cure cataract by dripping one drop of castor oil in your eye every night before sleeping.
19.It’s beneficial for treatment of melanoma when applied topically on regular basis.
20.It improves health in the terminal phase of cancer.
21.Massage your head with castor oil 20 minutes before shampooing and you will boost your hair growth.
22.It completely eradicates tinnitus when taken orally at a dosage of 6-8 drops a day for a month.
23.Apply castor oil in the stomach area in you have problems with hyperactivity, it will be treated successfully.
24.It treats allergies successfully when taken at a dosage of five drops each morning.
25.You can bleach brown spots with a mixture of castor oil and baking soda.
SOURCE : http://www.allselfsustained.com/baking-soda-castor-oil-wipes-25-diseases-make-use/

Castor oil is often used in compresses because it has a strong effect on the circulation. All you need to prepare this compress is cold pressed oil, plastic sheeting, clean gauze, water bottle or a hot water bottle and a towel.It is very important to clean your skin with a baking soda solution before and after the use of the compress. Soak some gauze in heated castor oil and put it on the critical place. Cover the place with foil and place a hot water bottle on it. Wrap a towel over it and hold at least one hour. While holding the compress, You should find a comfortable position during this time and rest.Word of the day: Prepare! And do it the old fashion way, like our fore-fathers did it and succeed long before us, because what lies ahead of us will require all the help we can get. Watch this video and learn the 3 skills Castor oil is cheap, but unfortunately not so popular remedy as it should be. This natural remedy has many positive effects on your health, and it can help you to remove brown spots from your skin, lower back pain, heal your injured wrist and get rid of many other health issues.It is recommended by holistic medicine for many diseases which are generally resistant to traditional medicine and treatments. It is highly beneficial for many health issues and its application is limitless.Here is a list of various health problems treated with castor oil, all of them described in details by Dr. William Mc Garey:1.Wounds bruises and cuts heal fast if they are treated with castor oil.2.Massaging the belly with castor oil in the last two months of pregnancy prevents stretch marks.3.Injured wrists are healed rapidly if they are wrapped in castor oil and left overnight.4.It was noted that there is significant reduction in hearing loss by dripping castor oil in the ear.5.It can effectively remove warts after four-week application.6.It removes calcium deposits on the sole by having regular daily massages.7.Castor oil and baking soda combination have proved effective in treating skin cancer.8.It prevents snoring after a two-week application.9.It relieves pain and itching from insect bites, including bee stings.10.It can also speed up the healing of hepatitis.11.If you want to alleviate chronic diarrhea apply castor oil and cover the area of the stomach.12.It eliminates nail fungus when used as a coating on the affected areas every day.13.It alleviates recovery from alcoholism.14.If want to relieve the pain in the lower back, you just need to apply castor oil one a week.15.If you have serious ocular allergies, you can alleviate them by rubbing castor oil on the eyelids before sleeping.16.If you have problems with pilonidal cysts, just apply castor oil and they will disappear completely.17.With a daily usage of linings on the neck for three months nodules on the vocal cords and chronic hoarseness can be removed.18.You can cure cataract by dripping one drop of castor oil in your eye every night before sleeping.19.It’s beneficial for treatment of melanoma when applied topically on regular basis.20.It improves health in the terminal phase of cancer.21.Massage your head with castor oil 20 minutes before shampooing and you will boost your hair growth.22.It completely eradicates tinnitus when taken orally at a dosage of 6-8 drops a day for a month.23.Apply castor oil in the stomach area in you have problems with hyperactivity, it will be treated successfully.24.It treats allergies successfully when taken at a dosage of five drops each morning.25.You can bleach brown spots with a mixture of castor oil and baking soda.SOURCE : http://www.allselfsustained.com/baking-soda-castor-oil-wipes-25-diseases-make-use/








Are You Eating Toxic Chocolate? Lead Found inTrader Joe’s, Hershey’s and Other ChocolatesMar. 26, 2016 12:40PM ESTConsumer health watchdog As You Sow released results Wednesday showing that 35 of 50 chocolateproducts tested, including chocolate bunnies and eggs, expose consumers to lead and cadmium abovelevels set by California’s Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act.Testing commissioned by As You Sow, and conducted at independent laboratories, indicates that thechocolate products contain lead and/or cadmium, and they fail to provide the legally required warningto consumers.“Lead exposure is associated with neurological impairment, such as learning disabilities and decreasedIQ, even at very low levels. In fact, there is no safe level of lead for children,” said Eleanne van Vliet,MPH, As You Sow’s environmental health consultant.As You Sow has filed legal notices against chocolate manufacturers, including Trader Joe’s, Hershey’s,Green and Black’s, Lindt, Whole Foods, Kroger, Godiva, See’s Candies, Mars, Theo Chocolate, EqualExchange, Ghirardelli, Earth Circle Organics and more, for failure to warn of lead and/or cadmium intheir chocolate products.“As underscored by the Flint disaster, humans have contaminated our environment with lead, and nowwe must do everything in our power to protect ourselves and children, who are the most vulnerable ofus, from every possible exposure,” said Sean Palfrey, MD, a pediatrician and professor of pediatrics andpublic health at Boston University School of Medicine. “Young children and pregnant women especiallyshould avoid exposure to lead.”Scientists have linked chronic cadmium exposure to kidney, liver and bone damage in humans. Childrenare more susceptible to especially susceptible to even from low doses over time. Animal studiesassociate cadmium exposure with decreased birth weight, neurobehavioral problems and malereproductive harm.Recent revelations of lead contamination in water in Flint, Michigan raised awareness that lead isirrefutably linked to neurological impacts in children. Since 1992, As You Sow has led enforcementactions resulting in removal of lead from children’s jewelry and formaldehyde from portable classrooms.“Lead and cadmium accumulate in the body, so avoiding exposure is important, especially for children,”explained Danielle Fugere, As You Sow president. “Our goal is to work with chocolate manufacturers tofind ways to avoid these metals in their products.”SOURCE








Several YouTube Channels covered the magnetosphere data missing on or about March 14, 2017. The controversy exists mainly because nobody has been able to catch NASA completely removing something after it has already been released. Typically, when there is something they don’t want us to see, like comet perihelions, they simply pull the simulations or data links and take things completely offline. What is interesting is that these magnetosphere images were made public and then quickly taken back. A FIRST!The video below shows you several hundred streaming images of the most bizarre magnetosphere images yet to be seen. What you will see in this video is that any wind coming from the Aquarius constellation would now be at 90 degrees and oppositional to the Sun’s spiral wind. To the viewer the wind would be coming from the viewer’s point of view (Y cut). Intersecting at 90 degrees opposition would create maximum magnetic torque upon Earth’s magnetosphere because the magnetic field is strongest at a point 90 degrees from its origin.So when watching the Y cut simulations try to imagine the wind blowing away from you and intersecting a very weak solar wind. The video producers, make no mistake about it, claim that second wind is Helium 3 and Helium 4.https://youtu.be/c52sbawAh4w








Bigfoot and Paranormal investigator Stan Gordon talks about the rash of bigfoot and UFO sightings int eh 1970′s. Is there a connection?
Since 1965, Stan Gordon has been conducting on scene investigations of mysterious encounters in Pennsylvania. He has been involved with the examination of thousands of UFO and other strange reports from across the Keystone State. During the late 1960′s, Stan acted as a telephone report sighting coordinator for the UFO Research Institute of Pittsburgh. Stan has been internationally recognized as an authority on the subject of the UFO and Bigfoot phenomena.He gained prominence from his first hand investigation into the well remembered 1973 UFO/Bigfoot series of sightings and encounters which occurred in Pennsylvania. He founded the Westmoreland County UFO Study Group in 1970, which expanded to the Pennsylvania Center For UFO Research in 1975. In 1981 he founded the Pennsylvania Association For the Study Of The Unexplained.Stan Gordon served as the Pennsy1vania State Director of the Mutual UFO Network for many years and was the first recipient (1978) of the annual MUFON “Meritorious Achievement in A UFO Investigation Award.” Stan also continues to investigate information concerning the controversial UFO crash/retrieval case which occurred on December 9, 1965 near Kecksburg in Pennsylvania and has been the primary investigator of the event for many years.Thanks http://bigfootevidence.blogspot.comCheck out more contributions by Jeffery Pritchett ranging from UFO to Bigfoot to Paranormal to Prophecy~~~~~Most people who use social media have figured out that Facebook and Google are in cahoots with the government. For those who are well aware of the issues, it’s high time you switched over to Seen.life. It is a website that is similar to Facebook but without all the censorship.Firearm friendly, you may buy sell or trade anything allowed by site TOS rules.








Following a new NASA bill, passed in March by the US Congress and which authorizes $19.5 billion spending for space exploration in 2017, manned missions to Mars are closer to reality than ever before.As both public and private enterprises gear up towards a return to the Moon and the first human footsteps on the Red Planet, there is a renewed focus on keeping people alive and productive in these extreme environments. Plants, and specifically crop plants, will be a major component of proposed regenerative life-support systems as they provide food, oxygen, scrub carbon dioxide, and aid in water recycling – all in a self-regenerating or ‘bioregenerative’ fashion. Lunar Farm – The ability to grow food locally will be vital to economically sustaining human presences on the moon, on other planets, and in orbital habitats.Research into space farming has resulted in numerous Earth-based advances (e.g., LED lighting for greenhouse and vertical farm applications; new seed potato propagation techniques, etc.) There are still many technical challenges, but plants and associated biological systems can and will be a major component of the systems that keep humans alive when we establish ourselves on the Moon, Mars and beyond.Credit: NASAA recent article by Dr. Raymond M. Wheeler from the NASA Kennedy Space Center, now available in open access in the journal Open Agriculture, provides an informative and comprehensive account of the various international historical and current contributions to bioregenerative life-support and the use of controlled environment agriculture for human space exploration. Covering most of the major developments of international teams, it relates some of this work to technology transfer which proves valuable here on Earth.Research in the area started in 1950s and 60s through the works of Jack Myers and others, who studied algae for oxygen production and carbon dioxide removal for the US Air Force and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Studies on algal production and controlled environment agriculture were also carried out by Russian researchers in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia beginning in the 1960s including tests with human crews whose air, water, and much of their food were provided by wheat and other crops. NASA initiated its Controlled Ecological Life Support System (CELSS) Program in the early 1980s with testing focused on controlled environment production of wheat, soybean, potato, lettuce, and sweet potato. Findings from these studies paved the way to conduct tests in a 20 m2, atmospherically closed chamber located at Kennedy Space Center.At about the same time, Japanese researchers developed a Closed Ecology Experiment Facilities (CEEF) in Aomori Prefecture to conduct closed system studies with plants, humans, animals, and waste recycling systems. CEEF had 150 m2 of plant growth area, which provided a near-complete diet along with air and water regeneration for two humans and two goats.The European Space Agency MELiSSA Project began in the late 1980s and pursued ecological approaches for providing gas, water and materials recycling for space life support, and later expanded to include plant testing.A Canadian research team at the University of Guelph started a research facility for space crop research in 1994. Only a few years later, they went on to develop sophisticated canopy-scale hypobaric plant production chambers for testing crops for space, and have since expanded their testing for a wide range of controlled environment agriculture topics.Most recently, a group at Beihang University in Beijing designed, built and tested a closed life support facility (Lunar Palace 1), which included a 69 m2 agricultural module for air, water, and food production for three humans.As a result of these international studies in space agriculture, novel technologies and findings have been produced; this includes the first use of light emitting diodes for growing crops, one of the first demonstrations of vertical agriculture, use of hydroponic approaches for subterranean crops like potato and sweet potato, crop yields that surpassed reported record field yields, the ability to quantify volatile organic compound production (e.g., ethylene) from whole crop stands, innovative approaches for controlling water delivery, approaches for processing and recycling wastes back to crop production systems, and more. According to Dr. Gary W. Stutte, NASA’s principal investigator for several spaceflight experiments designed to grow plants in microgravity:“Dr. Ray Wheeler has written a compelling and complete history of the people that have committed their careers to enabling the colonization of space. Drawing upon his deep understanding of the programs developed, people involved, and progress achieved to highlight the accomplishments and contributions of scientist and engineers around the world to bring the vision of space exploration to fruition, he details the problems, challenges, results and contributions from the programs, and reveals how they benefited Earth, as well as space. Maria HrynkiewiczCitation: Agriculture for Space: People and Places Paving the Way
Raymond M. Wheeler
Published Online: 2017-02-10 | DOI: https://doi.org/10.1515/opag-2017-0002








Many EU-funded projects are working towards advancing robotics to assist people with overcoming societal challenges, such as providing care for the elderly or providing disaster relief. An academic who worked on one such project has now argued that author Isaac Asimov’s Laws of Robotics are not the moral guidelines that they appear and should be updated.Credit: © imredesiuk, Shutterstock
Applying Asimov todayProf Tom Sorell of the University of Warwick, UK, has recently argued that Asimov’s three laws seem a natural response to the idea that robots will one day be commonplace and need internal programming to prevent them from harming people. However, he argues that whilst Asimov’s laws are organised around the moral value of preventing harm to humans, they are not as easy to interpret. Prof Sorell, an expert on robot ethics, worked on the EU-funded ACCOMPANY project that developed a robotic companion to help elderly people live independent lives.Sorell writes that Asimov’s laws still seem plausible at face value because there are legitimate fears over the harm robots can do to humans, for example recent fatalities in the US from malfunctioning autonomous cars. But we are also living in an age where increasingly-sophisticated robots are being utilised to execute evermore complex tasks designed to protect and care for humans. These include not only robots designed to care for the elderly, as in ACCOMPANY (see the CORDIS Results Pack on ICT for Independent Living for more on EU-funded projects utilising robots to assist the elderly) but also robots that are designed to provide disaster relief. One example of this is the robot utilised by an EU-funded project to assess damaged heritage buildings in the earthquake-stricken Italian town of Amatrice. New robots, new paradoxes – new laws?Asimov’s laws become shakier when considering the development of human-directed military drones designed to kill other humans from afar. Paradoxically, if a robot is being directed by a human controller to save the lives of their co-citizens by killing the humans that are attacking them, it can be said to be both following and violating Asimov’s First Law. Also, if the drone is directed by a human, it can be argued that it is the human’s fault and not the drone’s for loss of life caused in combat situations. Indeed, armies equipped with drones will vastly reduce the amount of human life lost overall – perhaps it is better to use robots rather than humans as cannon fodder.At the other end of the scale, Asimov’s laws are appropriate if keeping an elderly person safe is the robot’s main goal. But often robotics fits into a range of ‘assistive’ technologies that help the elderly to be independent, the goal of the ACCOMPANY project. This means allowing them to make their own decisions, including those that could result in their causing injury to themselves, such as through falling. A robot that allowed its human to make independent decisions that could result in their injury through falling would be breaking the First Law through inaction to prevent human injury.However, Sorell argues that human autonomy must be respected, by both other humans and robots. Elderly people who make choices that will guarantee their continued independent living, but could put them at risk of injury, also need to be respected.So whilst Asimov’s laws have influenced robotics developers for decades, now is perhaps the time to re-evaluate their effectiveness and begin discussions on a new set of laws that work well with the ongoing, awe-inspiring breakthroughs in robot and AI technology taking place in Europe and across the world. Contacts and sources:








A new class of carbon nanotubes could be the next-generation clean-up crew for toxic sludge and contaminated water, say researchers at Rochester Institute of Technology.Enhanced single-walled carbon nanotubes offer a more effective and sustainable approach to water treatment and remediation than the standard industry materials—silicon gels and activated carbon—according to a paper published in the March issue of Environmental Science Water: Research and Technology.RIT researchers John-David Rocha and Reginald Rogers, authors of the study, demonstrate the potential of this emerging technology to clean polluted water. Their work applies carbon nanotubes to environmental problems in a specific new way that builds on a nearly two decades of nanomaterial research. Nanotubes are more commonly associated with fuel-cell research.
 
Credit: John-David Rocha and Reginald Rogers
 Rocha and Rogers are advancing nanotube technology for environmental remediation and water filtration for home use.“We have shown that we can regenerate these materials,” said Rogers, assistant professor of chemical engineering in RIT’s Kate Gleason College of Engineering. “In the future, when your water filter finally gets saturated, put it in the microwave for about five minutes and the impurities will get evaporated off.”Carbon nanotubes are storage units measuring about 50,000 times smaller than the width of a human hair. Carbon reduced to the nanoscale defies the rules of physics and operates in a world of quantum mechanics in which small materials become mighty.“We know carbon as graphite for our pencils, as diamonds, as soot,” Rocha said. “We can transform that soot or graphite into a nanometer-type material known as graphene.”A single-walled carbon nanotube is created when a sheet of graphene is rolled up. The physical change alters the material’s chemical structure and determines how it behaves. The result is “one of the most heat conductive and electrically conductive materials in the world,” Rocha said. “These are properties that only come into play because they are at the nanometer scale.”The RIT researchers created new techniques for manipulating the tiny materials. Rocha developed a method for isolating high-quality, single-walled carbon nanotubes and for sorting them according to their semiconductive or metallic properties. Rogers redistributed the pure carbon nanotubes into thin papers akin to carbon-copy paper.“Once the papers are formed, now we have the adsorbent—what we use to pull the contaminants out of water,” Rogers said.The filtration process works because “carbon nanotubes dislike water,” he added. Only the organic contaminants in the water stick to the nanotube, not the water molecules.“This type of application has not been done before,” Rogers said. “Nanotubes used in this respect is new.”Co-authors on the paper are Ryan Capasse, RIT chemistry alumnus, and Anthony Dichiara, a former RIT post-doctoral researcher in chemical engineering now at the University of Washington.








Becoming more and more popular these days are: insect tattoos. Many of the tattoos are integrated with symbols of significance in Ancient Egyptian origin. While many claim that these designs are beautiful expressions of ‘mother nature’, there is something much darker being portrayed in these grotesque bugs being stained into the flesh.The end of Pharaoh’s reign in Ancient Egypt included the biblical plagues that rained down on the land when he would not release the children of Israel from his idolatrous bondage and slavery. One of the major plagues sent to devastate Pharaoh and his people was the plague of locusts that swarmed into Egypt and desolated the land.The biblical plagues of Exodus and the plagues of Revelation have many interwoven synchronicities that you many explore for yourself. A major correlation of prophecy, in The Revelation given to John, reveals that there will be clouds of locusts (creatures) of the bottomless pit on ‘The Great and Terrible’ Day of The Lord.“And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit.And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power.” (Revelation 9:2-3 KJV Holy Bible)These innocent seeming tattoos are littered hidden occult symbology and sacred geometry. Sacred geometry is the primary basis of the mathematical principles practiced at CERN in their studies of the Higgs Boson particle. CERN was partially founded upon a landmark cite for a temple to Apollo (Apollyon). According to RTNews “Many observers could not help but notice that the town in France where CERN is partially situated is called “Saint-Genus-Poilly.” The name Pouilly comes from the Latin “Appolliacum” and it is believed that in Roman times a temple existed in honor of Apollo, and the people who lived there believed that it is a gateway to the underworld. It is interesting to note that CERN is built on the same spot.” [1]► So, these locust tattoos include two interesting themes to note: locusts and sacred geometry symbols directly correlating to CERN and Ancient Egypt.FEATURED VIDEO:“And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on their heads were as it were crowns like gold, and their faces were as the faces of men.And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as the teeth of lions.And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle.And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their tails: and their power was to hurt men five months.And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon.”  (Revelation 9:7-11 KJV Holy Bible)After reading this excerpt from Revelation, we ask the question: who ‘had a king over them’ ? The answer is: the locusts. The locusts have a king over them, the angel of the bottomless pit named Apollyon. All of this corresponds to the spirit of Apollyon (Satan) rising in these end times, primarily disguised in the ‘New Age’ spiritual witchcraft now prominent throughout our society (which is really very demonic) as well as: mother goddess worship, the occult and the entire CoExist (one world religion) movement. We need to:“Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ.” (Colossians 2: 8 KJV Holy Bible)
 These locust tattoos are a spiritual representation of the human host body (temple) being transmuted into another species. Sacred geometry in all truth is simply the study of the flesh. It stems from the first two cells that intersected (from way back in The Garden of Eden) when the fall of man occurred and the spiritual body was encapsulated into a flesh based paradigm which stems into the entire world system we live in today. The body is dead without the spirit and therefore our bodies are merely a ‘shell’ for our spirit.For a comprehensive study and documentation lesson regarding this outrageous ‘insect tattoo frenzy’ and the human transmutation we introduce, ANGELS to HUMANS to LOCUSTS:It’s blatantly obvious, there is a new race of beings being birthed within the race of humanity – these end times signs are irrefutable. Who in a sound frame of mind would want these creatures tattooed on them and especially in such outlandish places? Something else must be operating them behind the blinds . . . This is an end time manifestation of the children of disobedience; now the spirit which was hidden behind the cloak of their skin is coming into plain view. We are now able to clearly see who they are run by: Apollyon, that is, Satan![1] Source: https://www.rt.com/op-edge/313922-cern-collider-hadron-higgs/ For more wild revelations and hidden truths brought to light, we welcome you to visit: KEYS TO THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN   Recent Headlines:








Several studies have revealed the growing popularity of astrology columns, which has brought astrology to a mass level never in its long history enjoyed be-fore. The widespread exposure of astrology columns in newspapers and magazines is studied in the present research, according to the “uses and gratifications” ap- proach originally developed by mass communication scholars, in an attempt to re-veal the need gratified by them.
Using different anxiety scales and measures of horoscope usage-exposure, regularity, and acceptance-the possible sets of rela-tions between anxiety level, fatalism, and horoscope use are tested following the log-linear procedure. The results only partially confirm the hypothesis: exposure and regularity of readership are shown to be significantly related to several anxiety dimensions, while acceptance of horoscope predictions is related to locus of con- trol, but not directly to anxiety.
Finally, the compatibility of horoscopes to the readers’ needs is analyzed by the elements of contents, social setting of exposure, and the medium’s attributes. This study supports a claim of the uses and gratifica- tions approach, which sees modern media encroaching upon older means of satis- faction of social and psychological needs. Fulfilling this function, horoscopes are the prophecies that never fail. Creme says The World Teacher will offer Humanity a New Spirituality and if we accept and follow His Plan, we will end all Hunger, Suffering and War.
Yet it has been 24 years and so far “Christ” and His Ascended Masters have yet to appear?Since May of 1982, millions of children have starved to death, Genocide was committed in Rawanda, in Serbia, and is happening in Dakar (Sudan), 911 happened, Wars have raged such as Kosovo, Desert Storm I and II and Afghanistan. Countless men, women and children are being blown apart by Islamic Terrorists In Iraq and in Israel, London and Spain.
One of the reasons I fell for Armstrongism was that I said to myself, ‘Now here are people who actually take the Bible seriously.’ The truth is they do not. I evidance of this is their periodic revisions they give towards their supposedly ‘revealed’ prophecies. They keep changing their interpretation of Bible prophecy whenever a particular prediction fails to serve its purpose anymore. And their purpose is to keep members in fear of what will happen in the future. Once a prophecy fails and is past, it is useless in that regard. Therefore it is necessary to ‘update’ it, revise it, push its application further into the future so that the poor, long oppressed flock will be manipulated into fearing this revised prophecy and handing over their three tithes over to the bearer of this fearsome, revised prophecy.
In the world of Armstrongism prophecy is mainly used to keep members fearful of the future in this manner. If Armstrongite prophecy is not a tool used to produce fear, then why are their interpretations of prophecy not unchangeable? Why is it that whenever one of their prophecies fail it is simply recycled and placed further into the future? Why are there prophetic flip-flops? Thus members can’t ever breathe a sigh of relief, but must relive the fear and uncertainty all over again.
One example of this shameful prophetic revisionism was put on display with Mario Hernandez’ sermon, Review of Prophecy. Mario Hernandez is in charge of LCG’s recruitment drives in the Spanish speaking world. It was made around 2002. I watched this sermon around that time. Alas, it is no longer online. I know it was around that time because he mentioned September 11 in it. This sermon is mentioned near the end of Bob Thiel’s article ‘Why not the Philadelphia Church of God?’. Near the end of the article there is a letter written by one ex-member of PCG who had now joined LCG, and as the typical loyal member sings nothing but praises of it. She also praises this sermon in particular. She mentions this,

‘Like, we know God is all powerful and is omnipresent in a certain sense, but is God all omniscient? The Bible says no. “Now I know you will not withhold anything from me,” God said to Abraham, is just one verse showing this.’

Are we seeing this prophecy from 1982 come to pass? Only time will tell. True or not, this is a detailed vision of the Great Tribulation and the rise of the Antichrist.
Please watch the whole video before making judgement. 
Speaker is Ken Peters Filmed in 2000. His dream was in 1982.
DISCLAIMER: I do not 100% believe this is exactly what will happen. It is just a great depiction of one possibility. I cannot say if his vision is genuine, ill leave that up to you to decide.
 
End Time News And Bible Prophecy Pointing To Jesus’ soon Return.
Matthew 24:3-13
3 Now as He sat on the Mount of Olives, the disciples came to Him privately, saying, “Tell us, when will these things be? And what will be the sign of Your coming, and of the end of the age?”
4 And Jesus answered and said to them: “Take heed that no one deceives you. 5 For many will come in My name, saying, ‘I am the Christ,’ and will deceive many. 6 And you will hear of wars and rumors of wars. See that you are not troubled; for all[a] these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. 7 For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. And there will be famines, pestilences,[b] and earthquakes in various places. 8 All these are the beginning of sorrows.
9 “Then they will deliver you up to tribulation and kill you, and you will be hated by all nations for My name’s sake. 10 And then many will be offended, will betray one another, and will hate one another. 11 Then many false prophets will rise up and deceive many. 12 And because lawlessness will abound, the love of many will grow cold. 13 But he who endures to the end shall be saved. 14 And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in all the world as a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come.
 
Survival Food Prepping Ideas/ULTIMATE Top Skills 2017
Discover how to survive: Most complete survival tactics, tips, skills and ideas like how to make pemmican, snow shoes, knives, soap, beer, smoke houses, bullets, survival bread, water wheels, herbal poultices, Indian round houses, root cellars, primitive navigation, and much more at: The Lost Ways
The Lost Ways is a far-reaching book with chapters ranging from simple things like making tasty bark-bread-like people did when there was no food-to building a traditional backyard smokehouse… and many, many, many more!
 

SOURCE : http://www.mydailyinformer.com/everyone-needs-to-see-this-do-you-know-how-the-world-will-end-this-man-does-must-see/

Several studies have revealed the growing popularity of astrology columns, which has brought astrology to a mass level never in its long history enjoyed be-fore. The widespread exposure of astrology columns in newspapers and magazines is studied in the present research, according to the “uses and gratifications” ap- proach originally developed by mass communication scholars, in an attempt to re-veal the need gratified by them.Using different anxiety scales and measures of horoscope usage-exposure, regularity, and acceptance-the possible sets of rela-tions between anxiety level, fatalism, and horoscope use are tested following the log-linear procedure. The results only partially confirm the hypothesis: exposure and regularity of readership are shown to be significantly related to several anxiety dimensions, while acceptance of horoscope predictions is related to locus of con- trol, but not directly to anxiety.Finally, the compatibility of horoscopes to the readers’ needs is analyzed by the elements of contents, social setting of exposure, and the medium’s attributes. This study supports a claim of the uses and gratifica- tions approach, which sees modern media encroaching upon older means of satis- faction of social and psychological needs. Fulfilling this function, horoscopes are the prophecies that never fail. Creme says The World Teacher will offer Humanity a New Spirituality and if we accept and follow His Plan, we will end all Hunger, Suffering and War.Yet it has been 24 years and so far “Christ” and His Ascended Masters have yet to appear?Since May of 1982, millions of children have starved to death, Genocide was committed in Rawanda, in Serbia, and is happening in Dakar (Sudan), 911 happened, Wars have raged such as Kosovo, Desert Storm I and II and Afghanistan. Countless men, women and children are being blown apart by Islamic Terrorists In Iraq and in Israel, London and Spain.One of the reasons I fell for Armstrongism was that I said to myself, ‘Now here are people who actually take the Bible seriously.’ The truth is they do not. I evidance of this is their periodic revisions they give towards their supposedly ‘revealed’ prophecies. They keep changing their interpretation of Bible prophecy whenever a particular prediction fails to serve its purpose anymore. And their purpose is to keep members in fear of what will happen in the future. Once a prophecy fails and is past, it is useless in that regard. Therefore it is necessary to ‘update’ it, revise it, push its application further into the future so that the poor, long oppressed flock will be manipulated into fearing this revised prophecy and handing over their three tithes over to the bearer of this fearsome, revised prophecy.In the world of Armstrongism prophecy is mainly used to keep members fearful of the future in this manner. If Armstrongite prophecy is not a tool used to produce fear, then why are their interpretations of prophecy not unchangeable? Why is it that whenever one of their prophecies fail it is simply recycled and placed further into the future? Why are there prophetic flip-flops? Thus members can’t ever breathe a sigh of relief, but must relive the fear and uncertainty all over again.One example of this shameful prophetic revisionism was put on display with Mario Hernandez’ sermon, Review of Prophecy. Mario Hernandez is in charge of LCG’s recruitment drives in the Spanish speaking world. It was made around 2002. I watched this sermon around that time. Alas, it is no longer online. I know it was around that time because he mentioned September 11 in it. This sermon is mentioned near the end of Bob Thiel’s article ‘Why not the Philadelphia Church of God?’. Near the end of the article there is a letter written by one ex-member of PCG who had now joined LCG, and as the typical loyal member sings nothing but praises of it. She also praises this sermon in particular. She mentions this,‘Like, we know God is all powerful and is omnipresent in a certain sense, but is God all omniscient? The Bible says no. “Now I know you will not withhold anything from me,” God said to Abraham, is just one verse showing this.’Are we seeing this prophecy from 1982 come to pass? Only time will tell. True or not, this is a detailed vision of the Great Tribulation and the rise of the Antichrist.Please watch the whole video before making judgement. Speaker is Ken Peters Filmed in 2000. His dream was in 1982.DISCLAIMER: I do not 100% believe this is exactly what will happen. It is just a great depiction of one possibility. I cannot say if his vision is genuine, ill leave that up to you to decide. End Time News And Bible Prophecy Pointing To Jesus’ soon Return.Matthew 24:3-13
3 Now as He sat on the Mount of Olives, the disciples came to Him privately, saying, “Tell us, when will these things be? And what will be the sign of Your coming, and of the end of the age?”4 And Jesus answered and said to them: “Take heed that no one deceives you. 5 For many will come in My name, saying, ‘I am the Christ,’ and will deceive many. 6 And you will hear of wars and rumors of wars. See that you are not troubled; for all[a] these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. 7 For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. And there will be famines, pestilences,[b] and earthquakes in various places. 8 All these are the beginning of sorrows.9 “Then they will deliver you up to tribulation and kill you, and you will be hated by all nations for My name’s sake. 10 And then many will be offended, will betray one another, and will hate one another. 11 Then many false prophets will rise up and deceive many. 12 And because lawlessness will abound, the love of many will grow cold. 13 But he who endures to the end shall be saved. 14 And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in all the world as a witness to all the nations, and then the end will come. Survival Food Prepping Ideas/ULTIMATE Top Skills 2017Discover how to survive: Most complete survival tactics, tips, skills and ideas like how to make pemmican, snow shoes, knives, soap, beer, smoke houses, bullets, survival bread, water wheels, herbal poultices, Indian round houses, root cellars, primitive navigation, and much more at: The Lost WaysThe Lost Ways is a far-reaching book with chapters ranging from simple things like making tasty bark-bread-like people did when there was no food-to building a traditional backyard smokehouse… and many, many, many more!








Volcanic Ash Advisory from the Etna Volcano eruption extends far into eastern Europe and as more volcanoes globally continue to erupt along with erratic weather due an intensifying grand solar minimum leading our planet into a new mini ice age new agriculture techniques will need to be implemented.New agriculture methods to grow tomatoes at -45C on the permafrost of Siberia in triple enclosed greenhouses are proving to work well, plus Australian farmers and cherry growers are moving to enclose crops and orchards in hectare sized greenhouses due to the destabilizing climate. Video by Editor of www.oilseedcrops.org








by: Natural News-Jason Veeley    (Natural News) Once thought to be a promising and upcoming socialist utopia, Venezuela is now caught in a death spiral towards famine, starvation and poverty, all of which are directly linked to the corruption of a centralized authoritative regime. The conditions in Venezuela are so bad, in fact, that the government must set up barriers and restrictions for the news media so that the socialist country’s reputation isn’t damaged any further.In February of this year, for example, CNN was kicked out of Venezuela for reporting on the poor conditions inside Caracas Public High School. “CNN, do not get into the affairs of Venezuela. I want CNN well away from here,” demanded President Maduro. “Outside of Venezuela. Do not put your nose in Venezuela.”However, despite this resentment towards the news media, ABC Australia journalist Eric Campbell was recently able to capture undercover footage of the horrific conditions inside of Venezuela. The video shows a country replete with starving Venezuelans lining up in the streets for food, people digging through the trash to find a small bite to eat, and also violent thugs and gangs that are quickly climbing the nation’s social ladder.“They’re here from 3 a.m. to buy two packets of flour,” one man explained in the video. “That’s the only product in the store, there’s nothing more.” Interestingly, when asked by Eric Campbell who was to blame for the hunger and the corruption, the man replied, “Well the government is to blame, because the government holds the people’s money.” (RELATED: You won’t believe what Venezuelans are resorting to eating in order to survive.)Another Venezuelan said of the empty food shelves, “They’re fine in the government, they can eat and all that stuff while people queue from three in the morning.” The young woman, who eventually identifies herself as a mother, explains how she has to get in line at two or three in the morning just to find “nappies” for her baby which, according to her, are difficult to find.As the short documentary goes on to explain, often times the long food lines and the scarcity of food cause all-out riots, which is why law enforcement now stands guard outside of grocery stores.Unsurprisingly, the physical conditions of Venezuela are poor as well. Trash lines the sidewalks of most of the country’s neighborhoods, and the roads are cracked and littered with potholes. This is especially true for the very top of the hills, where the poorest of Venezuelans live. As Campbell notes, taxis don’t even travel up that way. Instead, communal buses and motorbikes are used to get from place to place.Venezuela didn’t get this way overnight. The long food lines, the poverty and the economic dislocation has really been brought about by the election of Hugo Chavez in 1998. Once in power, Chavez did away with the existing congress and replaced it with a new National Assembly, which he then used to rewrite the country’s constitution in order to consolidate his power. Though Chavez thought of himself as a successful and enlightened world leader, his actions as president proved otherwise. For example, Chavez essentially launched an all out war on the private sector by nationalizing thousands of private companies and industries, which as history tells us, does nothing to stimulate the economy. By contrast, excessive government regulation over the economy initiates an economic death spiral.Years of these kinds of policies are what eventually turned Venezuela into what it is today – a chaotic, poverty-ridden society whereby government officials live like kings and the people, quite literally, live and eat in trash. Americans should look at the conditions in socialist Venezuela and learn from them, because if we continue going down a path of progressivism, social engineering and big government, our society will one day look similar, if not identical, to Venezuela’s.Source:http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-03-29-banned-video-reveals-the-horrors-of-venezuelas-starving-population.html








For outdoor lovers and survival enthusiasts alike, weight is an obsession. This is the main reason why 9 out of 10 backpackers prefer survival tools that are lightweight, portable and with multi-function properties. One of the most commonly used and carried survival tool among campers is the survival stove; a stove that is not only portable, convenient and practical but most importantly, lightweight.In this article review, we will be looking at three of the lightest and best selling survival stoves in the market today. What each product has to offer and what sets them apart from all the other portable survival stoves that are being used today. 1. Esbit Ultralight Folding Pocket Stove with Six 14g Solid Fuel Tablets By: Esbit ($10.99)
Product Description:Review on the Esbit Ultralight Pocket StoveSince its invention more than 80 years ago, the Esbit Ultralight Pocket Stove was the ultimate choice for millions of campers and backpackers when heating food and water in the wilderness is concerned. Made from electrolytic galvanized steel, this camping stove is small enough when folded to easily fit in your pocket. The Esbit Ultralight Pocket Stove measures just about 3.9″x3″x 0.9″ when folded and it can boil half liter of water in just 8 minutes. When you purchase this portable stove, you will also be getting the 6-14g hexamine fuel tablets.This lightweight camping stove features two cooking positions that allows you to have a little control over the flame. You can fix the walls of your stove to be at 90 degrees or you can use the hinge that allows the stove’s walls to lock at 45 degrees which is better for smaller items.Like all survival stoves out there, the Esbit Ultralight Pocket Stove also has its pros and cons.Pros and Cons of the Esbit Ultralight Pocket StoveProsConsThe Esbit Ultralight Pocket Stove is one good portable stove to have around with you if you plan to go on an outdoor adventure weather for the long run or just for the weekend. It’s not only a very effective survival stove but it is also very easy to use, easy to pack, and of course, lightweight. The only downside for me is the limitation to type of fuel and though the stove itself is quite affordable, the fuel can cost a bit more. 2. Emberlit Stainless Steel Stove By: Emberlit ($38.60)
In the wilderness and in any survival situation, preparing food as well as boiling clean water is very crucial. This is the main reason why portable survival steel stoves were invented. In today’s survival toolkits, survival stove products that are portable, easy to use, lightweight, and budget friendly can be considered as one of the most important survival tools that should always be in one’s survival backpack.Now, let us look into one of the most talked about and best selling portable stoves in the market today: the Emberlit Stainless Steel Stove.Product Description:Review on the Emberlit Stainless Steel StoveSet Up and Take Down Setting up the Emberlit Stainless Steel Stove is so easy it saves precious time. Just fallow the assembly instructions that come with the product and you can easily assemble your Emberlit Steel stove on the fly. The only thing to remember is that the front side with the fuel feeder opening goes last. The simplicity of this stove’s design is an advantage because you can assemble the stove even if you are in a hurry.Taking down the Emberlit is as easy as setting it up. After the stove cools down, you can just wash the remaining ashes and embers left in the stove. Fold, repack, and break camp without living any trace of camp fire around.Efficiency The  Emberlit Stainless Steel Stove burns with little or no smoke. It burns everything that dealing with ash is no longer a problem. The efficiency of this camping stove is due to its great design. When you buy your own Emberlit Stainless Steel Stove, you will notice that the base of the stove is larger than it is at the top. This design allows the stove to have a more stable base and also keeps the fuel away from the bottom edges of the stove where the air holes are located.Clean Up  Cleaning up the Emberlit Stainless Steel Stove after use is rather easy. Just use soap and water to clean the stove and you’re done.Pros and Cons of the Emberlit Stainless Steel StovePros:Cons:VerdictThe Emberlit Stainless Steel Stove is one good survival tool that could make your survival tool kit stand out. With its simplicity, durability, versatility and easy to use functions, the Emberlit Stainless Steel Stove is worth your every penny. 3. Solo Stove Lite By: Solo Stove ($69.99)
First things first and I know what you are thinking: Isn’t that a Bushbuddy Ultra portable stove? Well, the answer is NO! The Solo Stove lite is not the Bushbuddy Ultra Portable stove but a Bushbuddy clone. So, you’re either okay with it or you are not. It’s up to you. Now that we got that out of the way, let us now look further on what the Solo Stove Lite is all about.Product Description:Review on the Solo Stove LiteThe Design With a diameter of just 4.25 inches and a height of 3.8 inches, the Solo Stove can be considered as one of the smallest yet effective survival portable stoves in the market today. The Solo Stove Lite is made from 304 stainless steel and weighs just over 7 ounces. When using the Solo Stove, the pot stand portion of the stove flips over and nests within the stove in order to save space. Doing this also makes the Solo Stove become a “Natural Convection Inverter Downgas Gasifier Stove”. It means, the air intake holes at the bottom of the stove allows air to flow at the bottom of the fire and at the same time it channels warm air up between the stove’s walls.How to use It’s very easy to use the Solo Stove Lite. Just collect small twigs and put them at the top where your cooking ring will be placed. Light up your collected twigs to start your fire.  Wait until your fire is self sustaining before placing your pot or pan on top of your cooking ring. Continuously add your collected small twigs into your fire until you have finished your cooking and boiling chores.Clean Up The Solo Stove Lite will self-extinguish once all the fuel burns up. The ash that was left behind on the stove can be easily collected and buried leaving no trace of camp fire in the area. You can just wipe your Solo Stove Lite until it becomes clean or you can wash and clean it with water-soap solution. Pros and Cons of the Solo Stove LitePros: Cons: VerdictThe Solo Stove Lite may be more expensive compared to other available portable survival stoves in the market today. But be that as it may, the Solo Stove Lite  packs more helpful features than most of the other portable stoves today. The stove is also simple, easy to use, and functional. A well designed camping stove that can be a very good addition to every outdoor enthusiast’s survival toolkit.Final Take All three portable survival stoves reviewed in this article are all well designed, easy to carry, and fun to use. While all three stoves are a little bit small, they can still do the job necessary (boiling water, cooking or reheating simple delicacies) that it was designed to do. It is now up to you to decide and choose the type of survival stove you wish to add in your survival tool kit.If you have any survival item you’d like me to review next, just let me know in the comments section below.








Owning a a record breaking sunglass company under the tag line “Come out of the darkness and into the light” with Vlad Eyewear, afforded many opportunities in life including professional skydiving. One day this adrenaline junkie decided to put all the extra energy into an all out art binge and was inspired to take out a sheet metal grinder and start carving patterns into multiple forms of metal.Having never read The Bible before in his life, he was shocked at what he saw after applying various lighting to the artwork. Get ready to freak out!FEATURED VIDEO:What in the world am I taking about? I am trying to put in words the most supernatural art gallery you will ever witness in your existence on Earth – guaranteed.To see the full art show including the paranormal disclosures relating to the entire story from start to finish: start here.For more wild revelations and hidden truths brought to light, we welcome you to visit: KEYS TO THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN   Recent Headlines:








https://jamyeprice.com/ Read it here: https://jamyeprice.com/april-ascensio…Jamye Price is an energy healer, author, channel, teacher and student of life. She created a healing modality, Crystalline Soul Healing and also channels healing energies in the form of Light Language, which are universal languages that effect great healing. For more information about Light Language, Jamye’s book Opening to Light Language offers an in-depth study into this unique and powerful communication. https://jamyeprice.com/product/openin…








Proddatur (LGBT-GR-TYP-BIN)(Picture Source: 66 Books)Children Must Obey Godly Instructions From Parents‘For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck. Proverbs 1:9’A young man can be like a glorious prince with a crown on his head and chains on his neck. There are two conditions – parents to teach him God’s wisdom, and his obedience to that instruction. If either is missing, a young man will grow up dysfunctional and disgraceful. The only remedies in such a case are the powerful grace of God, intervention of other teachers, and/or his devoted diligence to overcome such a handicap to success.This proverb is a powerful metaphor. Instead of using “as” or “like” to indicate a simile, Solomon made a stronger point by teaching that obedience to parental instruction would give a young man the visible honor usually due a prince (Gen 41:42). While obedience will not literally obtain jewelry for a young man’s public appearance, it will give him the grace and wisdom that gloriously adorn a young man in the eyes of God and men.Solomon introduced the purpose of Proverbs (Pr 1:1-6), laid the foundation of wisdom in the fear of the Lord (Pr 1:7), and identified the importance of young men obeying their parents (Pr 1:8-9). He went on to warn against companionship with wicked men (Pr 1:10-19), and he described the terrible consequences of rejecting offered wisdom (Pr 1:20-33). Here in the first chapter of the book are the foundation stones for success in life.Wise parental instruction is essential for a young man’s success. Without it, he enters the world as an ignorant infant, and he makes little progress beyond that without parental experience and wisdom poured into his heart and mind. He never truly grows up! He remains deformed and stunted in proportion to the neglect of his parents. He responds to life in most cases like a spoiled child. Character is formed in childhood and youth (Pr 19:18; 22:6,15). Woe to the young man with foolish, lazy, or wicked parents.A young man learns the important things in life by watching and obeying a godly father. He learns to balance authority and affection, maximize a marriage, obtain professional success, lead a home, respect authority, manage money, avoid whores and drunkenness, walk with God, pray, apply the Bible, and forgive others’ offences. Without this training, he lacks graciousness, humility, perseverance, mercy, and ruling his spirit and tongue. He never achieves the princely grace and glory of a man with the approval of God and men.What are the lessons this far? A young man’s success depends on the wise instruction of godly parents. Parents have an obligation from God to train their children in the fear of the Lord (Pr 23:13-14; 29:15; Deut 6:4-7; Eph 6:4). And children are bound to repay their parents for that great kindness and service shown to them when helpless (I Tim 5:4).But wise parental instruction is only half of the equation. A young man must obey the rules and warnings of his parents in order to benefit from their efforts. A foolish and stubborn child is doomed to failure and misery. The only way he can grow and prosper before God and men is to take his parents’ advice to heart and obey it in his life (Pr 3:1-2). The goal of being a prince before God and men is only achieved by careful obedience to good parents.Father! Do you train your children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord, like David, Abraham, and others (Pr 4:3-4)? The consequences of neglecting your children, no matter the excuse, will cause problems for generations.Young man! Are you obeying what your parents have taught you? Do you humbly accept instruction, even when it differs from this perverse world (Pr 15:31; Deut 4:5-10)? Are you strong and focused enough to defy peer pressure and sinful influences (I Cor 15:33)?Older man! If you had great parents that taught you the fear of the Lord, honor them, and thank God for them. If you did not have such parents, then you must beg God for help and put forth greater effort to learn the valuable things you were not taught in childhood.The ultimate crown and chains of glory are reserved in heaven for those who endure temptation and pursue a life of righteousness as defined by Jesus Christ and His apostles (I Cor 9:25). A prince in heaven is infinitely superior to one on earth. Look well to your going. Do not miss your reward (II John 1:8).(Source: LGBT/PIB/GR/TYP/BIN/USPA/WN/IAIJ)








At the end of March, the French missile frigate “Lafayette” arrived at the port of Odessa, Ukraine.There is nothing strange about this. If it were not for one circumstance …Before Odessa, Ukraine, the “Lafayette” had gone to Bulgaria.The first mention about this was reported by the French Ambassador to Bulgaria Eric Lebedel in his Twitter account,On the Bulgarian forum the next day there was an interesting message, which the Bulgarians began actively discussing.The report was published by the employee of the sea port of Varna. He told a mysterious tale, like a detective story, about the frigate “Lafayette”.From his words, at night in the port began some unusual secret activity. The mooring place of the frigate was cordoned off by some armed men. Together with them were armed sailors from the frigate, all in the cordoned area. They drove out all the port loaders from the adjoining territory. About two o’clock in the morning, two strange trucks with unusual containers come on the pier and begain unloading near the frigate. They were escorted by three cars full of armed guards. Then strange things began to happen.Except for the armed men, the pier was empty. The truck drivers got out and climbed on board the frigate. About 15 Minutes later, and unusual group of 10 people decinded from the frigate. All of them were dressed in costumes for increased radiation protection. Having split into two groups, they began to take the load the cargo trucks and return to the frigate. In each truck there was only one small container.As the port worker wrote, it all looked like a shot from a tough action movie.An hour later the transhipment ended, the trucks and armed guards left and nothing was said about something mysterious and incomprehensible which had happened here.From his friend with the port administration, he found out in the morning that a mysterious cargo had been delivered by the American company Purple Shovel. The unloading of the machines and the loading of cargo onto the frigate was handled by the frigate team itself. What is this cargo, it is not known. And in general they told him that he would forget everything he saw.One of the forum participants, also a port employee, confirmed this fact in a conversation under this message.The Bulgarians at the forum were building a lot of assumptions and versions about what it could be which had been loaded. It was suggested that it could be nuclear charges, mini-nukes (mini-nuclear explosive devices), enriched uranium, or new weapons.An interesting detail is that a day after the publication, this message on the forum has disappeared.We were interested in this ‘detective story’. We do not have confirmation of these facts, but decided to find out what kind of American company is “Purple Shovel” mentioned in the message.If such a company does not exist at all, then the very case described can be considered someone’s joke.But it turned out that such a company does exist, and this is a very interesting company with a rich dark biography of doing work for the CIA and carrying out tasks for the US military.This company already has been in the spotlight in Bulgaria:“So in October 2015, as a result of the explosion of grenades during the charging of the RPG-7 grenade launcher, an American contractor, 41-year veteran of the fleet Francis Norville, died. Two more US citizens and two Bulgarian citizens were wounded. The Americans worked for the American company Purple Shovel, which initially performed the task of the US military – training and equipping fighters of the Syrian opposition, as briefly explained in the US Embassy.”The company “Purple Shovel” is headquartered in Virginia.According to the US government databank Special Operations Command (SOCOM), which is responsible for supporting Syrian militants, in December 2014 during the military operations, the US Army authorized the company “Purple Shovel” to execute an order for the supply of weapons worth more than $ 26.7 million for the foreign fighters in Syria. According to the database these was purchased in Bulgaria.So, such a company really exists and it has a very rich history. She might well have taken part in this mysterious story.We do not draw any conclusions and leave it to the readers. Whether this story is invented or not, we do not know. If the frigate did not go to Odessa immediately after Bulgaria, we would not be interested in this story.http://www.abovetopsecret.com/index.php








http://verociti.comTrade sanctions may one day be seen as the opening shots of WWIII. Economic sanctions have become the first attack of choice in bending or weakening non-compliant adversaries to the modern western globalist view.  The US encouraged the Ukrainian maiden revolution after their President turned towards Russia over the EU. The US and its western allies started imposing financial and trade sanctions on Russia. These sanctions were advantageous to the US who had little trade with Russia while financially hurting many countries within the EU. They continued ratcheting up the sanctions against Russia who in turn created counter sanctions and refused to yield to the pressure from the west. Now the US has put China in its sights and has started sanctioning their companies using North Korea and Iran as the excuse. The US in trying to maintain its global hegemony is going after countries that currently or will in the future challenge its ability to project power globally.China is rapidly growing its military and will have the ability soon to impose financial sanctions and penalties against its adversaries a feat that has been limited to the US and its allies. China realizes as the west does that if they can gain the ability to control trade through its surrounding seas it can unseat the United States political and economic power.  The US and Europe like Japan was at the beginning of WW2, is very dependent on imports and fear having its trade controlled by adversaries. When these hegemonic views are challenged the US has two options economic warfare and/or military war.Almost all modern wars involving the US since WW1 have evolved from economic actions. The US was drawn into WW2 after Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. This was precipitated from the US starting trade sanctions against Japan in July 1940 on oil and steel. Then in July 1941 the US started a full oil and economic embargo on Japan who at the time was at war with China and dependent on 80% of its imports from the west.President Donald Trump on the 31st of March 2017 signed two  Presidential Executive Orders, “Establishing Enhanced Collection and Enforcement of Antidumping and Countervailing Duties and Violations of Trade and Customs Laws” and “Regarding the Omnibus Report on Significant Trade Deficits.”Trade and economic warfare almost always preceded actual war.  President Trump will host President Xi of China at Mar-a-Lago on April 6th and 7th where he is to address trade and North Korea.
China realizes the power that it could soon yield against other nations. The west’s ability to prevent this power exchange is closing. The military might of China in four years will be sufficient to control their surrounding seas almost unchallenged. Any nation that would challenge this control would have to be willing to sacrifice significant military losses while China embargoed trade through the surrounding seas causing massive economic chaos to their country. China is starting to project its growing military and economic power by setting up bases in other countries like their new naval base in Djibouti Africa. China’s Chairman of the National People’s Congress Standing Committee Zhang Dejiang stated this past week, “China is ready to work with Cuba to advance military ties so as to further enrich bilateral relations.” According to Reuters, Chinese Defense Ministry spokesman Wu Qian, told a monthly news briefing on March 30th in reference to the US supplying new weapons that “Separatist Taiwan independence forces and their activities are the greatest threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait…It is futile to use weapons to refuse unification and is doomed to have no way out.”CONTINUE READING








http://verociti.comTrade sanctions may one day be seen as the opening shots of WWIII. Economic sanctions have become the first attack of choice in bending or weakening non-compliant adversaries to the modern western globalist view.  The US encouraged the Ukrainian maiden revolution after their President turned towards Russia over the EU. The US and its western allies started imposing financial and trade sanctions on Russia. These sanctions were advantageous to the US who had little trade with Russia while financially hurting many countries within the EU. They continued ratcheting up the sanctions against Russia who in turn created counter sanctions and refused to yield to the pressure from the west. Now the US has put China in its sights and has started sanctioning their companies using North Korea and Iran as the excuse. The US in trying to maintain its global hegemony is going after countries that currently or will in the future challenge its ability to project power globally.China is rapidly growing its military and will have the ability soon to impose financial sanctions and penalties against its adversaries a feat that has been limited to the US and its allies. China realizes as the west does that if they can gain the ability to control trade through its surrounding seas it can unseat the United States political and economic power.  The US and Europe like Japan was at the beginning of WW2, is very dependent on imports and fear having its trade controlled by adversaries. When these hegemonic views are challenged the US has two options economic warfare and/or military war.Almost all modern wars involving the US since WW1 have evolved from economic actions. The US was drawn into WW2 after Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. This was precipitated from the US starting trade sanctions against Japan in July 1940 on oil and steel. Then in July 1941 the US started a full oil and economic embargo on Japan who at the time was at war with China and dependent on 80% of its imports from the west.President Donald Trump on the 31st of March 2017 signed two  Presidential Executive Orders, “Establishing Enhanced Collection and Enforcement of Antidumping and Countervailing Duties and Violations of Trade and Customs Laws” and “Regarding the Omnibus Report on Significant Trade Deficits.”Trade and economic warfare almost always preceded actual war.  President Trump will host President Xi of China at Mar-a-Lago on April 6th and 7th where he is to address trade and North Korea.
China realizes the power that it could soon yield against other nations. The west’s ability to prevent this power exchange is closing. The military might of China in four years will be sufficient to control their surrounding seas almost unchallenged. Any nation that would challenge this control would have to be willing to sacrifice significant military losses while China embargoed trade through the surrounding seas causing massive economic chaos to their country. China is starting to project its growing military and economic power by setting up bases in other countries like their new naval base in Djibouti Africa. China’s Chairman of the National People’s Congress Standing Committee Zhang Dejiang stated this past week, “China is ready to work with Cuba to advance military ties so as to further enrich bilateral relations.” According to Reuters, Chinese Defense Ministry spokesman Wu Qian, told a monthly news briefing on March 30th in reference to the US supplying new weapons that “Separatist Taiwan independence forces and their activities are the greatest threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait…It is futile to use weapons to refuse unification and is doomed to have no way out.”CONTINUE READING








http://verociti.comTrade sanctions may one day be seen as the opening shots of WWIII. Economic sanctions have become the first attack of choice in bending or weakening non-compliant adversaries to the modern western globalist view.  The US encouraged the Ukrainian maiden revolution after their President turned towards Russia over the EU. The US and its western allies started imposing financial and trade sanctions on Russia. These sanctions were advantageous to the US who had little trade with Russia while financially hurting many countries within the EU. They continued ratcheting up the sanctions against Russia who in turn created counter sanctions and refused to yield to the pressure from the west. Now the US has put China in its sights and has started sanctioning their companies using North Korea and Iran as the excuse. The US in trying to maintain its global hegemony is going after countries that currently or will in the future challenge its ability to project power globally.China is rapidly growing its military and will have the ability soon to impose financial sanctions and penalties against its adversaries a feat that has been limited to the US and its allies. China realizes as the west does that if they can gain the ability to control trade through its surrounding seas it can unseat the United States political and economic power.  The US and Europe like Japan was at the beginning of WW2, is very dependent on imports and fear having its trade controlled by adversaries. When these hegemonic views are challenged the US has two options economic warfare and/or military war.Almost all modern wars involving the US since WW1 have evolved from economic actions. The US was drawn into WW2 after Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. This was precipitated from the US starting trade sanctions against Japan in July 1940 on oil and steel. Then in July 1941 the US started a full oil and economic embargo on Japan who at the time was at war with China and dependent on 80% of its imports from the west.President Donald Trump on the 31st of March 2017 signed two  Presidential Executive Orders, “Establishing Enhanced Collection and Enforcement of Antidumping and Countervailing Duties and Violations of Trade and Customs Laws” and “Regarding the Omnibus Report on Significant Trade Deficits.”Trade and economic warfare almost always preceded actual war.  President Trump will host President Xi of China at Mar-a-Lago on April 6th and 7th where he is to address trade and North Korea.
China realizes the power that it could soon yield against other nations. The west’s ability to prevent this power exchange is closing. The military might of China in four years will be sufficient to control their surrounding seas almost unchallenged. Any nation that would challenge this control would have to be willing to sacrifice significant military losses while China embargoed trade through the surrounding seas causing massive economic chaos to their country. China is starting to project its growing military and economic power by setting up bases in other countries like their new naval base in Djibouti Africa. China’s Chairman of the National People’s Congress Standing Committee Zhang Dejiang stated this past week, “China is ready to work with Cuba to advance military ties so as to further enrich bilateral relations.” According to Reuters, Chinese Defense Ministry spokesman Wu Qian, told a monthly news briefing on March 30th in reference to the US supplying new weapons that “Separatist Taiwan independence forces and their activities are the greatest threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait…It is futile to use weapons to refuse unification and is doomed to have no way out.”CONTINUE READING








Check out BraveCounsel! A channel dedicated to bringing amazing information to the Truther Community, including NASA Coverups, political scandal & the Deep State!This episode is on the ongoing fight to help save YouTube from censorship & how the Mainstream Media is trying to destroy Alternative creators, big and small alike!Help the fightback by joinging the Alliance! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErcU56eOXcs








April 2nd, 2017By Claire BernishAfter it waged a veritable war against cannabis legalization in Arizona, coughing up half a million dollars for the campaign, pharmaceutical company Insys Therapeutics recently announced its ultimate victory has finally come to fruition: the DEA has approved one of the company’s groundbreaking pharmaceuticals — synthetic marijuana — to be listed as a Schedule II substance.“Insys gave $500,000 last summer to Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy, the group opposing marijuana legalization in Arizona,” the Washington Post reported. “The donation amounted to roughly 10 percent of all money raised by the group in an ultimately successful campaign against legalization.Insys was the only pharmaceutical company known to be giving money to oppose legalization last year, according to a Washington Post analysis of campaign finance records.”That flood of cash from the pharmaceutical company with a vested interest in killing legalization probably did just that.Now, the equally profit-motivated U.S. government has bestowed on Insys Therapeutics what is tantamount to skirting federal cannabis prohibition — despite that synthetic Syndros contains the equivalent ingredient, THC, which nature provided in the first place.CONTINUE READING:Also by Claire Bernish: FACEBOOK]: http://www.facebook.com/joinwakeupworld (An interactive community of over 3,500,000)[PINTEREST]: http://pinterest.com/wakeupword/[TWITTER]:  http://twitter.com/joinwakeupworld[YOUTUBE]: http://www.youtube.com/joinwakeupworld          [GOOGLE PLUS]: https://plus.google.com/112452105795129310867/posts[WEBSITE]: http://wakeup-world.com








April 2nd, 2017By Carolanne WrightContributing writer for Wake Up WorldA cancer diagnosis is a terrifying prospect — one that we would surely like to avoid at all costs. Through lifestyle choices and consuming a clean diet, we vastly improve our chances of staying healthy and bypassing the disease entirely. But sometimes, regardless of the measures we take, it simply isn’t enough.Considering 1 in 8 women (about 12%) are diagnosed with breast cancer in the US — with 252,710 new invasive cases and 63,410 non-invasive cases expected to strike in 2017 — new treatment options that hold promise cause ripples of excitement in the medical community and the public alike. If such a medical protocol doesn’t have significant side-effects, even better. But what if it allowed women diagnosed with breast cancer to skip chemotherapy, radiation and surgery altogether — and eliminated the disease in just 11 days?This is exactly the kind of breakthrough that was presented by Professor Nigel Bundred at the 10th European Breast Cancer Conference (EBCC-10) in Amsterdam in 2016.CONTINUE READING:Recommended articles by Carolanne Wright:FACEBOOK]: http://www.facebook.com/joinwakeupworld (An interactive community of over 3,500,000)[PINTEREST]: http://pinterest.com/wakeupword/[TWITTER]:  http://twitter.com/joinwakeupworld[YOUTUBE]: http://www.youtube.com/joinwakeupworld          [GOOGLE PLUS]: https://plus.google.com/112452105795129310867/posts[WEBSITE]: http://wakeup-world.com








See Something Say Something should be good for everyone, especially when people are missing, says Sovereign Crown Denderah.She is investigating the number of missing women in the New York City region. Her research has sparked interest in other areas, particularly latin regions. Missing- It’s An Underground Network Denderah reports it is her duty as an Indigenous Emissary for The People to investigate and report what those who occupy the land are doing.She reminds everyone that as a United Nations Charter Member the U.S. (its Military and Law Enforcement) must uphold their agreements in relation to the Indigenous people of the land regardless if they have been reclassified as something else.  ROOTS-A Lie and A Hoax to Steal American LandSovereign Crown Denderah encourages everyone to review the below document.  Please&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;review&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;the United Nations Charter Member States agreements. All member&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;Nations and&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;States&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;agree to uphold to&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;use indigenous&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;land.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Included Agreements are:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Punishment of Crimes Against Internationally Protected Persons, 1973&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; International Law Concerning Friendly Relations and Co-operation Among States, 1970&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Convention on Statelessness,&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, 2007&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, 1948&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The United Nations (UN) officially came into existence on 24 October 1945, after ratification of the United Nations Charter by the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council (the Republic of China, France, the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom, and the United States) and a majority of the other signatories. A total of 51 original members (or founding members) joined that year; 50 of them signed the Charter at the United Nations Conference on International Organization in San Francisco on 26 June 1945, while Poland, which was not represented at the conference, signed it on 15 October 1945.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents (1973)&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 1&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;1. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ldquo;Internationally protected person&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rdquo; means:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;a) A Head of State, including any member of a collegial body performing the functions of a Head of State under the constitution of the State concerned, a Head of Government or a Minister for Foreign Affairs, whenever any such person is in a foreign State, as well as members of his family who accompany him;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;b) Any representative or official of a State or any official or other agent of an international organization of an intergovernmental character who, at the time when and in the place where a crime against him, his official premises, his private accommodation or his means of transport is committed, is entitled pursuant to international law to special protection from any attack on his person, freedom or dignity, as well as members of his family forming part of his household.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;2. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ldquo;Alleged offender&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rdquo; means a person as to whom there is sufficient evidence to determine prima facie that he has committed or participated in one or more of the crimes set forth in article 2.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 2&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;1. The intentional commission of:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;a) A murder, kidnapping or other attack upon the person or liberty of an internationally protected person;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;b) A violent attack upon the official premises, the private accommodation or the means of transport of an internationally protected person likely to endanger his person or liberty;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;c) A threat to commit any such attack;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;d) An attempt to commit any such attack; and&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;e) An act constituting participation as an accomplice in any such attack shall be made by each State Party a crime under its internal law.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;2. Each State Party shall make these crimes punishable by appropriate penalties which take into account their grave nature.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;3. Paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article in no way derogate from the obligations of States Parties under international law to take all appropriate measures to prevent other attacks on the person, freedom or dignity of an internationally protected person.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 3&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;1. Each State Party shall take such measures as may be necessary to establish its jurisdiction over the crimes set forth in article 2 in the following cases:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;a) When the crime is committed in the territory of that State or on board a ship or aircraft registered in that State;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;b) When the alleged offender is a national of that State;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;c) When the crime is committed against an internationally protected person as defined in article 1 who enjoys his status as such by virtue of functions which he exercises on behalf of that State.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;2. Each State Party shall likewise take such measures as may be necessary to establish its jurisdiction over these crimes in cases where the alleged offender is present in its territory and it does not extradite him pursuant to article 8 to any of the States mentioned in paragraph 1 of this article.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;3. This Convention does not exclude any criminal jurisdiction exercised in accordance with internal law.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 4&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;States Parties shall cooperate in the prevention of the crimes set forth in article 2, particularly by:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;a) taking all practicable measures to prevent preparations in their respective territories for the commission of those crimes within or outside their territories;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;b) exchanging information and coordinating the taking of administrative and other measures as appropriate to prevent the commission of those crimes.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Articles 5-20: http://legal.un.org/ilc/texts/instruments/english/conventions/9_4_1973.pdf&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Co-operation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations (1970)&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;[Indigenous People are separate and distinct; alien to this administration; and have a separate and distinct status from the administrators of the colonial occupiers of the land.]&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Content:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;By virtue of the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations, all peoples have the right freely to determine, without external interference, their political status and to pursue their economic, social and cultural development, and every State has the duty to respect this right in accordance with the provisions of the Charter.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Every State has the duty to promote, through joint and separate action, realization of the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter, and to render assistance to the United Nations in carrying out the responsibilities entrusted to it by the Charter regarding the implementation of the principle, in order:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;To promote friendly relations and co-operation among States; and&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; To bring a speedy end to colonialism, having due regard to the freely expressed will of the peoples concerned;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; and bearing in mind that subjection of peoples to alien subjugation, domination and exploitation constitutes a violation of the principle, as well as a denial of fundamental human rights, and is contrary to the Charter.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Every State has the duty to promote through joint and separate action universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms in accordance with the Charter.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The establishment of a sovereign and independent State, the free association or integration with an independent State or the emergence into any other political status freely determined by a people constitute modes of implementing the right of self-determination by that people.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Every State has the duty to refrain from any forcible action which deprives peoples referred to above in the elaboration of the present principle of their right to self-determination and freedom and independence. In their actions against, and resistance to, such forcible action in pursuit of the exercise of their right to self-determination, such peoples are entitled to seek and to receive support in accordance with the purposes and principles of the Charter.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The territory of a colony or other Non-Self-Governing Territory has, under the Charter, a status separate and distinct from the territory of the State administering it; and such separate and distinct status under the Charter shall exist until the people of the colony or Non-Self-Governing Territory have exercised their right of self-determination in accordance with the Charter, and particularly its purposes and principles.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;http://www.un-documents.net/a25r2625.htm&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Convention on Statelessness (1954)&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Considering that the Charter of the United Nations and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights approved on 10 December 1948 by the General Assembly of the United Nations have affirmed the principle that human beings shall enjoy fundamental rights and freedoms without discrimination.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Content:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;For the Purpose of this Convention, the term &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ldquo;stateless person&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rdquo; means a person who is not considered as a national by any State under the operation of its law.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Exemption from exceptional measures&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;With regard to exceptional measures which may be taken against the person, property or interests of nationals or former nationals of a foreign State, the Contracting States shall not apply such measures to a stateless person solely on account of his having previously possessed the nationality of the foreign State in question. Contracting States which, under their legislation, are prevented from applying the general principle expressed in this article shall, in appropriate cases, grant exemptions in favour of such stateless persons. [See video: Postliminium]&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Constitution Society: II. Postliminium therefore, according to its original signification, means the right, accruing to any one in consequence of his return home from captivity. http://www.constitution.org/gro/djbp_309.htm&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Freedom of movement&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Each Contracting State shall accord to stateless persons lawfully in its territory the right to choose their place of residence and to move freely within its territory, subject to any regulations applicable to aliens generally in the same circumstances.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Housing&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;As regards housing, the Contracting States, in so far as the matter is regulated by laws or regulations or is subject to the control of public authorities, shall accord to stateless persons lawfully staying in their [own] territory treatment as favourable as possible and, in any event, not less favourable than that accorded to aliens generally in the same circumstances. [note: Emphasis mine]&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Self-employment&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The Contracting States shall accord to a stateless person lawfully in their territory treatment as favourable as possible and, in any event, not less favourable than that accorded to aliens generally in the same circumstances, as regards the right to engage on his own account in agriculture, industry, handicrafts and commerce and to establish commercial and industrial companies.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;http://www.ohchr.org/EN/ProfessionalInterest/Pages/StatelessPersons.aspx&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (2007);&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Principle of Free, Prior and Informed Consent In International and Domestic Practices&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;[READ THEM ALL because they all apply. It will be referenced to in the following material.]&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The General Assembly,&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Guided by the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and good faith in the fulfilment of the obligations assumed by States in accordance with the Charter. Affirming that indigenous peoples are equal to all other peoples, while recognizing the right of all peoples to be different, to consider themselves different, and to be respected as such. Concerned that indigenous peoples have suffered from historic injustices as a result of, inter alia, their colonization and dispossession of their lands, territories and resources, thus preventing them from exercising, in particular, their right to development in accordance with their own needs and interests. Recognizing the urgent need to respect and promote the inherent rights of indigenous peoples which derive from their political, economic and social structures and from their cultures, spiritual traditions, histories and philosophies, especially their rights to their lands, territories and resources.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Content:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Collective rights of indigenous people, as well as their rights to culture, identity, language and other issues.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 1&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to the full enjoyment, as a collective or as individuals, of all human rights and fundamental freedoms as recognized in the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and international human rights law.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 2&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples and individuals are free and equal to all other peoples and individuals and have the right to be free from any kind of discrimination, in the exercise of their rights, in particular that based on their indigenous origin or identity.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 3&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to self-determination. By virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural development.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 4&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples, in exercising their right to self-determination, have the right to autonomy or self-government in matters relating to their internal and local affairs, as well as ways and means for financing their autonomous functions.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 5&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to maintain and strengthen their distinct political, legal, economic, social and cultural institutions, while retaining their right to participate fully, if they so choose, in the political, economic, social and cultural life of the State.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 6&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Every indigenous individual has the right to a nationality.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 7&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous individuals have the rights to life, physical and mental integrity, liberty and security of person.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Indigenous peoples have the collective right to live in freedom, peace and security as distinct peoples and shall not be subjected to any act of genocide or any other act of violence, including forcibly removing children of the group to another group.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 8&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples and individuals have the right not to be subjected to forced assimilation or destruction of their culture.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall provide effective mechanisms for prevention of, and redress for:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; (a) Any action which has the aim or effect of depriving them of their integrity as distinct peoples, or of their cultural values or ethnic identities;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;(b) Any action which has the aim or effect of dispossessing them of their lands, territories or resources;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;(c) Any form of forced population transfer which has the aim or effect of violating or undermining any of their rights;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;(d) Any form of forced assimilation or integration;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;(e) Any form of propaganda designed to promote or incite racial or ethnic discrimination directed against them.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 9&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples and individuals have the right to belong to an indigenous community or nation, in accordance with the traditions and customs of the community or nation concerned. No discrimination of any kind may arise from the exercise of such a right.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 10&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples shall not be forcibly removed from their lands or territories. No relocation shall take place without the free, prior and informed consent of the indigenous peoples concerned and after agreement on just and fair compensation and, where possible, with the option of return.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 11&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to practise and revitalize their cultural traditions and customs. This includes the right to maintain, protect and develop the past, present and future manifestations of their cultures, such as archaeological and historical sites, artefacts, designs, ceremonies, technologies and visual and performing arts and literature.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall provide redress through effective mechanisms, which may include restitution, developed in conjunction with indigenous peoples, with respect to their cultural, intellectual, religious and spiritual property taken without their free, prior and informed consent or in violation of their laws, traditions and customs.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 12&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to manifest, practise, develop and teach their spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies; the right to maintain, protect, and have access in privacy to their religious and cultural sites; the right to the use and control of their ceremonial objects; and the right to the repatriation of their human remains.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall seek to enable the access and/or repatriation of ceremonial objects and human remains in their possession through fair, transparent and effective mechanisms developed in conjunction with indigenous peoples concerned.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 13&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to revitalize, use, develop and transmit to future generations their histories, languages, oral traditions, philosophies, writing systems and literatures, and to designate and retain their own names for communities, places and persons.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall take effective measures to ensure that this right is protected and also to ensure that indigenous peoples can understand and be understood in political, legal and administrative proceedings, where necessary through the provision of interpretation or by other appropriate means.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 14&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to establish and control their educational systems and institutions providing education in their own languages, in a manner appropriate to their cultural methods of teaching and learning.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Indigenous individuals, particularly children, have the right to all levels and forms of education of the State without discrimination.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall, in conjunction with indigenous peoples, take effective measures, in order for indigenous individuals, particularly children, including those living outside their communities, to have access, when possible, to an education in their own culture and provided in their own language.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 15&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to the dignity and diversity of their cultures, traditions, histories and aspirations which shall be appropriately reflected in education and public information.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall take effective measures, in consultation and cooperation with the indigenous peoples concerned, to combat prejudice and eliminate discrimination and to promote tolerance, understanding and good relations among indigenous peoples and all other segments of society.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 16&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to establish their own media in their own languages and to have access to all forms of non-indigenous media without discrimination.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall take effective measures to ensure that State-owned media duly reflect indigenous cultural diversity. States, without prejudice to ensuring full freedom of expression, should encourage privately owned media to adequately reflect indigenous cultural diversity.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 17&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous individuals and peoples have the right to enjoy fully all rights established under applicable international and domestic labour law.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall in consultation and cooperation with indigenous peoples take specific measures to protect indigenous children from economic exploitation and from performing any work that is likely to be hazardous or to interfere with the child&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rsquo;s education, or to be harmful to the child&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rsquo;s health or physical, mental, spiritual, moral or social development, taking into account their special vulnerability and the importance of education for their empowerment.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Indigenous individuals have the right not to be subjected to any discriminatory conditions of labour and, inter alia, employment or salary.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 18&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to participate in decision-making in matters which would affect their rights, through representatives chosen by themselves in accordance with their own procedures, as well as to maintain and develop their own indigenous decision making institutions.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 19&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;States shall consult and cooperate in good faith with the indigenous peoples concerned through their own representative institutions in order to obtain their free, prior and informed consent before adopting and implementing legislative or administrative measures that may affect them.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 20&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to maintain and develop their political, economic and social systems or institutions, to be secure in the enjoyment of their own means of subsistence and development, and to engage freely in all their traditional and other economic activities.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Indigenous peoples deprived of their means of subsistence and development are entitled to just and fair redress.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 21&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right, without discrimination, to the improvement of their economic and social conditions, including, inter alia, in the areas of education, employment, vocational training and retraining, housing, sanitation, health and social security.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall take effective measures and, where appropriate, special measures to ensure continuing improvement of their economic and social conditions. Particular attention shall be paid to the rights and special needs of indigenous elders, women, youth, children and persons with disabilities.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 22&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Particular attention shall be paid to the rights and special needs of indigenous elders, women, youth, children and persons with disabilities in the implementation of this Declaration.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall take measures, in conjunction with indigenous peoples, to ensure that indigenous women and children enjoy the full protection and guarantees against all forms of violence and discrimination.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 23&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to determine and develop priorities and strategies for exercising their right to development. In particular, indigenous peoples have the right to be actively involved in developing and determining health, housing and other economic and social programmes affecting them and, as far as possible, to administer such programmes through their own institutions.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 24&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to their traditional medicines and to maintain their health practices, including the conservation of their vital medicinal plants, animals and minerals. Indigenous individuals also have the right to access, without any discrimination, to all social and health services.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Indigenous individuals have an equal right to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health. States shall take the necessary steps with a view to achieving progressively the full realization of this right.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 25&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to maintain and strengthen their distinctive spiritual relationship with their traditionally owned or otherwise occupied and used lands, territories, waters and coastal seas and other resources and to uphold their responsibilities to future generations in this regard.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 26&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to the lands, territories and resources which they have traditionally owned, occupied or otherwise used or acquired.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Indigenous peoples have the right to own, use, develop and control the lands, territories and resources that they possess by reason of traditional ownership or other traditional occupation or use, as well as those which they have otherwise acquired.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall give legal recognition and protection to these lands, territories and resources. Such recognition shall be conducted with due respect to the customs, traditions and land tenure systems of the indigenous peoples concerned.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 27&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;States shall establish and implement, in conjunction with indigenous peoples concerned, a fair, independent, impartial, open and transparent process, giving due recognition to indigenous peoples&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rsquo; laws, traditions, customs and land tenure systems, to recognize and adjudicate the rights of indigenous peoples pertaining to their lands, territories and resources, including those which were traditionally owned or otherwise occupied or used. Indigenous peoples shall have the right to participate in this process.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 28&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to redress, by means that can include restitution or, when this is not possible, just, fair and equitable compensation, for the lands, territories and resources which they have traditionally owned or otherwise occupied or used, and which have been confiscated, taken, occupied, used or damaged without their free, prior and informed consent.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Unless otherwise freely agreed upon by the peoples concerned, compensation shall take the form of lands, territories and resources equal in quality, size and legal status or of monetary compensation or other appropriate redress.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 29&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to the conservation and protection of the environment and the productive capacity of their lands or territories and resources. States shall establish and implement assistance programmes for indigenous peoples for such conservation and protection, without discrimination.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall take effective measures to ensure that no storage or disposal of hazardous materials shall take place in the lands or territories of indigenous peoples without their free, prior and informed consent.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall also take effective measures to ensure, as needed, that programmes for monitoring, maintaining and restoring the health of indigenous peoples, as developed and implemented by the peoples affected by such materials, are duly implemented.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 30&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Military activities shall not take place in the lands or territories of indigenous peoples, unless justified by a relevant public interest or otherwise freely agreed with or requested by the indigenous peoples concerned.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall undertake effective consultations with the indigenous peoples concerned, through appropriate procedures and in particular through their representative institutions, prior to using their lands or territories for military activities.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 31&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to maintain, control, protect and develop their cultural heritage, traditional knowledge and traditional cultural expressions, as well as the manifestations of their sciences, technologies and cultures, including human and genetic resources, seeds, medicines, knowledge of the properties of fauna and flora, oral traditions, literatures, designs, sports and traditional games and visual and performing arts. They also have the right to maintain, control, protect and develop their intellectual property over such cultural heritage, traditional knowledge, and traditional cultural expressions.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; In conjunction with indigenous peoples, States shall take effective measures to recognize and protect the exercise of these rights.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 32&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to determine and develop priorities and strategies for the development or use of their lands or territories and other resources.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall consult and cooperate in good faith with the indigenous peoples concerned through their own representative institutions in order to obtain their free and informed consent prior to the approval of any project affecting their lands or territories and other resources, particularly in connection with the development, utilization or exploitation of mineral, water or other resources.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States shall provide effective mechanisms for just and fair redress for any such activities, and appropriate measures shall be taken to mitigate adverse environmental, economic, social, cultural or spiritual impact.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 33&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to determine their own identity or membership in accordance with their customs and traditions. This does not impair the right of indigenous individuals to obtain citizenship of the States in which they live.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Indigenous peoples have the right to determine the structures and to select the membership of their institutions in accordance with their own procedures.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 34&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to promote, develop and maintain their institutional structures and their distinctive customs, spirituality, traditions, procedures, practices and, in the cases where they exist, juridical systems or customs, in accordance with international human rights standards.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 35&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to determine the responsibilities of individuals to their communities.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 36&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples, in particular those divided by international borders, have the right to maintain and develop contacts, relations and cooperation, including activities for spiritual, cultural, political, economic and social purposes, with their own members as well as other peoples across borders.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; States, in consultation and cooperation with indigenous peoples, shall take effective measures to facilitate the exercise and ensure the implementation of this right.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 37&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to the recognition, observance and enforcement of treaties, agreements and other constructive arrangements concluded with States or their successors and to have States honour and respect such treaties, agreements and other constructive arrangements.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as diminishing or eliminating the rights of indigenous peoples contained in treaties, agreements and other constructive arrangements.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 38&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;States, in consultation and cooperation with indigenous peoples, shall take the appropriate measures, including legislative measures, to achieve the ends of this Declaration.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 39&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to have access to financial and technical assistance from States and through international cooperation, for the enjoyment of the rights contained in this Declaration.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 40&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Indigenous peoples have the right to access to and prompt decision through just and fair procedures for the resolution of conflicts and disputes with States or other parties, as well as to effective remedies for all infringements of their individual and collective rights. Such a decision shall give due consideration to the customs, traditions, rules and legal systems of the indigenous peoples concerned and international human rights.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/unpfii/documents/DRIPS_en.pdf&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Free, Prior and Informed Consent:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;FPIC is a standard protected by international human rights law. It states that &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ldquo;all peoples have the right to self-determination&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rdquo; and &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ldquo;all peoples have the right to freely pursue their economic, social, and cultural development.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rdquo; In the words of the UN Special Rapporteur on the rights of Indigenous Peoples, James Anaya (excerpted from Indian Country Today), &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ldquo;We need to return to the origins of the discussion about [FPIC&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;hellip;having] to do with identifying Indigenous Peoples&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rsquo; rights of self-determination over lands and resources. With those rights come certain safeguards, and one of those safeguards is that those rights can&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rsquo;t be affected or impacted or diminished without consultation and Free, Prior and Informed Consent.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;When Is FPIC Required? The UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples requires that the Free, Prior and Informed Consent of Indigenous Peoples be obtained in matters of fundamental importance for their rights, survival, dignity, and well-being. As written in Article 19, &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rdquo;States shall consult and cooperate in good faith with the Indigenous Peoples concerned through their own representative institutions in order to obtain their free, prior and informed consent before adopting and implementing legislative or administrative measures that may affect them.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rdquo;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;FPIC is required in every case concerning Indigenous Peoples, their lands, or their resources, such as when new legislation is being considered. Tamang gives an example: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ldquo;In Nepal we are not limiting FPIC only to development projects. FPIC is not merely informing and getting consent: it is about the effective and meaningful participation of Indigenous Peoples, including Indigenous women. We are now drafting a new constitution and lobbying for the meaningful participation of Indigenous Peoples, and it is the responsibility of the government to ensure their participation in the decision-making process.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rdquo;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;In international development&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 10 states: Indigenous peoples shall not be forcibly removed from their lands or territories. No relocation shall take place without the free, prior and informed consent of the indigenous peoples concerned and after agreement on just and fair compensation and, where possible, with the option of return.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; https://www.culturalsurvival.org/publications/cultural-survival-quarterly/free-prior-and-informed-consent-protecting-indigenous&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (1948)&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 1&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The Contracting Parties confirm that genocide, whether committed in time of peace or in time of war, is a crime under international law which they undertake to prevent and to punish.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 2&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;In the present Convention, genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;(a) Killing members of the group;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; (b) Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; (c) Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; (d) Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; (e) Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 3&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The following acts shall be punishable:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;(a) Genocide;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; (b) Conspiracy to commit genocide;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; (c) Direct and public incitement to commit genocide;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; (d) Attempt to commit genocide;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; (e) Complicity in genocide.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Article 4&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Persons committing genocide or any of the other acts enumerated in Article 3 shall be punished, whether they are constitutionally responsible rulers, public officials or private individuals.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 5&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The Contracting Parties undertake to enact, in accordance with their respective Constitutions, the necessary legislation to give effect to the provisions of the present Convention and, in particular, to provide effective penalties for persons guilty of genocide or any of the other acts enumerated in Article 3.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Article 6&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Persons charged with genocide or any of the other acts enumerated in Article 3 shall be tried by a competent tribunal of the State in the territory of which the act was committed, or by such international penal tribunal as may have jurisdiction with respect to those Contracting Parties which shall have accepted its jurisdiction.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; http://www.oas.org/dil/1948_Convention_on_the_Prevention_and_Punishment_of_the_Crime_of_Genocide.pdf&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;The above U.N. Charter agreements are further examples of laws not honored by U.N. Charter Members.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;It clearly shows not only a lack concern for humanity, but institutionalizing a system of deprivation. Thus, it further illustrates why &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;the Law of MA&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;rsquo;AT was Resurrected.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Please review below the United Nations Charter Member States agreements. All member Nations and States  agree to uphold these agreements in order to use indigenous land.Included Agreements are:Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents (1973)Article 11. “Internationally protected person” means:a) A Head of State, including any member of a collegial body performing the functions of a Head of State under the constitution of the State concerned, a Head of Government or a Minister for Foreign Affairs, whenever any such person is in a foreign State, as well as members of his family who accompany him;b) Any representative or official of a State or any official or other agent of an international organization of an intergovernmental character who, at the time when and in the place where a crime against him, his official premises, his private accommodation or his means of transport is committed, is entitled pursuant to international law to special protection from any attack on his person, freedom or dignity, as well as members of his family forming part of his household.2. “Alleged offender” means a person as to whom there is sufficient evidence to determine prima facie that he has committed or participated in one or more of the crimes set forth in article 2.Article 21. The intentional commission of:a) A murder, kidnapping or other attack upon the person or liberty of an internationally protected person;b) A violent attack upon the official premises, the private accommodation or the means of transport of an internationally protected person likely to endanger his person or liberty;c) A threat to commit any such attack;d) An attempt to commit any such attack; ande) An act constituting participation as an accomplice in any such attack shall be made by each State Party a crime under its internal law.2. Each State Party shall make these crimes punishable by appropriate penalties which take into account their grave nature.3. Paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article in no way derogate from the obligations of States Parties under international law to take all appropriate measures to prevent other attacks on the person, freedom or dignity of an internationally protected person.Article 31. Each State Party shall take such measures as may be necessary to establish its jurisdiction over the crimes set forth in article 2 in the following cases:a) When the crime is committed in the territory of that State or on board a ship or aircraft registered in that State;b) When the alleged offender is a national of that State;c) When the crime is committed against an internationally protected person as defined in article 1 who enjoys his status as such by virtue of functions which he exercises on behalf of that State.2. Each State Party shall likewise take such measures as may be necessary to establish its jurisdiction over these crimes in cases where the alleged offender is present in its territory and it does not extradite him pursuant to article 8 to any of the States mentioned in paragraph 1 of this article.3. This Convention does not exclude any criminal jurisdiction exercised in accordance with internal law.Article 4States Parties shall cooperate in the prevention of the crimes set forth in article 2, particularly by:a) taking all practicable measures to prevent preparations in their respective territories for the commission of those crimes within or outside their territories;b) exchanging information and coordinating the taking of administrative and other measures as appropriate to prevent the commission of those crimes.Articles 5-20:http://legal.un.org/ilc/texts/instruments/english/conventions/9_4_1973.pdfDeclaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Co-operation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations (1970)[Indigenous People are separate and distinct; alien to this administration; and have a separate and distinct status from the administrators of the colonial occupiers of the land.]Content:The principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoplesBy virtue of the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations, all peoples have the right freely to determine, without external interference, their political status and to pursue their economic, social and cultural development, and every State has the duty to respect this right in accordance with the provisions of the Charter.Every State has the duty to promote, through joint and separate action, realization of the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter, and to render assistance to the United Nations in carrying out the responsibilities entrusted to it by the Charter regarding the implementation of the principle, in order:To promote friendly relations and co-operation among States; and
To bring a speedy end to colonialism, having due regard to the freely expressed will of the peoples concerned;
and bearing in mind that subjection of peoples to alien subjugation, domination and exploitation constitutes a violation of the principle, as well as a denial of fundamental human rights, and is contrary to the Charter.Every State has the duty to promote through joint and separate action universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms in accordance with the Charter.The establishment of a sovereign and independent State, the free association or integration with an independent State or the emergence into any other political status freely determined by a people constitute modes of implementing the right of self-determination by that people.Every State has the duty to refrain from any forcible action which deprives peoples referred to above in the elaboration of the present principle of their right to self-determination and freedom and independence. In their actions against, and resistance to, such forcible action in pursuit of the exercise of their right to self-determination, such peoples are entitled to seek and to receive support in accordance with the purposes and principles of the Charter.The territory of a colony or other Non-Self-Governing Territory has, under the Charter, a status separate and distinct from the territory of the State administering it; and such separate and distinct status under the Charter shall exist until the people of the colony or Non-Self-Governing Territory have exercised their right of self-determination in accordance with the Charter, and particularly its purposes and principles.http://www.un-documents.net/a25r2625.htmConvention on Statelessness (1954)Considering that the Charter of the United Nations and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights approved on 10 December 1948 by the General Assembly of the United Nations have affirmed the principle that human beings shall enjoy fundamental rights and freedoms without discrimination.Content:For the Purpose of this Convention, the term “stateless person” means a person who is not considered as a national by any State under the operation of its law.Exemption from exceptional measuresWith regard to exceptional measures which may be taken against the person, property or interests of nationals or former nationals of a foreign State, the Contracting States shall not apply such measures to a stateless person solely on account of his having previously possessed the nationality of the foreign State in question. Contracting States which, under their legislation, are prevented from applying the general principle expressed in this article shall, in appropriate cases, grant exemptions in favour of such stateless persons. [See video: Postliminium]Constitution Society: II. Postliminium therefore, according to its original signification, means the right, accruing to any one in consequence of his return home from captivity.http://www.constitution.org/gro/djbp_309.htmFreedom of movementEach Contracting State shall accord to stateless persons lawfully in its territory the right to choose their place of residence and to move freely within its territory, subject to any regulations applicable to aliens generally in the same circumstances.HousingAs regards housing, the Contracting States, in so far as the matter is regulated by laws or regulations or is subject to the control of public authorities, shall accord to stateless persons lawfully staying in their [own] territory treatment as favourable as possible and, in any event, not less favourable than that accorded to aliens generally in the same circumstances. [note: Emphasis mine]Self-employmentThe Contracting States shall accord to a stateless person lawfully in their territory treatment as favourable as possible and, in any event, not less favourable than that accorded to aliens generally in the same circumstances, as regards the right to engage on his own account in agriculture, industry, handicrafts and commerce and to establish commercial and industrial companies.http://www.ohchr.org/EN/ProfessionalInterest/Pages/StatelessPersons.aspxDeclaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (2007);
Principle of Free, Prior and Informed Consent In International and Domestic Practices[READ THEM ALL because they all apply. It will be referenced to in the following material.]The General Assembly,Guided by the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and good faith in the fulfilment of the obligations assumed by States in accordance with the Charter. Affirming that indigenous peoples are equal to all other peoples, while recognizing the right of all peoples to be different, to consider themselves different, and to be respected as such. Concerned that indigenous peoples have suffered from historic injustices as a result of, inter alia, their colonization and dispossession of their lands, territories and resources, thus preventing them from exercising, in particular, their right to development in accordance with their own needs and interests. Recognizing the urgent need to respect and promote the inherent rights of indigenous peoples which derive from their political, economic and social structures and from their cultures, spiritual traditions, histories and philosophies, especially their rights to their lands, territories and resources.Content:Collective rights of indigenous people, as well as their rights to culture, identity, language and other issues.Article 1Indigenous peoples have the right to the full enjoyment, as a collective or as individuals, of all human rights and fundamental freedoms as recognized in the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and international human rights law.Article 2Indigenous peoples and individuals are free and equal to all other peoples and individuals and have the right to be free from any kind of discrimination, in the exercise of their rights, in particular that based on their indigenous origin or identity.Article 3Indigenous peoples have the right to self-determination. By virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural development.Article 4Indigenous peoples, in exercising their right to self-determination, have the right to autonomy or self-government in matters relating to their internal and local affairs, as well as ways and means for financing their autonomous functions.Article 5Indigenous peoples have the right to maintain and strengthen their distinct political, legal, economic, social and cultural institutions, while retaining their right to participate fully, if they so choose, in the political, economic, social and cultural life of the State.Article 6Every indigenous individual has the right to a nationality.Article 7Article 8(a) Any action which has the aim or effect of depriving them of their integrity as distinct peoples, or of their cultural values or ethnic identities;(b) Any action which has the aim or effect of dispossessing them of their lands, territories or resources;(c) Any form of forced population transfer which has the aim or effect of violating or undermining any of their rights;(d) Any form of forced assimilation or integration;(e) Any form of propaganda designed to promote or incite racial or ethnic discrimination directed against them.Article 9Indigenous peoples and individuals have the right to belong to an indigenous community or nation, in accordance with the traditions and customs of the community or nation concerned. No discrimination of any kind may arise from the exercise of such a right.Article 10Indigenous peoples shall not be forcibly removed from their lands or territories. No relocation shall take place without the free, prior and informed consent of the indigenous peoples concerned and after agreement on just and fair compensation and, where possible, with the option of return.Article 11Article 12Article 13Article 14Article 15Article 16Article 17Article 18Indigenous peoples have the right to participate in decision-making in matters which would affect their rights, through representatives chosen by themselves in accordance with their own procedures, as well as to maintain and develop their own indigenous decision making institutions.Article 19States shall consult and cooperate in good faith with the indigenous peoples concerned through their own representative institutions in order to obtain their free, prior and informed consent before adopting and implementing legislative or administrative measures that may affect them.Article 20Article 21Article 22Article 23Indigenous peoples have the right to determine and develop priorities and strategies for exercising their right to development. In particular, indigenous peoples have the right to be actively involved in developing and determining health, housing and other economic and social programmes affecting them and, as far as possible, to administer such programmes through their own institutions.Article 24Article 25Indigenous peoples have the right to maintain and strengthen their distinctive spiritual relationship with their traditionally owned or otherwise occupied and used lands, territories, waters and coastal seas and other resources and to uphold their responsibilities to future generations in this regard.Article 26Article 27States shall establish and implement, in conjunction with indigenous peoples concerned, a fair, independent, impartial, open and transparent process, giving due recognition to indigenous peoples’ laws, traditions, customs and land tenure systems, to recognize and adjudicate the rights of indigenous peoples pertaining to their lands, territories and resources, including those which were traditionally owned or otherwise occupied or used. Indigenous peoples shall have the right to participate in this process.Article 28Article 29Article 30Article 31Article 32Article 33Article 34Indigenous peoples have the right to promote, develop and maintain their institutional structures and their distinctive customs, spirituality, traditions, procedures, practices and, in the cases where they exist, juridical systems or customs, in accordance with international human rights standards.Article 35Indigenous peoples have the right to determine the responsibilities of individuals to their communities.Article 36Article 37Article 38States, in consultation and cooperation with indigenous peoples, shall take the appropriate measures, including legislative measures, to achieve the ends of this Declaration.Article 39Indigenous peoples have the right to have access to financial and technical assistance from States and through international cooperation, for the enjoyment of the rights contained in this Declaration.Article 40Indigenous peoples have the right to access to and prompt decision through just and fair procedures for the resolution of conflicts and disputes with States or other parties, as well as to effective remedies for all infringements of their individual and collective rights. Such a decision shall give due consideration to the customs, traditions, rules and legal systems of the indigenous peoples concerned and international human rights.http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/unpfii/documents/DRIPS_en.pdfFree, Prior and Informed Consent:FPIC is a standard protected by international human rights law. It states that “all peoples have the right to self-determination” and “all peoples have the right to freely pursue their economic, social, and cultural development.” In the words of the UN Special Rapporteur on the rights of Indigenous Peoples, James Anaya (excerpted from Indian Country Today), “We need to return to the origins of the discussion about [FPIC…having] to do with identifying Indigenous Peoples’ rights of self-determination over lands and resources. With those rights come certain safeguards, and one of those safeguards is that those rights can’t be affected or impacted or diminished without consultation and Free, Prior and Informed Consent.When Is FPIC Required? The UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples requires that the Free, Prior and Informed Consent of Indigenous Peoples be obtained in matters of fundamental importance for their rights, survival, dignity, and well-being. As written in Article 19, ”States shall consult and cooperate in good faith with the Indigenous Peoples concerned through their own representative institutions in order to obtain their free, prior and informed consent before adopting and implementing legislative or administrative measures that may affect them.”FPIC is required in every case concerning Indigenous Peoples, their lands, or their resources, such as when new legislation is being considered. Tamang gives an example: “In Nepal we are not limiting FPIC only to development projects. FPIC is not merely informing and getting consent: it is about the effective and meaningful participation of Indigenous Peoples, including Indigenous women. We are now drafting a new constitution and lobbying for the meaningful participation of Indigenous Peoples, and it is the responsibility of the government to ensure their participation in the decision-making process.”In international developmentArticle 10 states: Indigenous peoples shall not be forcibly removed from their lands or territories. No relocation shall take place without the free, prior andinformed consent of the indigenous peoples concerned and after agreement on just and fair compensation and, where possible, with the option of return.
https://www.culturalsurvival.org/publications/cultural-survival-quarterly/free-prior-and-informed-consent-protecting-indigenousConvention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (1948)Article 1The Contracting Parties confirm that genocide, whether committed in time of peace or in time of war, is a crime under international law which they undertake to prevent and to punish.Article 2In the present Convention, genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such:Article 3The following acts shall be punishable:Article 4Persons committing genocide or any of the other acts enumerated in Article 3 shall be punished, whether they are constitutionally responsible rulers, public officials or private individuals.Article 5The Contracting Parties undertake to enact, in accordance with their respective Constitutions, the necessary legislation to give effect to the provisions of the present Convention and, in particular, to provide effective penalties for persons guilty of genocide or any of the other acts enumerated in Article 3.Article 6Persons charged with genocide or any of the other acts enumerated in Article 3 shall be tried by a competent tribunal of the State in the territory of which the act was committed, or by such international penal tribunal as may have jurisdiction with respect to those Contracting Parties which shall have accepted its jurisdiction.
http://www.oas.org/dil/1948_Convention_on_the_Prevention_and_Punishment_of_the_Crime_of_Genocide.pdfThe above U.N. Charter agreements are further examples of laws not honored by U.N. Charter Members. It clearly shows not only a lack concern for humanity, but institutionalizing a system of deprivation. Thus, it further illustrates why  the Law of MA’AT was Resurrected.http://DoMoreGoodDeeds.Wordpress.com








This is complex system of future control that takes place in increments through the years. It is a direct attack on our sovereignty and independence as a nation. It represents total control over the people through a new form of taxation and sets up a global spying network. It is insidious and needs to be exposed and stopped. George Eatonhttps://youtu.be/QPUGdkXKuhgChina’s Global takeover through computers the electric grid, infrastructure and  corporations is starting to take shape. It is not only the merging of corporations and the government, it is also a spying network and an enforcement arm that cannot be sued. The enforcement arm to protect corpoartions is called “Infragard”. Each business is given a number to call if they are having problems with break-ins, etc and this separate mercenary group comes to the company to enforce protection of the company. This is the final merging of corporations and government much like it is set up in communist China.They get their foot in the door at first with giving contracts to build roads and bridges and then have the right to have a toll to pay back our national debt. Then they get their fingers into the electric grid, water, and other utilities that not only gives them an income stream but also spies on the people. (The government may also allow Chinese companies to come in and drill for oil, instead of allowing US companies to have that right. They may also allow the Chinese to start mining for precious metals that have been locked away from US mining companies.) Then they sign companies and corporations up for “protection” that is above law enforcement. This by-passes the FBI and local law enforcement to protect the assets and control of corporations. The business owners and corporation officers are already meeting in secret to discuss how this new system is run across the nation. This is revealed in the video. This is how the globalist plan to set up a worldwide network of control that is Orwellian in nature and sets up a system of taking natural resources and future labor through a variety of tolls and utility charges.George Eaton








A study that used a new digital library and machine reading system to suck the factual marrow from millions of geologic publications dating back decades has unraveled a longstanding mystery of ancient life: Why did easy-to-see and once-common structures called stromatolites essentially cease forming over the long arc of earth history?Stromatolites are contorted layers of sediment formed by microbes, and they are often found in limestone and other ancient sedimentary rocks deposited beneath oceans.Julia Wilcots, a Madison native who was then at Princeton University, at a rock quarry in Shorewood Hills, Wisconsin. The layers at her head and chest level are both composed of different types of stromatolites. .Credit: Shanan Peters “Geologists have known for a long time that stromatolites were abundant in shallow marine environments during the Precambrian, before the emergence of multi-cellular life” more than 560 million years ago, says Jon Husson, a post-doctoral researcher and co-author of a study now online in the journal Geology. “But, stromatolites are rare in the ocean today.”The new study measures the slide in stromatolite prevalence based on descriptions of rocks sifted from more than 3 million scientific publications.“Paleontologists have largely attributed the decline in stromatolites to the evolution of animals, starting some 560 million years ago,” says Shanan Peters, a professor of geoscience at University of Wisconsin–Madison and study first author. “Many multi-cellular animals, like snails, eat microbes. The evolution of these big microbe-grazing animals hit ‘reset’ on the stromatolite’s world. Or so the story has gone.”Credit: David Tenebaum “The best predictor of stromatolite prevalence, both before and after the evolution of animals, is the abundance of dolomite in shallow marine sediments,” says Husson. Dolomite is a high-magnesium variety of carbonate, the type of sediment that forms limestone. Dolomite is harder to make than low-magnesium carbonate and it forms today in only a narrow range of marine environments.When the ocean water is super-saturated with carbonate, “that can make it easier for things like stromatolites to form,” says Husson. “In Lake Tanganyika [Africa], there are stromatolites forming today, even though there are animals everywhere, snails and fish. The lake is super-saturated with carbonate, and it’s begging to be precipitated. The microbes come along and help it to precipitate, and the result is an abundance of stromatolites.” Elevated carbonate saturation can also help the formation of dolomite, thereby driving the correlation with stromatolites found in this study.Credit: David TenebaumMeasuring the prevalence of stromatolites through all Earth history is difficult because counting the number of stromatolites alone is not sufficient. You must also know how many rocks could potentially have stromatolites, but do not.The big innovation of this study is the interplay of a new type of digital library and machine reading system called GeoDeepDive with a geological database called Macrostrat. Both were spearheaded by Peters at UW–Madison.
GeoDeepDive is a digital library built on high throughput computing technology that can “read” millions of papers and siphon off specific information. To date, the GeoDeepDive library contains more than 3 million scientific publications from all scientific disciplines; some 10,000 new published papers are added daily.The massive computing capacity at UW–Madison’s Center for High Throughput Computing and HTCondor system, the brainchild of UW–Madison computer scientist Miron Livny, powers GeoDeepDive. Combining the digital library with the geological database allowed the researchers to estimate, at different time periods, the percentage of shallow marine rocks that actually have stromatolites.The study began in the summer of 2015, when the third author, Julia Wilcots, a Madison-native who was then an undergraduate at Princeton, asked Peters for a summer project. “In my typical fashion I gave Julia a few options,” Peters says. “She picked stromatolites, so I said, ‘Okay, go do it!’ With minimal help from us, she developed a working application to discover and extract every mention of stromatolites from our library.”Among 10,200 papers that mentioned stromatolites, “our program was able to extract 1,013 with a name of a rock unit, which enabled us to link stromatolite occurrences to Macrostrat,” says Husson.Wilcots did not have to travel to see stromatolites, Peters says. “In Madison, we are sitting on top of rocks recording one of the biggest rises in stromatolite abundance – at least during the age of animals.”Scientists long ago observed that stromatolites started a long decline just before the start of the Cambrian era, but that decline represented a “fundamental question of paleobiology,” Husson says. “Stromatolites are the oldest fossils that are visible to the naked eye. If you look at rock that is a billion years old, the chance for seeing evidence of life equals the chance of seeing stromatolites.”Beyond answering a fundamental question of Earth’s history, the new study “allows us to do the kind of analyses that scientists used to only dream about, Peters says: ‘If we could just compile all the published information on… anything!’“Doing this study without GeoDeepDive would be all but impossible,” Peters adds. “Reading thousands of papers to pick out references to stromatolites, and then linking them to a certain rock unit and geologic period, would take an entire career, even with Google Scholar. Here we got started with a talented undergrad working on a summer project. GeoDeepDive has greatly lowered the barrier to compiling literature data in order to answer many questions.”Another beauty of the big data, machine-reading approach is the baked-in capability for replication and improvement. “Now that this study has been done, we can run the stromatolite application again and again. We can refine the searches, and they will evaluate the new data that is being published all the time,” Peters says. “So a rerun could make a better study, with minimal effort.”For centuries, “geologists have transferred hard-to-get information from the field to hard-to-get information in the literature,” Peters says. “To achieve a broad-scale synthesis, you have to survey all of the published knowledge. There are new discoveries waiting in the scientific literature, if you can see the big picture and get all the data into one place.”








YOUR TAX DOLLAR BEING DROPPED OUT OF PLANESAs we near the day when we must all file for our income taxes realize that your tax dollars are literally being dropped out of planes as you read this – and it is being dropped over 8,000 miles awayYesterday story broke about the US Dropping 500 Bombs per day week on the city of Mosul, Iraq. At this rate – and we have kept this up for over 15 years now – that is around:500 X 52 = 26,000 bombs per year26,000 Bombs X 16 years = 390,000 Bombs.So what exactly does it cost for one bomb???Well – the Basic Costs include:Bomb MK2 – $2,000 + delivery costs plus explosives = $20,000Cost to operate a carrier group to launch the planes: $8 Billion a year  - or $22 Million per day. That’s about right – not to mention the building costs of a fully stocked carrier group at around $35 Billion Dollars.So given 9 working Carrier Groups we need a new one about every 3-5 years.Cost to fly an F-15 carrying 4 bombs – $41,000 per hour – or around $29 Million Per Year to fly and maintain one F-15 fighter – not to mention the NEW cost of an F-15 fighter with all the upgrades at around $100 Million a piece.Cost for an J-Dam conversion kit to put fins on the bomb – $20,000New High Tech Bomb AGM-130 Optical Guided Bomb with special rack – about $1 Million Dollars a piece – including the BRU-55 Special Rack at $81,000 a pop plus $130 Million Dollar Development Cots – what you saw dropped in the video.Overall YOU pay about $1 Million Dollars for each bomb dropped over seas.Lets see – at 500 Bombs per day – $500 Million Dollars per week in bombs just being dropped in Mosul alone – not including Aleppo, Syria, Lebanon, etc.About 26,171 bombs being dropped per year – that we know about – that’s around $26.171,000,000 of your tax dollars being dropped out of planes every year.We are not even including the destruction of OLD bombs – which sit in Bunkers until their expiration date and are then dismantled or blow. ThisSince 2001 – that runs around $418 Billion just for bombs.So what is our return???Yesterday 6 ISIS leaders were killed after the US dropped 600 Bombs.For $600 Billion the US killed 6 ISIS fighters.SIXYou have to feed that Military Industrial Complex.Perhaps we should reconsider this insane war in the Middle East – that has cost America, by some estimates, over $10 Trillion Dollars since the initial invasion of Iraq in 1991 by then President George Bush.As for the $600 Billion Dollars a Year military Budget – what a joke.Based on why I have seen In budgeting in the military – try $2 Trillion Dollars a year.Add another $6.7 Trillion Dollars to our Secret Space Program.Of course – this kind of Funny Money is paid by increasing the costs of goods at around 6-10 Percent per year. Over the last 6 years the average grocery store bill has risen about 19% per year.Is it any wonder a 5 cent pop in 1967 now costing around $1.50 – 30 times higher than 50 years ago.In 1977 – I earned $10 an hour and the Business paid all Social Security and taxes – so I brought home $10 an hour.Coffee was 25 cents a cup, free refills.A Thrifty Drugs Ice Cream Cone was 15 centsA gallon of gas was $1 DollarRent was $150 a month – so worked 15 hours and could pay rent.Can you buy 40 cups of coffee for every hour you work today, or 10 gallons of gas???Your money is literally being dropped for planesDoesn’t that just blow your mind.=========================—-SAVINGS TIP OF THE DAY—-Kind of hard to imagine saving money after you just saw the numbers above.However – if you are old or disabled – go to Your Local County Assessor and see if you qualify for reduced property tax rates.Then go to your city and see if they will insulate your house or install a  heat pump for free.===========================Please pray that these wars stop now and that those demanding these wars are immediately immobilized for life – flattened.=========================The  News You NeedDr William B. MountUS Dropping 500 Bombs Per Week on MosulMosul Iraq, the latest Mosul news$600 MILLION DOLLARS IN BOMBS KILLED – 2 IS IS LEADER IN MOSUL????AIRSTRIKES IN KIRKUK KILLED 6 MORE???SOMETHING IS NOT RIGHT?????Six IS leaders killed in airstrikes southwest of Kirkuk – Iraqi NewsAirstrikes kill 3 IS leaders in Mosul, 2 suicide attackers shot dead – Iraqi NewsOperating costs per hour for USAF planes | Outrun ChangeHow much does it cost to build and to maintain one aircraft carrier? – QuoraDropping bombs on ISIS in Mosul – YouTubemosul before and after us bnombing – Google SearchWhy Did the US Drop 26,171 Bombs on the World Last Year? | The NationWHAT WAS A HOSPITAL IN MOSUL IRAQ – BUT YOUR TAX DOLLARS DROPPED OUT OF PLANES DESTROYED IT.FUNNY – GOOGLE EARTH SHOWS THIS BUILDING UNTOUCHED. THINK WE ARE BEING LIED TO????US Dropping 500 Bombs Per Week on MosulAGM-130 – WikipediaCOST TO PRODUCE, ARM AND DELIVER – ALONG WITH THE SPECIAL RACK INSTALLED ONTO JETS – - $750,000.Mark 82 bomb – WikipediaCOST TO BUY, ARM AND DELIVER INCLUDING LAUNCHING PINS, FINS,  AND GUIDANCE SYSTEM: $200,000.THE MORE ECONOMICAL BOMB:A TAIL FIN ATTACHED TO THE MK82 BOMBTHERE GOES $45,000,000 OF YOUR DOLLARS……US sent plane with $400 million in cash to Iran – CNNPolitics.comOH – AND DO NOT FORGET ABOUT THE FREE MONEY THE US JUST GAVE TO IRANANY NATION CRAZY ENOUGH TO ATTACK THE US WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP IN OFFICE WILL SIGN THEIR OWN DEATH WARRANT – THIS MAY INCLUDE POLITICALLY AS WELL.AS FOR THE ELITES ATTACKING PRESIDENT TRUMP – GOOD BYE=========================PS – DINAR TO REVALUE TONIGHT – APRIL FOOLS.








April Fools The Iraqi Dinar is almost worthless and will reamin so for the forseeeable furutre.  It’s all an MK Ultra Psyops meant to destroy the churches.  Dr WIlliam B. Mount








A report dated 1 April 2017 stated Russia has developed a hypersonic missile called the Zircon, capable of reaching 4,600 miles per hour. That is so close to six times the speed of sound. The range for the Zircon is 250 miles.https://youtu.be/JeGbKcJr_7s








This nation has faced many a crisis, but not since the outbreak of the Spanish-American War, ginned up by the Hearst media empire, have we had crisis of the current magnitude powered by fake news.Within living memory, in 1968, the Democratic Party had its convention in Chicago, Hubert Humphrey was their nominee, and there were riots in the streets.  Groups “demonstrated” against the Vietnam war, against the war’s escalation, and against the party itself for the ways of choosing its nominee.The parallels in the American psyche back then and now are strikingly similar.  There was and is a widespread divide in America about how to overcome our differences.  There was and is ongoing violence, ongoing protests, and a potential loss of confidence in our institutions.There is one huge difference between what is happening now, and what happened back then.  In 1968, there was a culmination of real events that actually affected America.  In 2017, there are no real events causing this, just narratives made up from nothing by a leftist media that is more divorced from reality than anyone thought possible. —The Russians colluded with Trump. —Trump is Hitler.  Stupid.  And evil. —Obama was wonderful, transparent, brilliant, perfect, and fully competent.—Trump’s tax returns will show he is unfit. —He is a racist that wants to ban all Muslims. —Kellyanne Conway is a ditzy uninformed waste of a woman. —Hillary Clinton is a pure and honest heroine fighting for good.  Virtually 24/7, these and other very unreal narratives are being played to the American public by our pathetic left wing media.In 1968, the news had a reality component.  Yes, there was liberal bias in the news, but at least the events happened.  And now?   There is little more than collusion between the Democrats and the mainstream media to make up narratives to advance their leftist agenda.  They have been pretending that Russia hacked (stole) the election, in collusion with Trump.  They feign outrage.  The real events that happened they think should outrage us all?  Hillary lost.  Trump won.  Saint Barack has a legacy that hardly exists.  At least for anything good.  The Democrats are currently powerless.  Those items should be the real news, but it’s not and hasn’t been.Should we expect different from the partisans in the Democratic Party?  Oops, I meant to ask what should we expect of the “unbiased” media?  Well, we should have expected a lot more than what they have been offering.   Such as reporting on real events. Consider the primary fake narrative that has dominated news coverage since December:  The Russians.  They did it.  Hacked the election.  Colluding with Trump.  And all the Presidents’ men (and women).   Newscasters and editors breathlessly report this stuff every day, all day long.  And have for almost four months.  With zero evidence.  Zero!  No newsworthy event such as the Tet offensive, or an assassination happened.  No facts.  It’s worse than much ado about nothing.  Yet there they go, reporting as if something happened that should outrage us all.  Again. Damn those Russians….The effect this is having on the left is a marvel.  I have yet to witness a group more delusional.  I have taken part in enough casual liberal conversations to observe just how close they are to losing their minds.  They do this after watching news anchors and other liberal heavyweights hysterically ranting about such things as treason, treachery, selling out our country, and calling the Trump administration puppets of Putin.   Likewise, the many interviews of Democrat officials, highly prominent people trying to sell this same narrative of Trump colluding with Russia.  They too, do so in the most hysterical manner, trying to engender outrage in those who are listening.  I have seen only one correct response to all of these interviews, and that was done by Tucker Carlson.  He laughed.  Nicely and derisively at the same time.  Which has been better than my response lately.  A lot better.I find myself alternately yelling and snarling at the TV now when I see this kind of interview.  I don’t normally do that.  Ever.  But this bizarre narrative, with no evidence, that has gone on for so long, has finally become too absurd to do anything else.  These smarmy Democrats should simply be ashamed of themselves.  They have to know their taking points are nothing but political propaganda of the worst kind.  Likewise, the “journalists” who are using these points on the major news channels — their shame should have no end.  People like Jake Tapper, Scott Pelley, Brian Williams, Rachel Maddow, Anderson Cooper — the vast majority of them have fallen into a pit, and curiously have no interest in regaining any form of respectability.  Narratives uber alles (for their cause).Frankly, their narrative totally falls short.  Why in the world would Putin want to change the perfect pliability of the Obama/Clinton pushover axis?  Obama was recorded on a hot mic telling “Vladimir” he would have more flexibility after the 2012 election (and boy did he).   Obama/Clinton let them take Crimea and Georgia without a peep.  Obama/Clinton apparently (allegedly) signed over 20% of America’s uranium for some huge donations (said to be over 100 million dollars) to the Clinton Foundation plus mega dollars for Clinton speeches that were of no value.  The botched Russian reset button, the drawdown of our military, the total feckless weakened foreign policy of Obama/Clinton, and more; the list of reasons for Vladimir to love Clinton are legion.Occam’s razor:  Given all those facts, why in the world would Putin want to change from the easy marks he had to a bulldog, a fighter, a man of accomplishment who ran on toughness, a man who wanted to reassert America’s greatness, a man who promised to build the strongest military in the world, a man who wanted to vie, compete and beat Russia as a player in the energy markets? Why indeed?  Putin had everything he wanted in a feckless woman who could have won.  The idea that he wanted Trump is fatuous and just plain laughable.  At best.What’s not laughable are the stooges of the Democrat/media complex.  Yes, they are making fools of themselves.  Daily.  But they are also ginning up a dangerous hysteria.  It may not be the fear that arose across our country in 1968.  Most of us on the right are laughing at their attempts (or yelling at the TV!).  But when I witness the damage being inflicted on the leftist voters, when I see their crazy Facebook posts and their rants on other social media, I know there is a consequence.  And it’s not good.  Enabling rage over nothingness can never be good.  The left is on the brink.  God help bring sanity to enough of them before something terrible happens.Our elected officials on the right have not dealt with this nonsense well.  I get it, Stockholm Syndrome is hard to overcome, but for goodness sake, stop taking this narrative seriously because it’s not.   It’s a modern version of The Emperor Has No Clothes, and nothing more.  Stop pretending it’s a charge with any credibility just because they repeat it over and over again.  Bringing our country back will be a long battle, one of ideas, of the law, of civilization, none of which are present on the left.  Giving these leftists anything but laughter and derision on this “Russian” narrative is the equivalent of allowing a “kick me” sign on your back in high school.GOP:  It’s time to take the sign off, and start being strong with the truth.   http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2017/04/the_fake_news_crisis.htmlMore great articles here: http://www.americanthinker.com








Sick! Just SICK! [READ MORE]Setting a great example right up to the end. [READ MORE]During an interview with Variety Magazine that won’t hit the newsstands until the day after Donald Trump’s inauguration, Barack Obama was asked what stands out most about Donald Trump. After a long pause and a [READ MORE]Another Wikileaks dump proves Clinton is guilty of treason. [READ MORE]Only this jagoff would be such a douche. [READ MORE]Amy Schumer is still upset that her pal Hillary lost and took it out on the wrong person. [READ MORE]This might spell trouble for a lesser man. [READ MORE]For all those liberals who think the Secret Service budget will explode, don’t worry: Trump’s got this [READ MORE]Poor Alec…always the victim of his own silliness. [READ MORE]When Michelle found out what Melania had planned for one of her prized White House possessions she flipped out. [READ MORE]








Libtards will swear that our President is working with Vladimir Putin. Some even say he’s been so compromised that he’s working FOR Vladimir Putin. Does this sound like someone who is being manipulated by anyone? According to Reuters:“Russian officials today confirmed that they have recevied a disturbing communique from the President of the United States, Donald Trump, that gives Vladimir Putin 48 hours to walk away from Aleppo, Syria so the US military can fix the situation or be bombed ‘into oblivion.’Putin, who has never faced outright aggression from another foreign power, let alone the most powerful in the world, is said to have turned pale and gone speechless for a solid 4 minutes while contemplating his demise. He then asked his generals for options and was told he has ‘few.’Trump refused to take Putin’s call, telling his chief of staff that he’s said all he needs to. According to WHOIP Director Jeff Derpinger, ‘President Trump is ready to lay waste to the whole city to see this issue come to an end once and for all.’ When reporters reminded him of the issues with innocent civilians, they were reminded of World War II and that sometimes freedom comes at a ‘terrible cost.'”Sounds like Putin might find himself responsible for the next Hiroshima.








Liberals have been going nuts ever since their hero, the criminal Hillary Clinton, lost the election. They just can’t believe that Donald trump, a man who stole the hearts of a huge majority of Americans, won in such a landslide. Even though the people have spoken, liberals think they should get their way. Their heroes, a bunch of tree-hugging Hollywood celebrities, have been leading that charge whenever possible.This morning, new details came out that are shocking even to conservatives. The Secret Service has arrested three liberal celebrities in an apparent conspiracy to assassinate the president. You heard that right. They aren’t protesting and they didn’t just make threats, they were actually conspiring to kill President Trump.Special Agent Lucas Kimball, head of the Secret Service task force on credible threats against the president, told Breitbart:“This was a real plan to not only murder a sitting president but to take half a building and most likely a lot of other innocent lives with him. We were surprised that these three people were capable of such evil thoughts. They insist that they will be remembered by history as the people who tried to ‘stop the next Hitler.'”Liberalism is, in fact, a mental disorder. The three liberals were arrested as enemy combatants and brought to a military base due to the threat of mass destruction by means that are being called domestic terrorism. The Secret Service turned them over to CIA interrogators and weren’t going to release their names, but after just a few minutes of enhanced interrogation, all three cracked and gave up anyone involved.The three to be charged with terrorist threats, conspiracy to commit murder and treason are Actors Seth Rogan and James Franco and singer/songwriter Miley Cyrus. All three will be arraigned in federal court Monday morning. They implicated more than a dozen others who will face conspiracy charges but those names aren’t being released until they’ve been picked up and interrogated themselves to see just how far this thing goes.Jeff Derpinger, from the White House Office of Information and Propaganda, says the president is safely sheltered in place for now until the threat has been neutralized.








See the report below:Enjoy your day!








Just days after being summoned to appear before Trey Gowdy’s congressional committee to testify about Hillary Clinton’s email server, one of her aides was found dead at home of “natural causes.”Johnston Wilson McGill, 34, was pronounced dead on his couch by a private doctor after suffering an apparent heart attack. A spokesman for Clinton’s former campaign said that Huma Abedin, Clinton’s deputy campaign coordinator, found McGill when she stopped by for coffee to discuss Clinton’s plans for a run for Mayor of New York.Abedin told police in a statement that McGill suffered from an abnormal heart arhythmia and that his doctor had always said a sudden and massive cardiac event was a possibility. She also told her publicist to make sure that the whole world knew that he was planning to cooperate with the congressional panel.Trey  Gowdy’s office had no official statement but his top aide, Mandy Gonsales, said that the committee isn’t happy with the circumstances of McGill’s death or the fact that his own doctor was summoned to pronounce. Abedin says she called the private doctor because she hoped he could save her friend.There will be no autopsy on the body, which will be cremated before sunset in accordance with his religion. McGill is the single son of deceased parents and has no family. No services are planned.Does this whole thing seem a little bit odd to anyone else? It feels oddly like we’ve seen things like this happen before to people who could possibly incriminate Hillary Clinton. Unfortunately, as the doctor who pronounced has an impeccable record and is an authorized coroner in new York, the findings will be accepted and entered into public record.Looks like she got away with another one.








Congressman Trey Gowdy (R- South Carolina) has had enough of the crap that has been tearing our country apart. Since President Trump’s inauguration, there has been a scourge on our nation. Barack Obama and his “Deep State” have done everything in their power to subvert the will of the American people and their elected President.If anyone can make it stop, it’s Trey Gowdy. This morning Gowdy presented a federal judge with a witness list and set of affidavits asking for warrants to monitor and search the electronic communications of Barack Obama and Joe Biden along with several other key members of Obama’s secret regime.Gowdy will be putting together a new panel to investigate that will only include one Democrat since all of the others are listed as potential witnesses or defendants. Also included on the lost of possible defendants for treason are Speaker Paul Ryan and no less than 6 Republican senators and representatives.While Democrats and the traitor James Comey are busy on the wild Russian goose chase, Trey Gowdy will be busy putting our country back together again.








Michelle Obama tried to register to run for President in 2020 with the Secretary of State’s office this morning, the first step on a long to-do list to get a person on the ballot. Once certified as a potential candidate, the process of gathering signatures and getting on the ballots in the individual states begins. The State Department’s only job is to make sure that the candidate meets the three constitutional requirements to be president.The first she meets easily. She is over thirty-five-years-old. The second she also meets having been born in the United Sates. The third requirement, one few people think about, is where she came up short. You must be a resident “within the united states” for 14 years before you’re eligible. Why she doesn’t qualify is partly how she was raised but mostly of her own doing.As a child, Michelle Obama’s legal residence was in the British Virgin Islands. Her parents kept it that way so she would be eligible for immigrant status and special consideration for schooling. Between birth and age 22, when she graduated college, Michelle Obama had only racked up two years of legal, US residency.After college, in order to avoid paying taxes, she kept an address in the Cayman Islands from which she filed all of her tax returns. Therefore, none of the years between the time she graduated and the time she became First Lady count either. While in the White House, the Obamas filed joint returns, giving her another seven years of residency. At nine years of residency, she is ineligible to be president. She will qualify in 2021, meaning she will miss the next cycle and we won’t have to watch her campaign for the next four years.What a relief. The thought of listening to her speak eloquently and be all “politically correct” and empathetic to the plight of “average Americans” (AKA welfare freeloaders) would have caused a wave of nausea across the country.








It’s no secret that Barack Obama has been running a shadow government out of his Tracy Place mansion since his exit from the Oval Office. Almost every Democrat, as well as a dozen or so influential Republicans, have been confirmed by independent sources to be involved. Two members of Trump’s own cabinet, Dr. Ben Carson and former Governor Rick Scott have both been identified as traitors.This morning, Trump has officially had enough. A source inside the Deep State confirms that a hand-written letter was delivered by courier from President Trump himself to Obama with an ultimatum to cease and desist — or else.The source, who may or may not work for Trump at the White House, told a third party to preserve anonymity that things are about to heat up if Obama and his band of usurpers don’t shut down their interference into the lawful American legislative process:“Obama was told in no uncertain terms that he will be dragged from his home kicking and screaming as an enemy combatant and a traitor and brought before a military tribunal for attempting to create a coup to remove a sitting president through unlawful activities. What they’re doing isn’t simple lobbying. They are blackmailing lawmakers and threatening their families. Obama was given one chance to step back and allow Trump to govern before his door gets kicked in.”The mainstream media is ignoring the Deep State because they get much better ratings by blaming everything wrong with our country on President Trump. That will eventually blow up in their faces. The truth will eventually come out and the traitors will be sent to jail, or better yet — Gitmo.








An operative inside the Obama Deep State, presumably working in the best interests of President Trump, has released a list of people participating in the attempted overthrow of our government from within. That list, which includes almost every Democrat currently serving at the state and federal level, also includes 11 serving Republicans.Along with those who currently hold seats, a few names that we’re not at all surprised about who formerly held a title, such as Barack Obama and his wife, have also been named. They include Bill and Hillary Clinton, George W. Bush and, very surprisingly, Mayor Rudy Giuliani. Giuliani, who is still a vocal supporter of Trump, was also a staunch advocate for sanctuary cities during his time in New York.The 11 Republicans serving as operatives for the Deep State, whose mission is “the overthrow of the Trump regime by political means and the removal of Donald Trump by any means necessary” are:The two who stand out most are Ben Carson and Rick Perry, both of whom campaigned against President Trump. Carson, who portrays himself to be a bit clueless, was thought to be given his position in exchange for his endorsement. Rick Perry was also considered one of the less cerebral of Trump’s cabinet picks. It’s no secret that both of those departments are on the chopping block to be eliminated.The Deep State may seem like a meaningless gesture to keep old ideals that should be tossed aside from dying, but they have already proven effective in killing the health care bill as well as forcing judges to stall Trump’s plans to make America safe again with travel bans. They are also most likely behind the “leaks” of information to Devin Nunes and the deal to give Michael Flynn immunity for his cooperation with the fake investigation into the Russia “scandal” that never happened.The Deep State is for real, folks. Keep your eyes and ears open. they’re trying to steal our country out from underneath us.








Attorney General Jeff Sessions had no choice but to take reports from a private lab seriously about the cause of death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. Scalia, who supposedly died of a heart attack while on a hunting trip, wasn’t autopsied when he died because at the time no foul play was suspected.On the request of his family, the coroner removed a pint of his blood, a vile of spinal fluid and a syringe full of ocular fluid in case the family needed genetic material or wanted to have it tested. After it was revealed several months ago that the Obama administration covered up a suspicious intruder at the hunting resort Scalia where Scalia was staying, the family decided to have the material tested.A private lab found a chemical derivative of foxglove and a nationwide manhunt for a killer began. Sessions, whose hands are tied without an official autopsy, asked a federal judge late last night to order the body of Antonin Scalia exhumed for autopsy so there can be no speculation that an unofficial sample was tampered with.While the exhumation is harsh and will certainly be tough on his family, it is necessary to tie his death to Obama and his assassin so this country can stop being led blindly by the media into some fake news “Russian scandal” and back to the reality that a shadow government of evil is operating inside our borders to destroy America.








After an independent report found a chemical derivative from foxglove in Antonin Scalia’s spinal and ocular fluid, an investigation began into an unknown man spotted on a single security camera at the hunting resort where the Supreme Court Justice was found dead. This afternoon, that man has been identified and the authorities across the country are being alerted to be on the lookout for him.The story is being kept quiet in the press but details have arisen all across the internet from sources inside the department of Justice and Homeland Security. The FBI wasn’t invited to participate in the investigation but they have been asked to search for the suspect.The suspect, identified only as John McMan, is a professional assassin who has been evading capture for 20 years and is wanted for questioning in over a dozen murders, including two that may link back to Hillary Clinton. This is the clearest picture the authorities have been able to produce:The photo was taken at a party in 2011. The hosts, prominent political supporters from Montana, ended up face down, drowned in their own pool. If you see or recognize this man, don’t try to approach him. He is considered a deadly weapon even if he’s not armed. Contact the authorities immediately.








Well, Obama is making sure his War on Christmas lasts clear through his last days in the White House. Early Monday morning, Barack Hussein Obama signed an executive order banning the use of a baby Jesus on the White House soil. That’s right, he banned Jesus Christ.He told MSNBC:I am signing this order as an act of tolerance and peace towards globalized unity. Symbols like the nativity or a manger are divisive during a holiday season shared by many different walks of faith. Our White House in inclusive to them all. To make others feel welcome, we will no longer have Jesus in the manger on White House grounds.Umm, everyone knows America is a Christian nation. How can you have Christmas with no Baby Jesus? This comes after Obama decided Christmas Trees were banned from the White House and declared them all Holiday Trees. Ugh!We can rest assured President Trump will reverse this action but, it looks like the White House will have yet another Christ-less Christmas with the anti-Christ in the White House.January 20 can’t come soon enough!








A spokesperson for Melania Trump let the cat out of the bag early Wednesday morning that the future First Lady has decided what her main initiative will be when her husband takes office and Michelle Obama is not going to like it. Speaking under condition of anonymity, the spokesman revealed to CBS News that Mrs. Trump will be restoring the federal school lunch program to something children will actually eat.“One of the things Melania Trump is most troubled by is that children are being served inadequate and unappetizing meals in school in the name of nutrition,” said the aide, “When she learned that the First Lady can help mold school menus into something they look forward to rather than something they despise, she was thrilled.”According to the spokesman, Mrs. Trump isn’t planning on putting fryolators back in school cafeterias or serving Twinkies and cupcakes for lunch, but she does believe that a diet with steady carbs and enticing fruits and vegetables would be more appealing to schoolchildren who have been living for the past eight years with lunches like these: Melania decided to take on the initiative after learning that children who couldn’t stomach the lunches were going hungry and couldn’t even muster enough energy to do anything but sit down during recess. “She believes in children, food and recess. What can I say, she’s a great mom,” her spokesman said, “while her husband fixes Barack Obama’s mess, she’ll make sure history forgets Michelle Obama.”That sounds great. Now how about a refund for all the vacations?Michelle Obama is so distraught over Melania’s move to bring flavor and satisfaction back to school lunches that she cancelled her schedule for the day, presumably to stay in and sulk.








Hillary Clinton, who tried to fool the country into thinking a 70-year-old woman could possibly be fit to be President of the United States, collapsed outside her daughter Chelsea’s New York apartment yesterday, prompting an emergency visit to her doctor. After some initial tests, the doctor admitted her to Mount Sinai Hospital where she will spend the better part of the next week undergoing tests.A spokesman for the hospital told The New York Post:“Secretary Clinton suffers from post-election anxiety that borders on PTSD along with what appears to be a chronic neurological disorder that makes her physically able to do more than most people think she’s actually capable of. It could be a real problem for someone of her advanced years.”It appears as though Clinton, whose bout with pneumonia almost left her passed out on a New York sidewalk on 9/11, will have to cancel her campaign for 2020 if she had one in mind in lieu of some time on the shuffleboard court at a\n assisted living facility.We’d like to have some empathy for this woman but after sending and receiving all of those emails and being in charge when an embassy was attacked, it’s just not in the cards. Maybe this is just a clear-cut case of karma.








Robert DeNiro has become a well-known loser ever since his cute little “Trump is a punk” video made no difference on election day. In that video, he told some very bad lies and disrespected the president in a big way. Watch the piece of trash fake tough guy’s pitiful performance below:Now that President Trump has taken office, DeNiro went on a list of people who had directly threatened hi. “I’d like to punch him in the face” might be something fun to say about a guy at the end of the bar or your wife’s flirty boss, but it’s not something you can just say about the President of the United States. Donald Trump made sure of that when he signed the POTUS protection order the day he took office.Jeff Derpinger, Director of the WHOIP, told reporters from The Gateway Pundit and Breitbart:“President Trump said from the beginning that he wouldn’t stand for the insults and threats and that they’d be dealt with accordingly. DeNiro is an influential person in this country and his statements create a direct and credible threat against the leader of our country. As such, he will be investigated, his passport and any travel visas he has revoked and he will go on the no-fly list. He will also be subject to a tax audit and further investigation by the Justice Department. Basically, his entire life is about to be opened and examined.Let this be a lesson to those who won’t back President Trump: You will not like what happens if you don’t fall in line.”DeNiro wasn’t available for comment but a source for Paramount Pictures says the travel ban has already cost him more than $10 million for contracted filming obligations in New Zealand that he can no longer attend.Take notice, liberals. You can’t just say whatever you want about President Trump and get away with it.








Five peaceful, tolerant liberals (ha ha) were just pulled from the crowd outside the capitol and charged with conspiracy to commit murder and domestic terrorism after Secret Service agents identified them as a left-wing terror cell responsible for riots in New York and Philadelphia after election day. Information streaming out of Washington says all five are American born citizens.There is very little to go on so far, but Special Agent Zach Braniff told reporters that the killers were serious about their mission and were ready to bring the entire Capitol building down to accomplish their mission:“They all had suicide vests on and their minivan was found to contain enough explosives to take out a large chunk of Capitol Hill. They were chanting about freedom of speech and choice, which clearly means they have been influenced by fake news and have zero respect for human life.”The terrorists were whisked away for questioning at an undisclosed location and the area was cleared for the President’s speech this evening. This is a developing story the mainstream media isn’t talking about but we will certainly keep you updated as things develop.








Late last week, a rumor began circulating in Washington social circles that there was trouble in paradise for Barack and Michelle Obama. While there was no confirmation, it was being tossed around that it was Barack looking to dump Michelle. This morning, a filing in the District Court of Cook County, Illinois confirmed that the couple is seeking divorce and that Barack is, in fact, the plaintiff.According to county docket D4610968L86, Barack Hussein Obama seeks dissolution of marriage from Michelle Obama on grounds of infidelity and irreconcilable differences. The infidelity, according to the Obama’s longtime housekeeper, Analita Consuelo Gonsales, isn’t recent but rather the revelation through a recent DNA test that Obama isn’t the biological father of Sasha or Malia.Gonsales said that it wasn’t really a surprise, because during an argument in 2003 Barack admitted to Michelle that he had faked all of his orgasms. Michelle, in turn, admitted that she had an affair with a biolab and that the children were actually the product of advanced genetic engineering. Apparently, Malia is secretly one of the most talented dulcimer musicians in the world and Sasha’s IQ is so high she’s a single lab accident away from being a supervillain and taking over the world.Obama, who suddenly feels like an outcast in a family of such amazing people, will step aside and even back Michelle’s 2020 run for president, but he will not agree to paying any form of support for Sasha, who is still a minor, mostly because she makes more money playing Texas Hold ’em in a month than he makes in a year.It’s lucky for us that we don’t have to have this kind of craziness in our White House anymore. Having a great, stable family like the Trumps is doing wonders for America.








The libtards of America just love to pretend they aren’t sexist, even though they support putting the wife of a serial rapist, sexual harasser and Oval Office defiler back in the White House. So let’s see what they have to say about this secretly recorded video showing Bill Clinton wishing his wife would just stay home and make him a sandwich.In the recorded by a caterer, Bill Clinton is seen talking to an unknown man who has his back to the camera. The two are deep in conversation about golf, and retired life when Bill says something shocking:“It’s nice for Hillary to be running for president, but sometimes I just wish she would stay home and make me a damn sandwich!”The unknown man chuckles and says, “They sure don’t make women like they used to.”Bill laughs and says:“I get so jealous of these Republican guys, their wives smell like cookies and are always smiling and polite.”Someone steps in front of the camera for several minutes and blocks the conversation, but when the video picks back up Bill and the man are seen clinking their glasses together and though the video is almost inaudible it sounds like Bill says:“–if she loses–I can get my man card back!”The two then slap each other on the back.Back in the 90s Hillary Clinton insulted women across America when she said:“I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas, but what I decided to do was to fulfill my profession which I entered before my husband was in public life.”Seems kind of like that’s exactly the kind of woman Bill wished he had judging by this new video. Probably why he’s had multiple affairs throughout his marriage.After Hillary Clinton loses the election, Slick Willy might be drowning in sandwiches.UPDATE This video was removed from YouTube shortly after publishing. Obviously, the Clintons will go to any length to silence this video.








What do Vladimir Putin’s dog and Barack Obama have in common? The same name!According to sources close to the Kremlin, Vladimir Putin sat down with Germany’s Angela Merkel to give her some advice on how to handle the influx of radical islamic terrorists who are flooding into Germany. As a token of appreciation, Merkel gave Putin a black Labrador Retriever. Putin then immediately stood up and announced to the reporters in the room that the dog will be named after the President of the United States.“This animal will be named Barack Hussein Obama!”Merkel then mocked Obama by pretending to be afraid of the large black animal, waving her hands in the air and silent screaming.While it is hilarious that a man’s man like Putin just insulted Barack Obama, it’s also an insult to every American Patriot. Remember the days when we were respected and even feared by the world? Now strong world leaders mock ours.If you didn’t already think Obama has made our country the laughingstock of the world, a strong ruler like Putin naming his dog after the U.S. President proves it.We need a strong man heading America, again. A leader that foreign leaders would fear naming their dogs after. We need a man like Donald Trump in the White House who wouldn’t stand for being disrespected by having a dignitaries’ Golden Retriever named after him. Of course, Putin knows Trump wouldn’t put up with this crap, so he wouldn’t even try it.Obama was unable to be reached for comment, as reported from several journalists who were in the room during Putin’s announcement. He was probably playing golf or campaigning for Killary.Make American Great Again!








After a campaign appearance for Hillary Clinton in Las Vegas Friday Night, President Obama had to receive emergency medical treatment from the surgeon assigned to Air Force One after he tripped and fell and busted his face open. A source in the President’s press corps witnessed the event, which has been played off as “a minor scrape,” saying that there was a fair amount of blood and almost certainly a couple of stitches.The best part of the story is how the whole ordeal took place. According to the source, an intern with a major publication, Obama was walking through the staff kitchen in the plane looking for something salty to snack on when he slipped on a pocket copy of the United States Constitution somebody must have dropped, causing him to whack his chin off of one of the stainless steel prep tables.When one of the chefs joked that he must not have seen it, Obama was heard to say, “I’ve never seen one of those before in my life.” As the crew yucked it up and joked, America continued its suffering outside of the luxury plane as 92 million people were still left out of the workforce staring at a $20 trillion debt their grandchildren’s children will be stuck paying for.The mainstream media has been silent about the incident and the doctor did a nice job of concealing the wound. While you may not see it, you can rest easy that at least for a week or so it will Obama when he opens his mouth to speak just as much as it hurts us.








Trey Gowdy has been one of America’s greatest assets. The US Representative from South Carolina has been instrumental in prosecuting corrupt politicians and getting to the bottom of their scandals. Just recently, he was able to have the cold case of Vince Foster re-opened and declared a homicide.Now, with questions of Russian involvement at the DNC and the Deep State shadow government of Barack Obama working night and day to cover it up, Gowdy has grown tired with the obvious lack of ability — or possible collusion — he’s been seeing from the FBI. Gowdy’s personal aide, Mandy Gonsales, told a reporter for TIME magazine that those days are over:“Mr. Gowdy wants to know the truth. He hates it when there are lies and deceit going around. In this case, The Obama shadow government is doing everything it can to protect Hillary Clinton and hide the fact that the Russian connection is with the DNC, not Donald Trump.Mr. Gowdy intends to bring all of the major players, including Clinton, Obama and FBI Director Comey in front of his committee to find out exactly what is happening.”A reporter for The Washington Post caught up with Obama on the golf course and asked him about the accusations. Obama told him:“Let me be clear. I’m no longer the President Of The United States. What I do is my business as long it’s legal. Collusion with the Russians is Trump’s gig. You should be talking to him.”Basically, he said he’ll do whatever he wants and there is nothing anyone can do to stop him. Apparently he’s never come into contact with Trey Gowdy. He will get to the bottom of this just like he did Benghazi and Hillary’s emails.








Three United States Generals were so disgusted with President Obama during a briefing on Iran that they resigned on the spot and walked out of the meeting. The Generals had all flown to Hawaii to meet with the President in the mobile command center of Air Force One.General George Hammond, commander of the Cheyenne Mountain complex, said that what Obama had suggested was simply intolerable from a military standpoint and that he could no longer support President Obama. He resigned his commission after nearly 130 SG missions.General Z.A. Brannigan, one of Obama’s most trusted advisors, was also completely outraged at the suggestions made by Obama. He tendered his resignation after 30 years, four purple hearts and 7 seasons as a consultant on a popular sci-fi television show.None of the men was willing to continue working after hearing Obama’s stance on Iran.The greatest loss to our military is by far General Lando Calrissian, who led the rebels to victory against the second Death Star. Without him, the country faces losing support from the Jedi council, which as we know almost ALWAYS ends up with another dude in a mask running things for an even worse dude in a hood. Thanks, Obama.When asked why they were resigning, all three of the generals said the same thing. Obama asked them to respect Donald Trump’s wishes and serve him as though he were qualified to be commander-in-chief even though he’s not fit to lead a middle school marching band.Big mistake.








The Clinton Foundation and its board of directors, which includes Chelsea and Bill Clinton, have been formally charged by the Justice Department under US code title 16 subsection 216. Under federal law, the DOJ has found that the foundation has accepted money from countries with suspected ties to terrorism.The countries involved include Egypt, Saudi Arabia, The United Arab Emirates and Dubai. In more than a dozen uncovered reports, The Clinton Foundation accepted donations from those countries without obtaining the necessary form 5649, which is a disclaimer that the person or government making the donation does not engage in nor support terrorist activity.A spokesman for the foundation told CNN that those forms were on file but after a full warrant search by the FBI they were nowhere to be found. When asked about it, FBI Director Comey said, “that’s tough luck. Maybe the Clintons shouldn’t have made such enemies of this agency.”There’s a little bit of karma for a Monday morning. The foundation attempted to show the agency paperwork that proved that more than 90 percent of the money collected went to medicine and education for children in those very nations, but it’s not the spending that is in question. A US attorney working directly for Jeff Sessions, Janice Garbalonzo, told The Federalist Papers:“The Clinton Foundation thinks because it spends its money on textbooks, medicine, food and clothing for children that it’s exempt from the law. The four countries in question may not have made the travel ban but they are still listed as possible suspects where enemies of the state like the Clintons are concerned. We’ll use everything at our disposal to get those crooks.”A spokesman for the White House Office of Information and Propaganda says the investigation and subsequent consequences have nothing to do with the election or any kind of rivalry between the president and the Clintons. If found guilty, board members in the know could face up to 30 years in prison.








During Friday Night’s Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio, Beyonce’ Knowles, known for her liberal ideals and anti-police rhetoric, was performing a free set for the murderous email queen when she suddenly stopped singing. She turned towards the side of the stage where Hillary was standing and said, “You’re in my earpiece.”Clinton, looking surprised, gave a smile and started clapping. Beyonce’ continued her performance but cut it short after just two songs. She was seen storming off stage and leaving the venue in a limousine shortly thereafter.Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-DestroyingA reporter from the local Parma Gazette asked around and found out from a sound tech that Clinton’s lapel mic was hot and all of the staff were listening when she said:“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”The Clinton campaign refused calls for comment and the roadie who gave the original report is now nowhere to be found. Hopefully his life insurance was up to date.It Was Demorats who started the KKK and they never left it. Time for black people to know you have used for over 50 years and you follow like sheepiesThat’s what Beyoncé gets!!!! LMAO  sorry not sorry for loving this!
And Killary can’t even be happy to get a free concert without being so
rude, I thought she needed the black vote? Guess BL don’t M to HRC!!!Paid them $62 million.  Not exactly free!Nothing matters to HRC except HRCLMAO!Actually hitlery paid them 62mil for the “free” concertIs it rude or did Beyonce deserve it like you imply? Can you make up your mind and whatnot or is this Tourettes?That concert wasn’t free. Campaign funds paid them $65,000,000 to jay z and BeyoncéHillary paid Beyon`ce and her husband $62 million to do this concert….it was not for free!!!http://endingthefed.com/clinton-campaign-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z-62-million-for-cleveland-concert-to-secure-black-votes.htmllmao it wasnt free she paid out 65 mil for that last sec concertThe best think that Beyonce can do is to vote for  Trump and let her know it.That will  make her even madder.LMAO….good enough for both of themI want to understand, why did Black Americans stand at attention, while Obama was talking down to them, as if they were part of a Chain Gang, taking orders from their prison guards? I thought people have freedom of choice, not someone elses ideology. Wake up Black America, the Democrats are playing you for your votes. The could give a crap less about your struggles or difficulties.What black people as if you know all black people, as if you know what all black people think or feel. You don’t know that…. Stop with the assumption. We ate not one mind.Hillary’s use of Jay-Z and other entertainers in a feeble attempt of pandering the minority vote demonstrates her / liberals thoughts regarding minority people of the nation.
If you don’t understand this, Think;
Why can’t she bring to you a message of intellectual value with no question in her mind you’ll understand?
She banks on her thoughts of your ignorance to further her agenda.
Non minority supporters of Hillary should be considered racist pigs for condoning her strategies…not sure what you mean?~ well… ur black ass is DEF. one minded, cuz you can not even fkn spell right…(Lol)  All Hail BLM… B*lack  L*azy  M*onkeys….(LMMF*W*AO)Hey Rev. Bill, talk like that is not going to unite this country.  Please, we have to stop the hate.Rev Bill your a jackass. I was a Trump supporter, but I certainly have no animosity toward the black people in our society.“We ate not one mind”  WOW…. LMAOObama is a white liberal anointed ROYALIST CLASS BLACK OVERSEER OF HIS RACE AND IS DOING HIS STEP N FETCH IT DUTIES TO HIS WHITE LIBERAL MASTERS~~~PERIOD!!!The “white liberal masters” are Jews, not white.I believe that roadie has done his last gig. His name was found on 4 ballots this weekhere is a better analysis of Dem/GOP stands on civil rights. phttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/republicans-party-of-civil-rightsAbsolutely true.AMEN!First get your history right. The Democrats were “Dixicrats” when they formed the KKK, and they are now YOUR KKK!  Black people were no part of the Dixicrats!  Don’t try to give us your white supremistthe dems and republicans have switched positions through the years their beleifs at that time would have made  the democrats republicans now so in other woulds the philosophy than is the same as the present day repulicans ill believe this when i hear it fro BeyonceOh the Ole switcharoo huh? Lmao! So Strom Thurman was the whole democratic party huh? He was the only democrat to switch parties during that time! Wow big switch huh? SMDHHe beyonce there s time to vote TRUMP!I agree!!Time to makes America great again! Vote for Trump!Don’t be fooled you fool. You and your family was poor then, too.Hilly is nothing but trash! I do not see why the Hollywood set are into her when she just uses them for their money and her gain!
Wonder what she says about them when they are not around?Because they are involved in the Illuminati also.The Hollywood set follows Hillary because they live in the same elitist world Hillsry does.  They are completely out of touch with the reality we live in. They are blind to the hypocrisy and corruption in the Democratic Party because it doesn’t touch them.Exactly!idk why she would think she is any different than all the others they use and then toss aside like yesterdays garbage…smdh….i thought she was supposed to be so dam smart….HA….guess that was a lie tooTheir Sheeple, and Killary was probably loaded again!!!Their sheeple? Whose sheeple? Trump or Hillary?Money… They’re paid!Hollywood is owned by Zionists. Just like Hillary.I am a Zionist and I am for Trump!!!I don’t think you understand the term zionist.   “a movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.”Hillary Clinton is definitely NOT in favor of the Jewish nation prospering in their own land no matter what drivel comes out of her mouth.You are full of crap.  She is owned by Soros who hates Israel and Zionists!!!
Get educated!Seriously, get your facts straight, before sending it all out into the population
. The Devil aka, Illuminati,  owns alot of the souls of Actors. Musicians and such.. they sell their souls to the Evil doers and then the become actors , musicians etc. Makes me sick… Obama had a bunch of them to the white house just recently and gave them medals of some sort,  check it out , Obama , Clinton’s,  Soros and some top politicians  in power are all part of this Sick Society of Satan worshippers and child molesters….They are hoping for favors or the ability to rent a night in the Lincoln Bedroom!Because like her, most of those in Hollywood HAVE NO MORALS!When will people learn that the Clintons’ are nothing but users?  They have no respect for anyone,  They use these celebrites to get votes and then talk trash about them.  Sickening..I agreeHope this post opens up the truth of who Clinton really is and what she stands for..HERSELF!Vote Trump..he has your back and your interests too, and will put our America FIRST!!I HOPE BEYONCE  WILL TELL EVERYONE WHAT WAS SAID IT HAD TO HURT HER BAD I AM SOORY FOR BEYONCEI bet, that this would upset Obama and Michelle…Jay-Z is their best friends…Sorry for Beyonce. She doesn’t deserve Respect after what she has said about all Law EnforcementAMEN! She is trash!Yes she took advantage of the superbowl and made her agenda one of hate and violence
She and her dance team were paying homage to The black panthers who are nothing but hate and destruction.Sorry for that police trashing pos! No, nope, I can’t stand the way she acts and what she stands for. As far as Clinton, does this crap actually surprise anybody? She is simple white trash and all she cares about is Hillary and the All Mighty Dollar.I am NOT one bit sorry for Beyoncé! She has been dumb enough to follow that  heating, killing, lying old bat! She should know Hillary is a back-stabber!Ummm, hello! Bernie Sanders got paid hush money. It will be interesting to see how they compensate Beyoncé to keep her quiet. Trump 2016!62 mi!!ion so farBeyonce’ and JZ actually $62,000,000f fir that twi sing ‘concert’ . To draw in tbe black Vote!!Well, when you play with s**t you are going to get it on you. Hope Beyoncé learned from it. Clintons are white trash users.To hell with Beyoncé! That’s what you get for supporting a back stabbing criminal! “F” the clintonsI’M not surprised.  Beyonce is a adequate singer, her dress? is questionable.
I  wouldn’t take b a FREE CD OF HER CRAP MUSICTwo worthless creatures  cut from the same cloth ha haha.How much money did it cost Beyoncé to be there?  That was one expensive lesson.Nothing! She was paid for that. Wonder if 62m is enough to take the beating from hrc words68 million each her and JzHer TRUE side will come out ! !I think it did come out with that comment! She’s a hypocrite!!! And liar and conartist! The epitome of con games!!!Her true side IS out!I just it doesn’t come too late.No surprise Beyonce…please stop following her Hillary and Obama think they are the masters of destruction of theUSA she is using you allllll …Under her watch people are getting seriiusly hurt ..physically.
Please Vote TrumpIt shows Hillary’s hypocrisy, but Beyonce does sing trash.If this is true, it’s a huge beatdown for the Hildabeast! If Beyonce talks about it, or any of the staff that heard her, that’ll blow her black voter bloc right out if the water!and that would be a blessing for sure….#VOTETRUMPHow did you come to that conclusion? Not all black people follow Beyonce.——-  BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HER —– LIKE WE KNOW  (HER)I have kknow her the entire time of her career she has failed at everything she done she got a rapist off through corruption and has done nothing but corruption and sick twisted things her whole life she has sold out the Bengazhi men lives to this very election with nothing but corruption satanic cult to the very selling out of her kid yeah I know killary and I know about the coup of our government that was just countercoup to take her down with all her sick things she has done to America and it’s people.Is anyone Surprised . they don’t care who they useOutstanding  comment! !How can I join your group! I think exactly as u do and want to save this great country from idiot liberals!!!If you are a”deplorable conservative no matter what race or color”Welcome a board!We Deploables stand with TRUMP!!!vote for Trump. It has never been the people campaign, it has been for the ultra wealthy. She has openly said that she is going to raise taxes on us. Obamacare is going up… a lot. They plan to make us a poor 3rd world country. Donald hopes to repair what the last 24 years have done. I hope you can help us give him a chance.Well bouncy when will you and your moronic friends get it ? HILLARY AND BILL don’t like niggas and Jews they are only a means to an end !!!!!!!!They don’t like Catholics eitherOr AmericansGot that right..all of you…Totally uncalled forAmerica will be sold out,the hour is at hand,and she has already turned Her back on God and the only thing left is judgementThe bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like the is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your  eyes  you still have time to save yourselves .The bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like She is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your eyes you still have time to save yourselves .The Clintons are evil ungodly pos…   Moses led his people (slaves) out of bondage of Egypt and AFTER he parted the waters and let GOD’S persecuted people thru, GOD let waters flow back and kill the bad guys that had enslaved God/Moses people.  Clintons just wanted Beyonce to get black people vote before they let the waters come back through.  They are the bad guysKevin, you make a good point! Let’s hope her users open their eyes if they haven’t already voted for the Queen!Now maybe she will see Trump is the best choice Killarney is TRASHHow much were you paid?Hollywood is the straw that stirs the drink for TRAsH LIKE the Clintons, Obama and George SarosYeah, my bro and I was there. That look in Beyonce eye boyee dat shit was NASTY at HILLARY!Gave her the stink eye and stank face!!HEY YOU NEED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW IT WAS TRUE SO THEY DON’T VOTE FOR hILLARY THAT WAS WRONG WHAT SHE SAID ABOUT BEYONCEAnd that ladies and gentlemen is a racist that wants to be your President. Wake up folks and vote Trump.is there video of this?Can’t seem to find one. Which song was it?I hope this is true. Would love to watch the libtardian left  tearing themselves apart…..And this is to prove what? There is no audio or video evidence to corroborate the story. Just a right wing “reporter” (and I use that term loosely)  with a fantastical story idea which isn’t original. Simply took what happened with Trump and his hot mic (whice had evidence) and trying to turn it on Clinton. This isn’t news. It’s fallacy, and not done well at all. Lazy reporting.You’re one of those idiots, believe everything they say about Trump but all the dirt on Hillary is just right-wing blather and lies. I’ll hit you up next time I need to count sheep.HAHAHAAnd what evidence do you have that it’s false? Beyonce did stop in the song and Beyonce did take after only two songs without further adieu. So you don’t believe this story but rather have Hillary make a fool out of youDo you know all or just can’t stand the truth? Wise up , Clinton is a user , she got caught , it’s not the first time.But it’s like something she would say!!Daniel, maybe its time to pull your head out of your ass!Beyonce, tell me she did not!  I don’t put nothing pass
 the Really Rottens!!!! sorry mf’s!I see any (polite) dissenting comment gets held for moderation then deleted. How liberal of you.Just hadn’t been moderated yet. We have a small team.Really? Because I’ve read several already.Sorry this is b.s. I watched the show and nobody stormed off stage Beyonce was hugging Hilary and handed her the mic before kissing her and calmy walked off stage with her husband. It’s amazing the roadie couldn’t be found after his bogus claim!That’s what i saw on the video…I’d be glad for someone to provide video evidence to the contrary!!She hasn’t learned to keep her big mouth shut yet.But Beyoncé still preformed her services for the racist murderer without defending her music or her people didn’t she.For once Hillary was being truthful! Why was the pole dancer even there?Well that’s one time she didn’t lieHaha. So true!she and her subservient  ilk always been  slaves for fat*ss clinton and that ain’t gonna change.She uses Ppl. like no one else !.She hates Minorities until election day !In the Beyonce story, don’t mean to be picky but correct spelling is WHOAWell it surely is crap pseudo music.There ya go!  Just goes to show you Beyonce that you are just another Negro to her even if you sold your soul to the devilI doubt it is true.Done you twos heard it and was you two sittin to gether?How many times does this have to happen before they realize the ruthless person they are bowing and scraping too..about time they find out.So damn funny and fitting! Maybe now these”artists”and I use the term loosely,will finally realize what a piece of scum Hillery is.I can’t stand Hillary, but let’s not be like her and the Dem’s media, I want to hear her own voice saying these things. any person of reasonable intelligence in either party, should want to see & hear real proof of wrong doing.AgreeWow what a ungrateful witch !! There is something wrong with her, she is fake as hell.MAYBE PEOPLE WILL START REALIZING HILLARY DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THEM….IT’S ALL FOR HER POLITICAL GAIN AND SHE WILL SAY AND DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!  WE CANNOT HAVE HER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN!!!!The Clintons have,always been for themselves. All the money in the Clinton Foundation  was put there by donors,TO the Clintons for a “charityfoundation” ..which turns out the money from the Foundation is used as their personal “bank account” to use the money for their own family…Busted as the hypocritical, pathological-psychotic thief and traitor she is.THAT WAS THE REAL HILLARY,THE BLACK COMMUNITY HAS BEEN KIDDING IT’S SELF FOR DECADES THINKING THE DEMOCRATS WERE WITH THEM , FOR THEM. DEMOCRATS ARE WHAT BLACKS SHOULD CALL THE ANTI-AMERICAN RACIST PARTY. THE D.N.C. HAS HAD A HATETRED FOR BLACKS FOR 150 YRS AND WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP THEM UNDER THEIR THUMP AND DOWN ON THE PLANTATION. IT’S TIME FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY TO PULL THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS OUT OF THE SAND AND TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL DEMOCRATS, ‘CAUSE IF THEY DON’T THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT #’S WILL EXPLODE  AND POVERTY WILL EXPLODE….THAT’S DEMOCRAT BIG GOVERNMENT CONTROL. CLINTON IS BIG GOVERNMENT ,IS AN ELITIST,IS A RACIST,AND DID TAKE CAMPAIGN FUNDS FROM THEIR BABY THE K.K.K. FREEDOM FROM DEMOCTAT CONTROL IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP.Pop diesel..agree with your post 100%!!  Ok if we borrow it and share??So Jay Z and Beyonce conduct a FREE concert for Hillary Clinton.. Hum.. Yet Donald Trump stands alone with JUST his 15,000 supporters, who came for JUST Trump.. no help form the so called “star power”!! And let’s not forget his republican party.. Talk about weak!!
I personally find it very insulting that Hillary Clinton thinks so low of the black community, she plays them for a fool and thinks they are down right stupid! I hope you all enjoyed the FREE concert she supplied you with. Because that ALL she will do for you!
Think about this, Hillary Clinton thinks that the only way black people will ever understand the election process and the fact that they should even vote, period…is to use the words FREE and WELFARE. Hillary has purposely bound a large percentage of the black community in a vice, locked them down and they are under her sick control!
GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!! DON’T BELIEVE THE SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN THEY SAY “THERE IS NO WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN, HE HAS A NARROW PATH” it’s all mind control.. they want us to feel there is no point to go out and vote if SHE is going to win anyway!! GO OUT AND VOTE!!! Bring your family and friends, tell your coworkers to through their kids in the mini van and get to the polls!!
Beyonce.. put that fist up.. you know, the one you display so proudly in honor for the black panthers.. and punch yourself right in the mouth with it!
Whoever your voting for just GO VOTE!!I agree, Missy.  Free stuff.  I saw a clip from the show and Hillary was yet again offensive after JZ and his crew did a horrific, violent rap that called women bitches and hoes and talk about drugs and killin niggas – oh yes, and hoes.  She was euphoric as she clapped at the end shouting happily, “THIS IS YOU, AMERICA!  THIS IS WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT!” All the people clapped and shouted approval.  Really people?  She likes to pander to black people with a tremendous disconnect.  She actually believes black people are all gangsta… and ignorant.
Meanwhile, Trump STILL had more people at his rallies without free food and free concert tickets.  I hope those people had a good time and then vote trump anyway.Even Left lib’d can’t say it’s ok for what Hillary did! Truthful who the hell want a EVIL👺LYING MURERING WITCH I’ll NEVER FORGET BENGHAZI!She is always flapping her yap! Why more people haven’t caught on is beyond me?  I find it rather amusing, how stupid her minions truly are…Why there isn’t more truth from HRC’s *#@&^%! garbage gutter mouth???  It’s because HilLiarY does not allow anyone in her presence to have a cell phone.http://www.mediazone.news/index.php/2016/11/04/every-american-will-
salute-with-pride-nypd-announces-they-are-preparing-to-arrest-
hillary-clinton-on-pedophilia-and-treason-charges/#comment-1385Let’s get on with it!Clinton doesn’t even know how NOT to bite a gift horse in the mouth!! What a stupid, arrogant, hateful person – couldn’t she have just enjoyed the show?The real Hillary just opened her racist bigoted mouth. Go figure!Ooops, the only time Hillary doesn’t lie is when she thinks no one is listening.Go 4 it .Hillary will bust it wide openThey deserved each other .You and your man are always welcome on the Trump train!!!! We one big happy family!! No we are not racist!!Hillary is smarter than B…and Z….But not T…Trump….the blacks have heard Hillary say racist things …they are stupid FOR supporting her.Where is the video showing this. .. young voters don’t realize that she is a Grand Puba Princess  the KKK. . Her mentor was bird. They Democratic Party has been the one for over a hundred years keeping people enslaved and that’s what your welfare is.House keeper printing classified emails and Clinton has good judgement.! Go figure.Does this surprise anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well it is ghetto directed trash music.  Clinton knows how to fuk things up. LolHILLARY IS SO UGLY AND  SHE WOULD NOT BE THE PRESIDENT THAT WE NEED.thank you..I would love to be the Hangman for Her and Bill Clinton!LOL how stupid..she gets bustedas always, killary will get a free pass.
liberals are nothing if not unified. they hate each other behind closed doors, but they march in lockstep to vote.This is proof I’ll be voting Green Party!!
The LORD is in control!!I don’t care for Beyonce or her music but have enough class to never say something like that whether anyone could hear me or not!Hillary is a failure even at her own eventsShe is just as racist as Beyonce.Oh God, her private persona has been leaked again.  I hate when that happens.  She just messed with the Queen B.DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON HILLARHOID, SHE’LL CUT YOUR THROAT, OR STOP PUTTING YOUR MONEY IN HER POCKET SHE’LL TAKE YOU DOWN SOME WAY.Gotta love it!She is a hypocrite right along with Michelle Obama. They are offended by the People’s Choice for President Donald Trump’s locker room word Pussy and yet Tom Jones sings it: What’s New Pussy Cat and then they use Beyonce foul mouth and F words and N words to get people to go and vote for her. She even has Obama committing criminal act telling illegals to vote and they won’t get in trouble…that is a felony also. And she uses the Democrats foundation of KKK against Donald when they are using black lives matter group to cause disturbances at our rallies and that black singer using the F and N for every other word during a concert for Hillary herself. She is a hypocrite.She is such a lovely grant mother type person, trash although I am not a fan of Beyoncé either, but I certainly not kiss her backside then trash her! But the kindly lady (NOT) who wants to be our president has no such qualms! She is trash a traitor, liar, thief and many things America does not know about yet!well..believe it or not, that was not racist….I don’t like that music either..torture to have to sit and listen to it…the ONLY thing I agree with hillary onIs that why JayZ thug hit someone as he was leaving?What is so surprising about this?  Just another one of her “hate tactics” to use and abuse for her so called gain.  Minorities wake up!!  Do you really trust a Jezabel like Hillary!Beyonce and Hillary are some of the most racist people I’ve ever seen.. they both deserve each other and I would rather clean a bathroom with a toothbrush than to support either one of them… we do not need her or any of her blackliesmatter clan….We’ve been trying to tell people for months that Hillary hates America!  ALL Americans!  Beyonce, that goes for you, too.  She is an elitist of the worse kind that goes miles beyond racist or bigot.  You should vote Trump.why is beyonce so shocked I thought all trash stuck together, beyonce is just as bad as Hillary so it like the pot calling the kettle black or in this case negro!Corrections: *to not say and do these things*I think this is funny as hell…oh well she gets a  taste the fruits of Hilary Clinton lap it up baby girl aren’t you proud to support such a wonderful women✌No surprise….except to Beyonce.  Maybe now she will understand who Hillary really is behind her lies.  Not a nice woman and she’s only looking for votes.I doubt this story is true. I do however feel that Killary has just been using everyone, especially Black people in this country to get what she wants most in life. I have never felt that her concern for the plight of Black Americans is real. She moved to Harlem to try to prove to them that she accepts them, but it was just a move to become a Senator from NY. I’ll give it to her for keeping to her strategy.  If her record alone isn’t enough to convince people that she and Bill are just two crooks using the system, there’s nothing anyone can say that will change their mind. Barack Obama said it during the race against her,”Hillary Clinton is a liar, a crook, and has never done anything that she’s promised.”  He further stated that she isn’t fit to be president. I truly feel bad for those who are so geared toward their party that they will let Lucifer in the door.When are people going to “get it”? HILLARY CLINTON IS TRASH!!!No one likes the bitch Beyonce so truth is, Hillary gained thousands of votes…This is a clip from the show.Lol Beyonce.. Who cares? She is ghetto trash… Lmfao what did you expect Beyonce? You side with a liar, you get played..Who knows if this is true or not. I’m just surprised that JZ, ( Who seems to be an intelligent man) what allow himself and his wife to be used at the Democratic Party.Hillary Has bleeding hemroids! Cut her some slack… Bleeding hemroids is no laughing matter! If I knew, of a quick remedy, I would put my finger right on it… that would prepare her to be Potis.PLEASE NO MORE CLINTON CARTEL!  THEY WILL DESTROY THE USA AND LEAVE WITH EVEN MORE MONEY. SHES A LYING MURDERING THIEF.As an American citizen I recognize that the 2nd amendment is important but there is one that is greater, the 1st amendment.  By posting this I am expressing my 1st amendment right.  I hope you will be willing to allow me to express my views freely.  Otherwise you are doing exactly what you claim the government is doing. I have removed anything personally offensive to other  readers therefore I don’t see why you wouldn’t allow it.  Thanks in advance.To all the people on the Trump bandwagon, I have this message for you….wake up and use your brain! All of you spewing hatred over a false story. This is ridiculous. Donald Trump has been playing each and every one of you from the very beginning. Feeding off of your fears in order to win your votes. You are the sheep and he the master manipulator. This man can say absolutely anything and still you believe him. As a matter of fact he HAS said just about any and everything and you have believed him. Just like this story he has been caught in several lies throughout this campaign. It’s like he says whatever he feels is going to sway the most people his way regardless of the truth behind it. He changes his stance and position on topics as the wind blows and you blow right along with it. He rants on social media like an immature toddler and has no self-control at 70 years old!! Yes, he has built a real estate empire but that doesn’t mean he can lead this country. Those are two very different things. He is a character, a TV personality whose ego is so big that he wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He doesn’t have what it takes to lead the country. How foolish are all of you for allowing yourselves to fall for this circus? How do you elect a president that is ignorant regarding foreign policy? How as a woman can you elect a president that has no respect for you or your gender and has proven it time and time again? How as a minority (for the few that plan on voting for him) do you back someone who has no regard for you or your race? It’s not about being PC or sensitive to harsh words and rhetoric.  Listen to what he says.  He has told you exactly who and what he is….so believe him.  As a presidential candidate the man has zero substance. His entire campaign is built on tearing others down, spreading fear, and sheer negativity. He doesn’t have real plans for this country. The campaign slogan he uses “Make America Great Again” was stolen from Ronald Reagan. He is taking your most revered Republican figure and using it to his advantage.  He speaks very vaguely, constantly promising that he is going to fix this or that but never saying how. You are fed up with government but yet are willing to elect someone who is doing the same thing you claim politicians do.  You know why he can’t see how he’ll fix it?…because he doesn’t know how and doesn’t plan to. He just wants to be the most powerful man on the planet…that’s his end game and you are so foolishly his puppets helping him complete his goal. Whether conscious or subconscious, many of you are so blinded by your hatred for OUR president (who happens to be black) that you are willing to vote for the most unqualified candidate probably ever.  Like a cunning fox, he strategically changed his viewpoints on several key issues to align himself with the Republican party because it was his best chance of being nominated…AND IT WORKED!!! He’s probably the first non-Republican to be nominated by the Republican party. My fellow Americans what you are doing is an absolute disgrace and it is extremely sad that you have let him get this far and may get him all the way to the White House. You have been manipulated. You have been lied to. You have been hoodwinked and you have been bamboozled. You cherish your 2nd amendment right to bear arms over everything else and have allowed a con artist to take complete advantage of that. Trump won’t “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. He can’t. He knows there’s no greater America than the present version and is trying to take full advantage. Not convinced, well in what other time could a sleazy, racist, tax-evading, TV personality, with tons of money, no moral compass, and fake Christian values become President of the United States?  None.  Someone who has no government experience, little to no understanding of foreign policy, and no regard for the people of this country? There has never been another time.  No time like the present fellow citizens which is why if Trump is elected president America will never be great again but by the time you realize that it will be too late. Congratulations, by attempting to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”, you may have permanently ruined it for our children and for future generations.  Thanks a bunch.Before you get your panties in a wad, I do not mean for this post to sound as though I dislike America. It is a beautiful place with wonderful people.I am trying to figure out how to get away from the amount of control the government has on my life. Sad part is…There isn’t one….hear me out. I have to have money to do all of the things I need to live because somehow we got tricked into believing these papers and coins are powerful. And even if I bought land and did the homestead thing, I still have to pay taxes, but why? And to whom? And what do they do with the money I am paying them? It seems to me, like I’m making a bunch of crazy people rich while I’m left here wondering where I went wrong in life. (I’ll tell you, nowhere . I’m pretty great okay, some not nice things in my past, but this isn’t about that and I was young.)It seems to me like they just keep saying things like, no you don’t need wells anymore drink city water, and a lot of people do. And then they put fluoride in our water! (I won’t even go into the crisis of the Flint, Michigan water, that is still needing repaired, right? Or the recent pipeline problem.) And instead of trying to use cheaper more efficient fuel they continue to build pipelines through our lands that will poison our natural water sources. Not to mention the other tremendous issues ecologically which will result from not finding new ways.While we let them do it to us!But why? If we buy something from somewhere is it not ours? Then who are they to tell us what we can do on the land that we bought from them?! And why do we pay taxes for them to tell us what to do on property we bought from them?!I had a lot more but I lost where I was going, I’m so infuriated and astonished at what is happening all around me. Not just in America, but the world. (and beyond 👻👽)I’m telling you all if we don’t start to unite they will kill us all. More of us can be born and bred until they figure out how to get robots to be their minions.…..they keep telling me that I am free…….but they tell me what I can put in my body……..they tell me that I  am free… but THEY put stuff in MY body I would not and somehow that is okay…they tell me that I am free…..and they force me to pay for something that was not affordable in the first place, but they can give me a number where if I meet poverty level I won’t be forced to pay the fine for not buying the insurance I already could not afford….they tell me that I am free and they will give me everything I need while making it impossible to access or find out any information on anything…they tell me I am free.#WecanbefreeI don’t get a sound bite on this site; however, it was reported (and disputed on several websites) that Killary said: “I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”Is there any hope for our nation with all the liberal cool-aid drinking people hooked on Hillary’s liesREMEMBER, when you vote today, Hillary, the DNC, the Washington & Hollywood Elites, the Media AND the Obama Administration are COUNTING ON your POLITICAL CORRECTNESS, your INDIFFERENCE, AND your IGNORANCE of their CRIMES, MANIPULATIONS AND LIES!!!   It’s TIME for WE THE PEOPLE to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”  I guess Hillary may have some normal traits.STOP all this hate and learn to love each other, if you don’t like what others say take them out of your life, don’t fill it with hate, if there more love in this world this will make it better for everyone, colour is skin deep, under that, we are all the same, our flesh is red with blood, if yours is different then you came from another planet. Give a strange a hug and be kind to each other.Do black people just believe any bs?








During Friday Night’s Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio, Beyonce’ Knowles, known for her liberal ideals and anti-police rhetoric, was performing a free set for the murderous email queen when she suddenly stopped singing. She turned towards the side of the stage where Hillary was standing and said, “You’re in my earpiece.”Clinton, looking surprised, gave a smile and started clapping. Beyonce’ continued her performance but cut it short after just two songs. She was seen storming off stage and leaving the venue in a limousine shortly thereafter.Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-DestroyingA reporter from the local Parma Gazette asked around and found out from a sound tech that Clinton’s lapel mic was hot and all of the staff were listening when she said:“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”The Clinton campaign refused calls for comment and the roadie who gave the original report is now nowhere to be found. Hopefully his life insurance was up to date.It Was Demorats who started the KKK and they never left it. Time for black people to know you have used for over 50 years and you follow like sheepiesThat’s what Beyoncé gets!!!! LMAO  sorry not sorry for loving this!
And Killary can’t even be happy to get a free concert without being so
rude, I thought she needed the black vote? Guess BL don’t M to HRC!!!Paid them $62 million.  Not exactly free!Nothing matters to HRC except HRCLMAO!Actually hitlery paid them 62mil for the “free” concertIs it rude or did Beyonce deserve it like you imply? Can you make up your mind and whatnot or is this Tourettes?That concert wasn’t free. Campaign funds paid them $65,000,000 to jay z and BeyoncéHillary paid Beyon`ce and her husband $62 million to do this concert….it was not for free!!!http://endingthefed.com/clinton-campaign-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z-62-million-for-cleveland-concert-to-secure-black-votes.htmllmao it wasnt free she paid out 65 mil for that last sec concertThe best think that Beyonce can do is to vote for  Trump and let her know it.That will  make her even madder.LMAO….good enough for both of themI want to understand, why did Black Americans stand at attention, while Obama was talking down to them, as if they were part of a Chain Gang, taking orders from their prison guards? I thought people have freedom of choice, not someone elses ideology. Wake up Black America, the Democrats are playing you for your votes. The could give a crap less about your struggles or difficulties.What black people as if you know all black people, as if you know what all black people think or feel. You don’t know that…. Stop with the assumption. We ate not one mind.Hillary’s use of Jay-Z and other entertainers in a feeble attempt of pandering the minority vote demonstrates her / liberals thoughts regarding minority people of the nation.
If you don’t understand this, Think;
Why can’t she bring to you a message of intellectual value with no question in her mind you’ll understand?
She banks on her thoughts of your ignorance to further her agenda.
Non minority supporters of Hillary should be considered racist pigs for condoning her strategies…not sure what you mean?~ well… ur black ass is DEF. one minded, cuz you can not even fkn spell right…(Lol)  All Hail BLM… B*lack  L*azy  M*onkeys….(LMMF*W*AO)Hey Rev. Bill, talk like that is not going to unite this country.  Please, we have to stop the hate.Rev Bill your a jackass. I was a Trump supporter, but I certainly have no animosity toward the black people in our society.“We ate not one mind”  WOW…. LMAOObama is a white liberal anointed ROYALIST CLASS BLACK OVERSEER OF HIS RACE AND IS DOING HIS STEP N FETCH IT DUTIES TO HIS WHITE LIBERAL MASTERS~~~PERIOD!!!The “white liberal masters” are Jews, not white.I believe that roadie has done his last gig. His name was found on 4 ballots this weekhere is a better analysis of Dem/GOP stands on civil rights. phttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/republicans-party-of-civil-rightsAbsolutely true.AMEN!First get your history right. The Democrats were “Dixicrats” when they formed the KKK, and they are now YOUR KKK!  Black people were no part of the Dixicrats!  Don’t try to give us your white supremistthe dems and republicans have switched positions through the years their beleifs at that time would have made  the democrats republicans now so in other woulds the philosophy than is the same as the present day repulicans ill believe this when i hear it fro BeyonceOh the Ole switcharoo huh? Lmao! So Strom Thurman was the whole democratic party huh? He was the only democrat to switch parties during that time! Wow big switch huh? SMDHHe beyonce there s time to vote TRUMP!I agree!!Time to makes America great again! Vote for Trump!Don’t be fooled you fool. You and your family was poor then, too.Hilly is nothing but trash! I do not see why the Hollywood set are into her when she just uses them for their money and her gain!
Wonder what she says about them when they are not around?Because they are involved in the Illuminati also.The Hollywood set follows Hillary because they live in the same elitist world Hillsry does.  They are completely out of touch with the reality we live in. They are blind to the hypocrisy and corruption in the Democratic Party because it doesn’t touch them.Exactly!idk why she would think she is any different than all the others they use and then toss aside like yesterdays garbage…smdh….i thought she was supposed to be so dam smart….HA….guess that was a lie tooTheir Sheeple, and Killary was probably loaded again!!!Their sheeple? Whose sheeple? Trump or Hillary?Money… They’re paid!Hollywood is owned by Zionists. Just like Hillary.I am a Zionist and I am for Trump!!!I don’t think you understand the term zionist.   “a movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.”Hillary Clinton is definitely NOT in favor of the Jewish nation prospering in their own land no matter what drivel comes out of her mouth.You are full of crap.  She is owned by Soros who hates Israel and Zionists!!!
Get educated!Seriously, get your facts straight, before sending it all out into the population
. The Devil aka, Illuminati,  owns alot of the souls of Actors. Musicians and such.. they sell their souls to the Evil doers and then the become actors , musicians etc. Makes me sick… Obama had a bunch of them to the white house just recently and gave them medals of some sort,  check it out , Obama , Clinton’s,  Soros and some top politicians  in power are all part of this Sick Society of Satan worshippers and child molesters….They are hoping for favors or the ability to rent a night in the Lincoln Bedroom!Because like her, most of those in Hollywood HAVE NO MORALS!When will people learn that the Clintons’ are nothing but users?  They have no respect for anyone,  They use these celebrites to get votes and then talk trash about them.  Sickening..I agreeHope this post opens up the truth of who Clinton really is and what she stands for..HERSELF!Vote Trump..he has your back and your interests too, and will put our America FIRST!!I HOPE BEYONCE  WILL TELL EVERYONE WHAT WAS SAID IT HAD TO HURT HER BAD I AM SOORY FOR BEYONCEI bet, that this would upset Obama and Michelle…Jay-Z is their best friends…Sorry for Beyonce. She doesn’t deserve Respect after what she has said about all Law EnforcementAMEN! She is trash!Yes she took advantage of the superbowl and made her agenda one of hate and violence
She and her dance team were paying homage to The black panthers who are nothing but hate and destruction.Sorry for that police trashing pos! No, nope, I can’t stand the way she acts and what she stands for. As far as Clinton, does this crap actually surprise anybody? She is simple white trash and all she cares about is Hillary and the All Mighty Dollar.I am NOT one bit sorry for Beyoncé! She has been dumb enough to follow that  heating, killing, lying old bat! She should know Hillary is a back-stabber!Ummm, hello! Bernie Sanders got paid hush money. It will be interesting to see how they compensate Beyoncé to keep her quiet. Trump 2016!62 mi!!ion so farBeyonce’ and JZ actually $62,000,000f fir that twi sing ‘concert’ . To draw in tbe black Vote!!Well, when you play with s**t you are going to get it on you. Hope Beyoncé learned from it. Clintons are white trash users.To hell with Beyoncé! That’s what you get for supporting a back stabbing criminal! “F” the clintonsI’M not surprised.  Beyonce is a adequate singer, her dress? is questionable.
I  wouldn’t take b a FREE CD OF HER CRAP MUSICTwo worthless creatures  cut from the same cloth ha haha.How much money did it cost Beyoncé to be there?  That was one expensive lesson.Nothing! She was paid for that. Wonder if 62m is enough to take the beating from hrc words68 million each her and JzHer TRUE side will come out ! !I think it did come out with that comment! She’s a hypocrite!!! And liar and conartist! The epitome of con games!!!Her true side IS out!I just it doesn’t come too late.No surprise Beyonce…please stop following her Hillary and Obama think they are the masters of destruction of theUSA she is using you allllll …Under her watch people are getting seriiusly hurt ..physically.
Please Vote TrumpIt shows Hillary’s hypocrisy, but Beyonce does sing trash.If this is true, it’s a huge beatdown for the Hildabeast! If Beyonce talks about it, or any of the staff that heard her, that’ll blow her black voter bloc right out if the water!and that would be a blessing for sure….#VOTETRUMPHow did you come to that conclusion? Not all black people follow Beyonce.——-  BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HER —– LIKE WE KNOW  (HER)I have kknow her the entire time of her career she has failed at everything she done she got a rapist off through corruption and has done nothing but corruption and sick twisted things her whole life she has sold out the Bengazhi men lives to this very election with nothing but corruption satanic cult to the very selling out of her kid yeah I know killary and I know about the coup of our government that was just countercoup to take her down with all her sick things she has done to America and it’s people.Is anyone Surprised . they don’t care who they useOutstanding  comment! !How can I join your group! I think exactly as u do and want to save this great country from idiot liberals!!!If you are a”deplorable conservative no matter what race or color”Welcome a board!We Deploables stand with TRUMP!!!vote for Trump. It has never been the people campaign, it has been for the ultra wealthy. She has openly said that she is going to raise taxes on us. Obamacare is going up… a lot. They plan to make us a poor 3rd world country. Donald hopes to repair what the last 24 years have done. I hope you can help us give him a chance.Well bouncy when will you and your moronic friends get it ? HILLARY AND BILL don’t like niggas and Jews they are only a means to an end !!!!!!!!They don’t like Catholics eitherOr AmericansGot that right..all of you…Totally uncalled forAmerica will be sold out,the hour is at hand,and she has already turned Her back on God and the only thing left is judgementThe bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like the is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your  eyes  you still have time to save yourselves .The bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like She is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your eyes you still have time to save yourselves .The Clintons are evil ungodly pos…   Moses led his people (slaves) out of bondage of Egypt and AFTER he parted the waters and let GOD’S persecuted people thru, GOD let waters flow back and kill the bad guys that had enslaved God/Moses people.  Clintons just wanted Beyonce to get black people vote before they let the waters come back through.  They are the bad guysKevin, you make a good point! Let’s hope her users open their eyes if they haven’t already voted for the Queen!Now maybe she will see Trump is the best choice Killarney is TRASHHow much were you paid?Hollywood is the straw that stirs the drink for TRAsH LIKE the Clintons, Obama and George SarosYeah, my bro and I was there. That look in Beyonce eye boyee dat shit was NASTY at HILLARY!Gave her the stink eye and stank face!!HEY YOU NEED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW IT WAS TRUE SO THEY DON’T VOTE FOR hILLARY THAT WAS WRONG WHAT SHE SAID ABOUT BEYONCEAnd that ladies and gentlemen is a racist that wants to be your President. Wake up folks and vote Trump.is there video of this?Can’t seem to find one. Which song was it?I hope this is true. Would love to watch the libtardian left  tearing themselves apart…..And this is to prove what? There is no audio or video evidence to corroborate the story. Just a right wing “reporter” (and I use that term loosely)  with a fantastical story idea which isn’t original. Simply took what happened with Trump and his hot mic (whice had evidence) and trying to turn it on Clinton. This isn’t news. It’s fallacy, and not done well at all. Lazy reporting.You’re one of those idiots, believe everything they say about Trump but all the dirt on Hillary is just right-wing blather and lies. I’ll hit you up next time I need to count sheep.HAHAHAAnd what evidence do you have that it’s false? Beyonce did stop in the song and Beyonce did take after only two songs without further adieu. So you don’t believe this story but rather have Hillary make a fool out of youDo you know all or just can’t stand the truth? Wise up , Clinton is a user , she got caught , it’s not the first time.But it’s like something she would say!!Daniel, maybe its time to pull your head out of your ass!Beyonce, tell me she did not!  I don’t put nothing pass
 the Really Rottens!!!! sorry mf’s!I see any (polite) dissenting comment gets held for moderation then deleted. How liberal of you.Just hadn’t been moderated yet. We have a small team.Really? Because I’ve read several already.Sorry this is b.s. I watched the show and nobody stormed off stage Beyonce was hugging Hilary and handed her the mic before kissing her and calmy walked off stage with her husband. It’s amazing the roadie couldn’t be found after his bogus claim!That’s what i saw on the video…I’d be glad for someone to provide video evidence to the contrary!!She hasn’t learned to keep her big mouth shut yet.But Beyoncé still preformed her services for the racist murderer without defending her music or her people didn’t she.For once Hillary was being truthful! Why was the pole dancer even there?Well that’s one time she didn’t lieHaha. So true!she and her subservient  ilk always been  slaves for fat*ss clinton and that ain’t gonna change.She uses Ppl. like no one else !.She hates Minorities until election day !In the Beyonce story, don’t mean to be picky but correct spelling is WHOAWell it surely is crap pseudo music.There ya go!  Just goes to show you Beyonce that you are just another Negro to her even if you sold your soul to the devilI doubt it is true.Done you twos heard it and was you two sittin to gether?How many times does this have to happen before they realize the ruthless person they are bowing and scraping too..about time they find out.So damn funny and fitting! Maybe now these”artists”and I use the term loosely,will finally realize what a piece of scum Hillery is.I can’t stand Hillary, but let’s not be like her and the Dem’s media, I want to hear her own voice saying these things. any person of reasonable intelligence in either party, should want to see & hear real proof of wrong doing.AgreeWow what a ungrateful witch !! There is something wrong with her, she is fake as hell.MAYBE PEOPLE WILL START REALIZING HILLARY DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THEM….IT’S ALL FOR HER POLITICAL GAIN AND SHE WILL SAY AND DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!  WE CANNOT HAVE HER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN!!!!The Clintons have,always been for themselves. All the money in the Clinton Foundation  was put there by donors,TO the Clintons for a “charityfoundation” ..which turns out the money from the Foundation is used as their personal “bank account” to use the money for their own family…Busted as the hypocritical, pathological-psychotic thief and traitor she is.THAT WAS THE REAL HILLARY,THE BLACK COMMUNITY HAS BEEN KIDDING IT’S SELF FOR DECADES THINKING THE DEMOCRATS WERE WITH THEM , FOR THEM. DEMOCRATS ARE WHAT BLACKS SHOULD CALL THE ANTI-AMERICAN RACIST PARTY. THE D.N.C. HAS HAD A HATETRED FOR BLACKS FOR 150 YRS AND WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP THEM UNDER THEIR THUMP AND DOWN ON THE PLANTATION. IT’S TIME FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY TO PULL THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS OUT OF THE SAND AND TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL DEMOCRATS, ‘CAUSE IF THEY DON’T THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT #’S WILL EXPLODE  AND POVERTY WILL EXPLODE….THAT’S DEMOCRAT BIG GOVERNMENT CONTROL. CLINTON IS BIG GOVERNMENT ,IS AN ELITIST,IS A RACIST,AND DID TAKE CAMPAIGN FUNDS FROM THEIR BABY THE K.K.K. FREEDOM FROM DEMOCTAT CONTROL IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP.Pop diesel..agree with your post 100%!!  Ok if we borrow it and share??So Jay Z and Beyonce conduct a FREE concert for Hillary Clinton.. Hum.. Yet Donald Trump stands alone with JUST his 15,000 supporters, who came for JUST Trump.. no help form the so called “star power”!! And let’s not forget his republican party.. Talk about weak!!
I personally find it very insulting that Hillary Clinton thinks so low of the black community, she plays them for a fool and thinks they are down right stupid! I hope you all enjoyed the FREE concert she supplied you with. Because that ALL she will do for you!
Think about this, Hillary Clinton thinks that the only way black people will ever understand the election process and the fact that they should even vote, period…is to use the words FREE and WELFARE. Hillary has purposely bound a large percentage of the black community in a vice, locked them down and they are under her sick control!
GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!! DON’T BELIEVE THE SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN THEY SAY “THERE IS NO WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN, HE HAS A NARROW PATH” it’s all mind control.. they want us to feel there is no point to go out and vote if SHE is going to win anyway!! GO OUT AND VOTE!!! Bring your family and friends, tell your coworkers to through their kids in the mini van and get to the polls!!
Beyonce.. put that fist up.. you know, the one you display so proudly in honor for the black panthers.. and punch yourself right in the mouth with it!
Whoever your voting for just GO VOTE!!I agree, Missy.  Free stuff.  I saw a clip from the show and Hillary was yet again offensive after JZ and his crew did a horrific, violent rap that called women bitches and hoes and talk about drugs and killin niggas – oh yes, and hoes.  She was euphoric as she clapped at the end shouting happily, “THIS IS YOU, AMERICA!  THIS IS WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT!” All the people clapped and shouted approval.  Really people?  She likes to pander to black people with a tremendous disconnect.  She actually believes black people are all gangsta… and ignorant.
Meanwhile, Trump STILL had more people at his rallies without free food and free concert tickets.  I hope those people had a good time and then vote trump anyway.Even Left lib’d can’t say it’s ok for what Hillary did! Truthful who the hell want a EVIL👺LYING MURERING WITCH I’ll NEVER FORGET BENGHAZI!She is always flapping her yap! Why more people haven’t caught on is beyond me?  I find it rather amusing, how stupid her minions truly are…Why there isn’t more truth from HRC’s *#@&^%! garbage gutter mouth???  It’s because HilLiarY does not allow anyone in her presence to have a cell phone.http://www.mediazone.news/index.php/2016/11/04/every-american-will-
salute-with-pride-nypd-announces-they-are-preparing-to-arrest-
hillary-clinton-on-pedophilia-and-treason-charges/#comment-1385Let’s get on with it!Clinton doesn’t even know how NOT to bite a gift horse in the mouth!! What a stupid, arrogant, hateful person – couldn’t she have just enjoyed the show?The real Hillary just opened her racist bigoted mouth. Go figure!Ooops, the only time Hillary doesn’t lie is when she thinks no one is listening.Go 4 it .Hillary will bust it wide openThey deserved each other .You and your man are always welcome on the Trump train!!!! We one big happy family!! No we are not racist!!Hillary is smarter than B…and Z….But not T…Trump….the blacks have heard Hillary say racist things …they are stupid FOR supporting her.Where is the video showing this. .. young voters don’t realize that she is a Grand Puba Princess  the KKK. . Her mentor was bird. They Democratic Party has been the one for over a hundred years keeping people enslaved and that’s what your welfare is.House keeper printing classified emails and Clinton has good judgement.! Go figure.Does this surprise anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well it is ghetto directed trash music.  Clinton knows how to fuk things up. LolHILLARY IS SO UGLY AND  SHE WOULD NOT BE THE PRESIDENT THAT WE NEED.thank you..I would love to be the Hangman for Her and Bill Clinton!LOL how stupid..she gets bustedas always, killary will get a free pass.
liberals are nothing if not unified. they hate each other behind closed doors, but they march in lockstep to vote.This is proof I’ll be voting Green Party!!
The LORD is in control!!I don’t care for Beyonce or her music but have enough class to never say something like that whether anyone could hear me or not!Hillary is a failure even at her own eventsShe is just as racist as Beyonce.Oh God, her private persona has been leaked again.  I hate when that happens.  She just messed with the Queen B.DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON HILLARHOID, SHE’LL CUT YOUR THROAT, OR STOP PUTTING YOUR MONEY IN HER POCKET SHE’LL TAKE YOU DOWN SOME WAY.Gotta love it!She is a hypocrite right along with Michelle Obama. They are offended by the People’s Choice for President Donald Trump’s locker room word Pussy and yet Tom Jones sings it: What’s New Pussy Cat and then they use Beyonce foul mouth and F words and N words to get people to go and vote for her. She even has Obama committing criminal act telling illegals to vote and they won’t get in trouble…that is a felony also. And she uses the Democrats foundation of KKK against Donald when they are using black lives matter group to cause disturbances at our rallies and that black singer using the F and N for every other word during a concert for Hillary herself. She is a hypocrite.She is such a lovely grant mother type person, trash although I am not a fan of Beyoncé either, but I certainly not kiss her backside then trash her! But the kindly lady (NOT) who wants to be our president has no such qualms! She is trash a traitor, liar, thief and many things America does not know about yet!well..believe it or not, that was not racist….I don’t like that music either..torture to have to sit and listen to it…the ONLY thing I agree with hillary onIs that why JayZ thug hit someone as he was leaving?What is so surprising about this?  Just another one of her “hate tactics” to use and abuse for her so called gain.  Minorities wake up!!  Do you really trust a Jezabel like Hillary!Beyonce and Hillary are some of the most racist people I’ve ever seen.. they both deserve each other and I would rather clean a bathroom with a toothbrush than to support either one of them… we do not need her or any of her blackliesmatter clan….We’ve been trying to tell people for months that Hillary hates America!  ALL Americans!  Beyonce, that goes for you, too.  She is an elitist of the worse kind that goes miles beyond racist or bigot.  You should vote Trump.why is beyonce so shocked I thought all trash stuck together, beyonce is just as bad as Hillary so it like the pot calling the kettle black or in this case negro!Corrections: *to not say and do these things*I think this is funny as hell…oh well she gets a  taste the fruits of Hilary Clinton lap it up baby girl aren’t you proud to support such a wonderful women✌No surprise….except to Beyonce.  Maybe now she will understand who Hillary really is behind her lies.  Not a nice woman and she’s only looking for votes.I doubt this story is true. I do however feel that Killary has just been using everyone, especially Black people in this country to get what she wants most in life. I have never felt that her concern for the plight of Black Americans is real. She moved to Harlem to try to prove to them that she accepts them, but it was just a move to become a Senator from NY. I’ll give it to her for keeping to her strategy.  If her record alone isn’t enough to convince people that she and Bill are just two crooks using the system, there’s nothing anyone can say that will change their mind. Barack Obama said it during the race against her,”Hillary Clinton is a liar, a crook, and has never done anything that she’s promised.”  He further stated that she isn’t fit to be president. I truly feel bad for those who are so geared toward their party that they will let Lucifer in the door.When are people going to “get it”? HILLARY CLINTON IS TRASH!!!No one likes the bitch Beyonce so truth is, Hillary gained thousands of votes…This is a clip from the show.Lol Beyonce.. Who cares? She is ghetto trash… Lmfao what did you expect Beyonce? You side with a liar, you get played..Who knows if this is true or not. I’m just surprised that JZ, ( Who seems to be an intelligent man) what allow himself and his wife to be used at the Democratic Party.Hillary Has bleeding hemroids! Cut her some slack… Bleeding hemroids is no laughing matter! If I knew, of a quick remedy, I would put my finger right on it… that would prepare her to be Potis.PLEASE NO MORE CLINTON CARTEL!  THEY WILL DESTROY THE USA AND LEAVE WITH EVEN MORE MONEY. SHES A LYING MURDERING THIEF.As an American citizen I recognize that the 2nd amendment is important but there is one that is greater, the 1st amendment.  By posting this I am expressing my 1st amendment right.  I hope you will be willing to allow me to express my views freely.  Otherwise you are doing exactly what you claim the government is doing. I have removed anything personally offensive to other  readers therefore I don’t see why you wouldn’t allow it.  Thanks in advance.To all the people on the Trump bandwagon, I have this message for you….wake up and use your brain! All of you spewing hatred over a false story. This is ridiculous. Donald Trump has been playing each and every one of you from the very beginning. Feeding off of your fears in order to win your votes. You are the sheep and he the master manipulator. This man can say absolutely anything and still you believe him. As a matter of fact he HAS said just about any and everything and you have believed him. Just like this story he has been caught in several lies throughout this campaign. It’s like he says whatever he feels is going to sway the most people his way regardless of the truth behind it. He changes his stance and position on topics as the wind blows and you blow right along with it. He rants on social media like an immature toddler and has no self-control at 70 years old!! Yes, he has built a real estate empire but that doesn’t mean he can lead this country. Those are two very different things. He is a character, a TV personality whose ego is so big that he wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He doesn’t have what it takes to lead the country. How foolish are all of you for allowing yourselves to fall for this circus? How do you elect a president that is ignorant regarding foreign policy? How as a woman can you elect a president that has no respect for you or your gender and has proven it time and time again? How as a minority (for the few that plan on voting for him) do you back someone who has no regard for you or your race? It’s not about being PC or sensitive to harsh words and rhetoric.  Listen to what he says.  He has told you exactly who and what he is….so believe him.  As a presidential candidate the man has zero substance. His entire campaign is built on tearing others down, spreading fear, and sheer negativity. He doesn’t have real plans for this country. The campaign slogan he uses “Make America Great Again” was stolen from Ronald Reagan. He is taking your most revered Republican figure and using it to his advantage.  He speaks very vaguely, constantly promising that he is going to fix this or that but never saying how. You are fed up with government but yet are willing to elect someone who is doing the same thing you claim politicians do.  You know why he can’t see how he’ll fix it?…because he doesn’t know how and doesn’t plan to. He just wants to be the most powerful man on the planet…that’s his end game and you are so foolishly his puppets helping him complete his goal. Whether conscious or subconscious, many of you are so blinded by your hatred for OUR president (who happens to be black) that you are willing to vote for the most unqualified candidate probably ever.  Like a cunning fox, he strategically changed his viewpoints on several key issues to align himself with the Republican party because it was his best chance of being nominated…AND IT WORKED!!! He’s probably the first non-Republican to be nominated by the Republican party. My fellow Americans what you are doing is an absolute disgrace and it is extremely sad that you have let him get this far and may get him all the way to the White House. You have been manipulated. You have been lied to. You have been hoodwinked and you have been bamboozled. You cherish your 2nd amendment right to bear arms over everything else and have allowed a con artist to take complete advantage of that. Trump won’t “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. He can’t. He knows there’s no greater America than the present version and is trying to take full advantage. Not convinced, well in what other time could a sleazy, racist, tax-evading, TV personality, with tons of money, no moral compass, and fake Christian values become President of the United States?  None.  Someone who has no government experience, little to no understanding of foreign policy, and no regard for the people of this country? There has never been another time.  No time like the present fellow citizens which is why if Trump is elected president America will never be great again but by the time you realize that it will be too late. Congratulations, by attempting to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”, you may have permanently ruined it for our children and for future generations.  Thanks a bunch.Before you get your panties in a wad, I do not mean for this post to sound as though I dislike America. It is a beautiful place with wonderful people.I am trying to figure out how to get away from the amount of control the government has on my life. Sad part is…There isn’t one….hear me out. I have to have money to do all of the things I need to live because somehow we got tricked into believing these papers and coins are powerful. And even if I bought land and did the homestead thing, I still have to pay taxes, but why? And to whom? And what do they do with the money I am paying them? It seems to me, like I’m making a bunch of crazy people rich while I’m left here wondering where I went wrong in life. (I’ll tell you, nowhere . I’m pretty great okay, some not nice things in my past, but this isn’t about that and I was young.)It seems to me like they just keep saying things like, no you don’t need wells anymore drink city water, and a lot of people do. And then they put fluoride in our water! (I won’t even go into the crisis of the Flint, Michigan water, that is still needing repaired, right? Or the recent pipeline problem.) And instead of trying to use cheaper more efficient fuel they continue to build pipelines through our lands that will poison our natural water sources. Not to mention the other tremendous issues ecologically which will result from not finding new ways.While we let them do it to us!But why? If we buy something from somewhere is it not ours? Then who are they to tell us what we can do on the land that we bought from them?! And why do we pay taxes for them to tell us what to do on property we bought from them?!I had a lot more but I lost where I was going, I’m so infuriated and astonished at what is happening all around me. Not just in America, but the world. (and beyond 👻👽)I’m telling you all if we don’t start to unite they will kill us all. More of us can be born and bred until they figure out how to get robots to be their minions.…..they keep telling me that I am free…….but they tell me what I can put in my body……..they tell me that I  am free… but THEY put stuff in MY body I would not and somehow that is okay…they tell me that I am free…..and they force me to pay for something that was not affordable in the first place, but they can give me a number where if I meet poverty level I won’t be forced to pay the fine for not buying the insurance I already could not afford….they tell me that I am free and they will give me everything I need while making it impossible to access or find out any information on anything…they tell me I am free.#WecanbefreeI don’t get a sound bite on this site; however, it was reported (and disputed on several websites) that Killary said: “I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”Is there any hope for our nation with all the liberal cool-aid drinking people hooked on Hillary’s liesREMEMBER, when you vote today, Hillary, the DNC, the Washington & Hollywood Elites, the Media AND the Obama Administration are COUNTING ON your POLITICAL CORRECTNESS, your INDIFFERENCE, AND your IGNORANCE of their CRIMES, MANIPULATIONS AND LIES!!!   It’s TIME for WE THE PEOPLE to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”  I guess Hillary may have some normal traits.STOP all this hate and learn to love each other, if you don’t like what others say take them out of your life, don’t fill it with hate, if there more love in this world this will make it better for everyone, colour is skin deep, under that, we are all the same, our flesh is red with blood, if yours is different then you came from another planet. Give a strange a hug and be kind to each other.Do black people just believe any bs?








During Friday Night’s Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio, Beyonce’ Knowles, known for her liberal ideals and anti-police rhetoric, was performing a free set for the murderous email queen when she suddenly stopped singing. She turned towards the side of the stage where Hillary was standing and said, “You’re in my earpiece.”Clinton, looking surprised, gave a smile and started clapping. Beyonce’ continued her performance but cut it short after just two songs. She was seen storming off stage and leaving the venue in a limousine shortly thereafter.Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-DestroyingA reporter from the local Parma Gazette asked around and found out from a sound tech that Clinton’s lapel mic was hot and all of the staff were listening when she said:“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”The Clinton campaign refused calls for comment and the roadie who gave the original report is now nowhere to be found. Hopefully his life insurance was up to date.It Was Demorats who started the KKK and they never left it. Time for black people to know you have used for over 50 years and you follow like sheepiesThat’s what Beyoncé gets!!!! LMAO  sorry not sorry for loving this!
And Killary can’t even be happy to get a free concert without being so
rude, I thought she needed the black vote? Guess BL don’t M to HRC!!!Paid them $62 million.  Not exactly free!Nothing matters to HRC except HRCLMAO!Actually hitlery paid them 62mil for the “free” concertIs it rude or did Beyonce deserve it like you imply? Can you make up your mind and whatnot or is this Tourettes?That concert wasn’t free. Campaign funds paid them $65,000,000 to jay z and BeyoncéHillary paid Beyon`ce and her husband $62 million to do this concert….it was not for free!!!http://endingthefed.com/clinton-campaign-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z-62-million-for-cleveland-concert-to-secure-black-votes.htmllmao it wasnt free she paid out 65 mil for that last sec concertThe best think that Beyonce can do is to vote for  Trump and let her know it.That will  make her even madder.LMAO….good enough for both of themI want to understand, why did Black Americans stand at attention, while Obama was talking down to them, as if they were part of a Chain Gang, taking orders from their prison guards? I thought people have freedom of choice, not someone elses ideology. Wake up Black America, the Democrats are playing you for your votes. The could give a crap less about your struggles or difficulties.What black people as if you know all black people, as if you know what all black people think or feel. You don’t know that…. Stop with the assumption. We ate not one mind.Hillary’s use of Jay-Z and other entertainers in a feeble attempt of pandering the minority vote demonstrates her / liberals thoughts regarding minority people of the nation.
If you don’t understand this, Think;
Why can’t she bring to you a message of intellectual value with no question in her mind you’ll understand?
She banks on her thoughts of your ignorance to further her agenda.
Non minority supporters of Hillary should be considered racist pigs for condoning her strategies…not sure what you mean?~ well… ur black ass is DEF. one minded, cuz you can not even fkn spell right…(Lol)  All Hail BLM… B*lack  L*azy  M*onkeys….(LMMF*W*AO)Hey Rev. Bill, talk like that is not going to unite this country.  Please, we have to stop the hate.Rev Bill your a jackass. I was a Trump supporter, but I certainly have no animosity toward the black people in our society.“We ate not one mind”  WOW…. LMAOObama is a white liberal anointed ROYALIST CLASS BLACK OVERSEER OF HIS RACE AND IS DOING HIS STEP N FETCH IT DUTIES TO HIS WHITE LIBERAL MASTERS~~~PERIOD!!!The “white liberal masters” are Jews, not white.I believe that roadie has done his last gig. His name was found on 4 ballots this weekhere is a better analysis of Dem/GOP stands on civil rights. phttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/28/republicans-party-of-civil-rightsAbsolutely true.AMEN!First get your history right. The Democrats were “Dixicrats” when they formed the KKK, and they are now YOUR KKK!  Black people were no part of the Dixicrats!  Don’t try to give us your white supremistthe dems and republicans have switched positions through the years their beleifs at that time would have made  the democrats republicans now so in other woulds the philosophy than is the same as the present day repulicans ill believe this when i hear it fro BeyonceOh the Ole switcharoo huh? Lmao! So Strom Thurman was the whole democratic party huh? He was the only democrat to switch parties during that time! Wow big switch huh? SMDHHe beyonce there s time to vote TRUMP!I agree!!Time to makes America great again! Vote for Trump!Don’t be fooled you fool. You and your family was poor then, too.Hilly is nothing but trash! I do not see why the Hollywood set are into her when she just uses them for their money and her gain!
Wonder what she says about them when they are not around?Because they are involved in the Illuminati also.The Hollywood set follows Hillary because they live in the same elitist world Hillsry does.  They are completely out of touch with the reality we live in. They are blind to the hypocrisy and corruption in the Democratic Party because it doesn’t touch them.Exactly!idk why she would think she is any different than all the others they use and then toss aside like yesterdays garbage…smdh….i thought she was supposed to be so dam smart….HA….guess that was a lie tooTheir Sheeple, and Killary was probably loaded again!!!Their sheeple? Whose sheeple? Trump or Hillary?Money… They’re paid!Hollywood is owned by Zionists. Just like Hillary.I am a Zionist and I am for Trump!!!I don’t think you understand the term zionist.   “a movement for (originally) the re-establishment and (now) the development and protection of a Jewish nation in what is now Israel. It was established as a political organization in 1897 under Theodor Herzl, and was later led by Chaim Weizmann.”Hillary Clinton is definitely NOT in favor of the Jewish nation prospering in their own land no matter what drivel comes out of her mouth.You are full of crap.  She is owned by Soros who hates Israel and Zionists!!!
Get educated!Seriously, get your facts straight, before sending it all out into the population
. The Devil aka, Illuminati,  owns alot of the souls of Actors. Musicians and such.. they sell their souls to the Evil doers and then the become actors , musicians etc. Makes me sick… Obama had a bunch of them to the white house just recently and gave them medals of some sort,  check it out , Obama , Clinton’s,  Soros and some top politicians  in power are all part of this Sick Society of Satan worshippers and child molesters….They are hoping for favors or the ability to rent a night in the Lincoln Bedroom!Because like her, most of those in Hollywood HAVE NO MORALS!When will people learn that the Clintons’ are nothing but users?  They have no respect for anyone,  They use these celebrites to get votes and then talk trash about them.  Sickening..I agreeHope this post opens up the truth of who Clinton really is and what she stands for..HERSELF!Vote Trump..he has your back and your interests too, and will put our America FIRST!!I HOPE BEYONCE  WILL TELL EVERYONE WHAT WAS SAID IT HAD TO HURT HER BAD I AM SOORY FOR BEYONCEI bet, that this would upset Obama and Michelle…Jay-Z is their best friends…Sorry for Beyonce. She doesn’t deserve Respect after what she has said about all Law EnforcementAMEN! She is trash!Yes she took advantage of the superbowl and made her agenda one of hate and violence
She and her dance team were paying homage to The black panthers who are nothing but hate and destruction.Sorry for that police trashing pos! No, nope, I can’t stand the way she acts and what she stands for. As far as Clinton, does this crap actually surprise anybody? She is simple white trash and all she cares about is Hillary and the All Mighty Dollar.I am NOT one bit sorry for Beyoncé! She has been dumb enough to follow that  heating, killing, lying old bat! She should know Hillary is a back-stabber!Ummm, hello! Bernie Sanders got paid hush money. It will be interesting to see how they compensate Beyoncé to keep her quiet. Trump 2016!62 mi!!ion so farBeyonce’ and JZ actually $62,000,000f fir that twi sing ‘concert’ . To draw in tbe black Vote!!Well, when you play with s**t you are going to get it on you. Hope Beyoncé learned from it. Clintons are white trash users.To hell with Beyoncé! That’s what you get for supporting a back stabbing criminal! “F” the clintonsI’M not surprised.  Beyonce is a adequate singer, her dress? is questionable.
I  wouldn’t take b a FREE CD OF HER CRAP MUSICTwo worthless creatures  cut from the same cloth ha haha.How much money did it cost Beyoncé to be there?  That was one expensive lesson.Nothing! She was paid for that. Wonder if 62m is enough to take the beating from hrc words68 million each her and JzHer TRUE side will come out ! !I think it did come out with that comment! She’s a hypocrite!!! And liar and conartist! The epitome of con games!!!Her true side IS out!I just it doesn’t come too late.No surprise Beyonce…please stop following her Hillary and Obama think they are the masters of destruction of theUSA she is using you allllll …Under her watch people are getting seriiusly hurt ..physically.
Please Vote TrumpIt shows Hillary’s hypocrisy, but Beyonce does sing trash.If this is true, it’s a huge beatdown for the Hildabeast! If Beyonce talks about it, or any of the staff that heard her, that’ll blow her black voter bloc right out if the water!and that would be a blessing for sure….#VOTETRUMPHow did you come to that conclusion? Not all black people follow Beyonce.——-  BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HER —– LIKE WE KNOW  (HER)I have kknow her the entire time of her career she has failed at everything she done she got a rapist off through corruption and has done nothing but corruption and sick twisted things her whole life she has sold out the Bengazhi men lives to this very election with nothing but corruption satanic cult to the very selling out of her kid yeah I know killary and I know about the coup of our government that was just countercoup to take her down with all her sick things she has done to America and it’s people.Is anyone Surprised . they don’t care who they useOutstanding  comment! !How can I join your group! I think exactly as u do and want to save this great country from idiot liberals!!!If you are a”deplorable conservative no matter what race or color”Welcome a board!We Deploables stand with TRUMP!!!vote for Trump. It has never been the people campaign, it has been for the ultra wealthy. She has openly said that she is going to raise taxes on us. Obamacare is going up… a lot. They plan to make us a poor 3rd world country. Donald hopes to repair what the last 24 years have done. I hope you can help us give him a chance.Well bouncy when will you and your moronic friends get it ? HILLARY AND BILL don’t like niggas and Jews they are only a means to an end !!!!!!!!They don’t like Catholics eitherOr AmericansGot that right..all of you…Totally uncalled forAmerica will be sold out,the hour is at hand,and she has already turned Her back on God and the only thing left is judgementThe bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like the is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your  eyes  you still have time to save yourselves .The bitch is as racist as can be .but the total ignorant will still follow her like She is parting the red sea .Just remember you followers of hillary like Moses she will let the water drown you once she is done with your ass You will have no one to blame but yourself open your eyes you still have time to save yourselves .The Clintons are evil ungodly pos…   Moses led his people (slaves) out of bondage of Egypt and AFTER he parted the waters and let GOD’S persecuted people thru, GOD let waters flow back and kill the bad guys that had enslaved God/Moses people.  Clintons just wanted Beyonce to get black people vote before they let the waters come back through.  They are the bad guysKevin, you make a good point! Let’s hope her users open their eyes if they haven’t already voted for the Queen!Now maybe she will see Trump is the best choice Killarney is TRASHHow much were you paid?Hollywood is the straw that stirs the drink for TRAsH LIKE the Clintons, Obama and George SarosYeah, my bro and I was there. That look in Beyonce eye boyee dat shit was NASTY at HILLARY!Gave her the stink eye and stank face!!HEY YOU NEED TO LET PEOPLE KNOW IT WAS TRUE SO THEY DON’T VOTE FOR hILLARY THAT WAS WRONG WHAT SHE SAID ABOUT BEYONCEAnd that ladies and gentlemen is a racist that wants to be your President. Wake up folks and vote Trump.is there video of this?Can’t seem to find one. Which song was it?I hope this is true. Would love to watch the libtardian left  tearing themselves apart…..And this is to prove what? There is no audio or video evidence to corroborate the story. Just a right wing “reporter” (and I use that term loosely)  with a fantastical story idea which isn’t original. Simply took what happened with Trump and his hot mic (whice had evidence) and trying to turn it on Clinton. This isn’t news. It’s fallacy, and not done well at all. Lazy reporting.You’re one of those idiots, believe everything they say about Trump but all the dirt on Hillary is just right-wing blather and lies. I’ll hit you up next time I need to count sheep.HAHAHAAnd what evidence do you have that it’s false? Beyonce did stop in the song and Beyonce did take after only two songs without further adieu. So you don’t believe this story but rather have Hillary make a fool out of youDo you know all or just can’t stand the truth? Wise up , Clinton is a user , she got caught , it’s not the first time.But it’s like something she would say!!Daniel, maybe its time to pull your head out of your ass!Beyonce, tell me she did not!  I don’t put nothing pass
 the Really Rottens!!!! sorry mf’s!I see any (polite) dissenting comment gets held for moderation then deleted. How liberal of you.Just hadn’t been moderated yet. We have a small team.Really? Because I’ve read several already.Sorry this is b.s. I watched the show and nobody stormed off stage Beyonce was hugging Hilary and handed her the mic before kissing her and calmy walked off stage with her husband. It’s amazing the roadie couldn’t be found after his bogus claim!That’s what i saw on the video…I’d be glad for someone to provide video evidence to the contrary!!She hasn’t learned to keep her big mouth shut yet.But Beyoncé still preformed her services for the racist murderer without defending her music or her people didn’t she.For once Hillary was being truthful! Why was the pole dancer even there?Well that’s one time she didn’t lieHaha. So true!she and her subservient  ilk always been  slaves for fat*ss clinton and that ain’t gonna change.She uses Ppl. like no one else !.She hates Minorities until election day !In the Beyonce story, don’t mean to be picky but correct spelling is WHOAWell it surely is crap pseudo music.There ya go!  Just goes to show you Beyonce that you are just another Negro to her even if you sold your soul to the devilI doubt it is true.Done you twos heard it and was you two sittin to gether?How many times does this have to happen before they realize the ruthless person they are bowing and scraping too..about time they find out.So damn funny and fitting! Maybe now these”artists”and I use the term loosely,will finally realize what a piece of scum Hillery is.I can’t stand Hillary, but let’s not be like her and the Dem’s media, I want to hear her own voice saying these things. any person of reasonable intelligence in either party, should want to see & hear real proof of wrong doing.AgreeWow what a ungrateful witch !! There is something wrong with her, she is fake as hell.MAYBE PEOPLE WILL START REALIZING HILLARY DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ANY OF THEM….IT’S ALL FOR HER POLITICAL GAIN AND SHE WILL SAY AND DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!!!  WE CANNOT HAVE HER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN!!!!The Clintons have,always been for themselves. All the money in the Clinton Foundation  was put there by donors,TO the Clintons for a “charityfoundation” ..which turns out the money from the Foundation is used as their personal “bank account” to use the money for their own family…Busted as the hypocritical, pathological-psychotic thief and traitor she is.THAT WAS THE REAL HILLARY,THE BLACK COMMUNITY HAS BEEN KIDDING IT’S SELF FOR DECADES THINKING THE DEMOCRATS WERE WITH THEM , FOR THEM. DEMOCRATS ARE WHAT BLACKS SHOULD CALL THE ANTI-AMERICAN RACIST PARTY. THE D.N.C. HAS HAD A HATETRED FOR BLACKS FOR 150 YRS AND WILL CONTINUE TO KEEP THEM UNDER THEIR THUMP AND DOWN ON THE PLANTATION. IT’S TIME FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY TO PULL THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS OUT OF THE SAND AND TAKE A LOOK AT THE REAL DEMOCRATS, ‘CAUSE IF THEY DON’T THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT #’S WILL EXPLODE  AND POVERTY WILL EXPLODE….THAT’S DEMOCRAT BIG GOVERNMENT CONTROL. CLINTON IS BIG GOVERNMENT ,IS AN ELITIST,IS A RACIST,AND DID TAKE CAMPAIGN FUNDS FROM THEIR BABY THE K.K.K. FREEDOM FROM DEMOCTAT CONTROL IS A VOTE FOR TRUMP.Pop diesel..agree with your post 100%!!  Ok if we borrow it and share??So Jay Z and Beyonce conduct a FREE concert for Hillary Clinton.. Hum.. Yet Donald Trump stands alone with JUST his 15,000 supporters, who came for JUST Trump.. no help form the so called “star power”!! And let’s not forget his republican party.. Talk about weak!!
I personally find it very insulting that Hillary Clinton thinks so low of the black community, she plays them for a fool and thinks they are down right stupid! I hope you all enjoyed the FREE concert she supplied you with. Because that ALL she will do for you!
Think about this, Hillary Clinton thinks that the only way black people will ever understand the election process and the fact that they should even vote, period…is to use the words FREE and WELFARE. Hillary has purposely bound a large percentage of the black community in a vice, locked them down and they are under her sick control!
GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!! DON’T BELIEVE THE SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN THEY SAY “THERE IS NO WAY FOR TRUMP TO WIN, HE HAS A NARROW PATH” it’s all mind control.. they want us to feel there is no point to go out and vote if SHE is going to win anyway!! GO OUT AND VOTE!!! Bring your family and friends, tell your coworkers to through their kids in the mini van and get to the polls!!
Beyonce.. put that fist up.. you know, the one you display so proudly in honor for the black panthers.. and punch yourself right in the mouth with it!
Whoever your voting for just GO VOTE!!I agree, Missy.  Free stuff.  I saw a clip from the show and Hillary was yet again offensive after JZ and his crew did a horrific, violent rap that called women bitches and hoes and talk about drugs and killin niggas – oh yes, and hoes.  She was euphoric as she clapped at the end shouting happily, “THIS IS YOU, AMERICA!  THIS IS WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT!” All the people clapped and shouted approval.  Really people?  She likes to pander to black people with a tremendous disconnect.  She actually believes black people are all gangsta… and ignorant.
Meanwhile, Trump STILL had more people at his rallies without free food and free concert tickets.  I hope those people had a good time and then vote trump anyway.Even Left lib’d can’t say it’s ok for what Hillary did! Truthful who the hell want a EVIL👺LYING MURERING WITCH I’ll NEVER FORGET BENGHAZI!She is always flapping her yap! Why more people haven’t caught on is beyond me?  I find it rather amusing, how stupid her minions truly are…Why there isn’t more truth from HRC’s *#@&^%! garbage gutter mouth???  It’s because HilLiarY does not allow anyone in her presence to have a cell phone.http://www.mediazone.news/index.php/2016/11/04/every-american-will-
salute-with-pride-nypd-announces-they-are-preparing-to-arrest-
hillary-clinton-on-pedophilia-and-treason-charges/#comment-1385Let’s get on with it!Clinton doesn’t even know how NOT to bite a gift horse in the mouth!! What a stupid, arrogant, hateful person – couldn’t she have just enjoyed the show?The real Hillary just opened her racist bigoted mouth. Go figure!Ooops, the only time Hillary doesn’t lie is when she thinks no one is listening.Go 4 it .Hillary will bust it wide openThey deserved each other .You and your man are always welcome on the Trump train!!!! We one big happy family!! No we are not racist!!Hillary is smarter than B…and Z….But not T…Trump….the blacks have heard Hillary say racist things …they are stupid FOR supporting her.Where is the video showing this. .. young voters don’t realize that she is a Grand Puba Princess  the KKK. . Her mentor was bird. They Democratic Party has been the one for over a hundred years keeping people enslaved and that’s what your welfare is.House keeper printing classified emails and Clinton has good judgement.! Go figure.Does this surprise anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well it is ghetto directed trash music.  Clinton knows how to fuk things up. LolHILLARY IS SO UGLY AND  SHE WOULD NOT BE THE PRESIDENT THAT WE NEED.thank you..I would love to be the Hangman for Her and Bill Clinton!LOL how stupid..she gets bustedas always, killary will get a free pass.
liberals are nothing if not unified. they hate each other behind closed doors, but they march in lockstep to vote.This is proof I’ll be voting Green Party!!
The LORD is in control!!I don’t care for Beyonce or her music but have enough class to never say something like that whether anyone could hear me or not!Hillary is a failure even at her own eventsShe is just as racist as Beyonce.Oh God, her private persona has been leaked again.  I hate when that happens.  She just messed with the Queen B.DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON HILLARHOID, SHE’LL CUT YOUR THROAT, OR STOP PUTTING YOUR MONEY IN HER POCKET SHE’LL TAKE YOU DOWN SOME WAY.Gotta love it!She is a hypocrite right along with Michelle Obama. They are offended by the People’s Choice for President Donald Trump’s locker room word Pussy and yet Tom Jones sings it: What’s New Pussy Cat and then they use Beyonce foul mouth and F words and N words to get people to go and vote for her. She even has Obama committing criminal act telling illegals to vote and they won’t get in trouble…that is a felony also. And she uses the Democrats foundation of KKK against Donald when they are using black lives matter group to cause disturbances at our rallies and that black singer using the F and N for every other word during a concert for Hillary herself. She is a hypocrite.She is such a lovely grant mother type person, trash although I am not a fan of Beyoncé either, but I certainly not kiss her backside then trash her! But the kindly lady (NOT) who wants to be our president has no such qualms! She is trash a traitor, liar, thief and many things America does not know about yet!well..believe it or not, that was not racist….I don’t like that music either..torture to have to sit and listen to it…the ONLY thing I agree with hillary onIs that why JayZ thug hit someone as he was leaving?What is so surprising about this?  Just another one of her “hate tactics” to use and abuse for her so called gain.  Minorities wake up!!  Do you really trust a Jezabel like Hillary!Beyonce and Hillary are some of the most racist people I’ve ever seen.. they both deserve each other and I would rather clean a bathroom with a toothbrush than to support either one of them… we do not need her or any of her blackliesmatter clan….We’ve been trying to tell people for months that Hillary hates America!  ALL Americans!  Beyonce, that goes for you, too.  She is an elitist of the worse kind that goes miles beyond racist or bigot.  You should vote Trump.why is beyonce so shocked I thought all trash stuck together, beyonce is just as bad as Hillary so it like the pot calling the kettle black or in this case negro!Corrections: *to not say and do these things*I think this is funny as hell…oh well she gets a  taste the fruits of Hilary Clinton lap it up baby girl aren’t you proud to support such a wonderful women✌No surprise….except to Beyonce.  Maybe now she will understand who Hillary really is behind her lies.  Not a nice woman and she’s only looking for votes.I doubt this story is true. I do however feel that Killary has just been using everyone, especially Black people in this country to get what she wants most in life. I have never felt that her concern for the plight of Black Americans is real. She moved to Harlem to try to prove to them that she accepts them, but it was just a move to become a Senator from NY. I’ll give it to her for keeping to her strategy.  If her record alone isn’t enough to convince people that she and Bill are just two crooks using the system, there’s nothing anyone can say that will change their mind. Barack Obama said it during the race against her,”Hillary Clinton is a liar, a crook, and has never done anything that she’s promised.”  He further stated that she isn’t fit to be president. I truly feel bad for those who are so geared toward their party that they will let Lucifer in the door.When are people going to “get it”? HILLARY CLINTON IS TRASH!!!No one likes the bitch Beyonce so truth is, Hillary gained thousands of votes…This is a clip from the show.Lol Beyonce.. Who cares? She is ghetto trash… Lmfao what did you expect Beyonce? You side with a liar, you get played..Who knows if this is true or not. I’m just surprised that JZ, ( Who seems to be an intelligent man) what allow himself and his wife to be used at the Democratic Party.Hillary Has bleeding hemroids! Cut her some slack… Bleeding hemroids is no laughing matter! If I knew, of a quick remedy, I would put my finger right on it… that would prepare her to be Potis.PLEASE NO MORE CLINTON CARTEL!  THEY WILL DESTROY THE USA AND LEAVE WITH EVEN MORE MONEY. SHES A LYING MURDERING THIEF.As an American citizen I recognize that the 2nd amendment is important but there is one that is greater, the 1st amendment.  By posting this I am expressing my 1st amendment right.  I hope you will be willing to allow me to express my views freely.  Otherwise you are doing exactly what you claim the government is doing. I have removed anything personally offensive to other  readers therefore I don’t see why you wouldn’t allow it.  Thanks in advance.To all the people on the Trump bandwagon, I have this message for you….wake up and use your brain! All of you spewing hatred over a false story. This is ridiculous. Donald Trump has been playing each and every one of you from the very beginning. Feeding off of your fears in order to win your votes. You are the sheep and he the master manipulator. This man can say absolutely anything and still you believe him. As a matter of fact he HAS said just about any and everything and you have believed him. Just like this story he has been caught in several lies throughout this campaign. It’s like he says whatever he feels is going to sway the most people his way regardless of the truth behind it. He changes his stance and position on topics as the wind blows and you blow right along with it. He rants on social media like an immature toddler and has no self-control at 70 years old!! Yes, he has built a real estate empire but that doesn’t mean he can lead this country. Those are two very different things. He is a character, a TV personality whose ego is so big that he wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He doesn’t have what it takes to lead the country. How foolish are all of you for allowing yourselves to fall for this circus? How do you elect a president that is ignorant regarding foreign policy? How as a woman can you elect a president that has no respect for you or your gender and has proven it time and time again? How as a minority (for the few that plan on voting for him) do you back someone who has no regard for you or your race? It’s not about being PC or sensitive to harsh words and rhetoric.  Listen to what he says.  He has told you exactly who and what he is….so believe him.  As a presidential candidate the man has zero substance. His entire campaign is built on tearing others down, spreading fear, and sheer negativity. He doesn’t have real plans for this country. The campaign slogan he uses “Make America Great Again” was stolen from Ronald Reagan. He is taking your most revered Republican figure and using it to his advantage.  He speaks very vaguely, constantly promising that he is going to fix this or that but never saying how. You are fed up with government but yet are willing to elect someone who is doing the same thing you claim politicians do.  You know why he can’t see how he’ll fix it?…because he doesn’t know how and doesn’t plan to. He just wants to be the most powerful man on the planet…that’s his end game and you are so foolishly his puppets helping him complete his goal. Whether conscious or subconscious, many of you are so blinded by your hatred for OUR president (who happens to be black) that you are willing to vote for the most unqualified candidate probably ever.  Like a cunning fox, he strategically changed his viewpoints on several key issues to align himself with the Republican party because it was his best chance of being nominated…AND IT WORKED!!! He’s probably the first non-Republican to be nominated by the Republican party. My fellow Americans what you are doing is an absolute disgrace and it is extremely sad that you have let him get this far and may get him all the way to the White House. You have been manipulated. You have been lied to. You have been hoodwinked and you have been bamboozled. You cherish your 2nd amendment right to bear arms over everything else and have allowed a con artist to take complete advantage of that. Trump won’t “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. He can’t. He knows there’s no greater America than the present version and is trying to take full advantage. Not convinced, well in what other time could a sleazy, racist, tax-evading, TV personality, with tons of money, no moral compass, and fake Christian values become President of the United States?  None.  Someone who has no government experience, little to no understanding of foreign policy, and no regard for the people of this country? There has never been another time.  No time like the present fellow citizens which is why if Trump is elected president America will never be great again but by the time you realize that it will be too late. Congratulations, by attempting to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”, you may have permanently ruined it for our children and for future generations.  Thanks a bunch.Before you get your panties in a wad, I do not mean for this post to sound as though I dislike America. It is a beautiful place with wonderful people.I am trying to figure out how to get away from the amount of control the government has on my life. Sad part is…There isn’t one….hear me out. I have to have money to do all of the things I need to live because somehow we got tricked into believing these papers and coins are powerful. And even if I bought land and did the homestead thing, I still have to pay taxes, but why? And to whom? And what do they do with the money I am paying them? It seems to me, like I’m making a bunch of crazy people rich while I’m left here wondering where I went wrong in life. (I’ll tell you, nowhere . I’m pretty great okay, some not nice things in my past, but this isn’t about that and I was young.)It seems to me like they just keep saying things like, no you don’t need wells anymore drink city water, and a lot of people do. And then they put fluoride in our water! (I won’t even go into the crisis of the Flint, Michigan water, that is still needing repaired, right? Or the recent pipeline problem.) And instead of trying to use cheaper more efficient fuel they continue to build pipelines through our lands that will poison our natural water sources. Not to mention the other tremendous issues ecologically which will result from not finding new ways.While we let them do it to us!But why? If we buy something from somewhere is it not ours? Then who are they to tell us what we can do on the land that we bought from them?! And why do we pay taxes for them to tell us what to do on property we bought from them?!I had a lot more but I lost where I was going, I’m so infuriated and astonished at what is happening all around me. Not just in America, but the world. (and beyond 👻👽)I’m telling you all if we don’t start to unite they will kill us all. More of us can be born and bred until they figure out how to get robots to be their minions.…..they keep telling me that I am free…….but they tell me what I can put in my body……..they tell me that I  am free… but THEY put stuff in MY body I would not and somehow that is okay…they tell me that I am free…..and they force me to pay for something that was not affordable in the first place, but they can give me a number where if I meet poverty level I won’t be forced to pay the fine for not buying the insurance I already could not afford….they tell me that I am free and they will give me everything I need while making it impossible to access or find out any information on anything…they tell me I am free.#WecanbefreeI don’t get a sound bite on this site; however, it was reported (and disputed on several websites) that Killary said: “I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”Is there any hope for our nation with all the liberal cool-aid drinking people hooked on Hillary’s liesREMEMBER, when you vote today, Hillary, the DNC, the Washington & Hollywood Elites, the Media AND the Obama Administration are COUNTING ON your POLITICAL CORRECTNESS, your INDIFFERENCE, AND your IGNORANCE of their CRIMES, MANIPULATIONS AND LIES!!!   It’s TIME for WE THE PEOPLE to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!“I’m grateful, but do we really need to listen to this ghetto trash music? Doesn’t she have something a little less…negro?”  I guess Hillary may have some normal traits.STOP all this hate and learn to love each other, if you don’t like what others say take them out of your life, don’t fill it with hate, if there more love in this world this will make it better for everyone, colour is skin deep, under that, we are all the same, our flesh is red with blood, if yours is different then you came from another planet. Give a strange a hug and be kind to each other.Do black people just believe any bs?








Empire News is looking for creative and talented writers. If you would like to become a contributing writer for Empire News please send us a message and let us know why.  Also, if you haven’t done so already, please register an account here.Empire News is always seeking talented writers and/or compelling content.  If you are interested in becoming part of the Empire News family, please complete the questions below and submit the form for consideration.
Name (required)     Email (required)     Website (if applicable)    
Please provide links to any other published works for which you are responsible.
In a paragraph or less, explain what Empire News means to you. (required)
Please "pitch" three potential headlines. (required)
Please provide a writing sample (500 words or less) (required)








NASHVILLE, Tennessee – Country legend Loretta Lynch, best known for her his song The Coal Miner’s Daughter, says she is “sick to death” of getting hate mail, emails, and tweets aimed at former Attorney General Loretta Lynch.“I don’t know the woman, but Republicans apparently hate that bitch,” said Lynn, 84. “I get hundreds of emails and tweets each day, confusing me with her. I don’t know why. I sing music, she’s just some black attorney. I don’t see the connection.”Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who was appointed by Barack Obama, has never been liked by Republican voters, but has recently been in the news for Republican reports that she is tied to a Clinton scandal.This is not the first time that celebrities have been confused for one another. Rachel Roy was allegedly the woman referenced as having an affair with Beyonce’s husband, and many Beyonce fans attacked TV personality Rachel Ray via twitter. Adam Sandler often gets hate mail that should be directed at Gilbert Godfried, also. Although he reportedly also gets plenty of his own as well.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DECATUR, Alabama – Police were recently tipped off to a reported meth lab that was being run by Walmart employees in what they are calling one of the biggest busts in decades.Police Chief Robert Garner said that an anonymous tip was left on their drug hotline, expressing concern about a horrible burning smell that was coming from the back of the Decatur WalMart facility. When an officer was sent to investigate, the store was instantly shut down as he discovered a meth lab that took up the entire back room.“The thing was massive, and contained enough materials to make hundreds, if not thousands, of pounds of crystal meth,” said Chief Garner. “Apparently, every employee in the store was a part of it, from working with and gathering materials, to cooking, to selling it outside of the store. It was a full, massive operation.”No one from Walmart’s corporate office was available for comment, but an unofficial spokesperson did say that they were “disappointed” that they weren’t able to use their company discount to get meth before the place was shut down.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BEAUMONT, Texas –48-year old Henri Paul Johnson was killed last week after he was accidentally cremated during a long shift at the Coroner’s Office Morgue.According to police, Johnson took a nap on a stretcher after working over 16 hours, and was mistaken for another man who was killed in a car accident, and scheduled to be cremated.Jena Davis, who was not the co-worker who cremated Johnson, says they heard him scream for a moment, but didn’t know where the sound was coming from.“At first, we didn’t understand where the sound was coming from. When we realized what was happening, it was too late. We shut down the heating system, but he was already dead.”Davis says that Johnson was exposed to temperatures of well over 1500 degrees Fahrenheit, and there was nothing that could have been done. A new employee, who had forgotten to check the toe tag on the body before proceeding, was blamed for the accident, but no charges have yet been filed. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








ST. LOUIS, Missouri – Chuck Berry, the man that many people say originated modern rock ‘n’ roll music, was reported as having passed away at the age of 90 by mainstream media, and the topic was trending on Facebook and other social media sites by mid-day Saturday. As it turns out, though, the reports were false.“Chuck is still alive and kicking, albeit with a lot less force than a few years ago,” said a friend of Berry’s, Marvin Richardson. “I was just hanging out with him last night. He played a few licks on the guitar for me, and he got a good laugh out of the fact that everyone thought he was dead. He said he was only taking a nap!”Berry, who has a career that spans over 60 years, is the latest in what some people would refer to as a “death hoax,” but in this case, it seems that Berry is in good spirits about it and doesn’t think it was a traditional hoax.“I don’t think anyone said I had died on purpose to fool people,” said Berry. “I think that my family, my friends, and even my doctors really thought I was dead. I do sleep really, really soundly, and sometimes I think my heart may actually be stopping. I guess this just confirms it.”Berry will perform his 300th concert at Blueberry Hill next month, assuming he hasn’t died for real by that point.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








HOUSTON, Texas – A representative for the Atlanta Falcons says that the team has made an official complaint with the NFL, stating that the New England Patriots cheated during the second half of the Super Bowl, causing the Falcons to lose.In official documents signed by Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank and endorsed by head coach Dan Quinn, the team alleges that the New England Patriots cheated by having, “huge, over-inflated balls.”“During the first half of the game, the Patriots clearly were using their normal balls. Hell, they might have been using slightly under-inflated balls, honestly,” said coach Dan Quinn. “I don’t know exactly what happened after the 3rd quarter, but when they came back out on the field, that team was definitely playing with an entirely new set of balls – and their balls were huge, and way larger than before.”The NFL is not taking the accusation lightly, as the Patriots have known to play with their balls on previous occasions, with team quarterback and GOAT Tom Brady even being suspended for several games for knowingly playing with deflated balls.“We are looking at the Patriots balls very closely, as we cannot and will not take any accusation lightly of the Patriots playing with either small or large balls,” said NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell. “I have personally taken up the task of looking at Tom Brady’s balls, and will report my findings at a later conference.In the mean time, football fans across New England are overjoyed at their team bringing home their 5th Super Bowl win.“It’s a great time to be alive,” said Patriots Super Fan Mark Chilsom. “I don’t care a lick about balls, to be honest. That was the greatest game I’ve ever seen played, with a record-setting comeback. If it was because Tom Brady and the team came out to play with huge balls in the 4th, well the so be it.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








SAN FRANCISCO, California – NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick has taken a lot of heat this week after he didn’t stand for the National Anthem, claiming he was making a point about African-American struggles in the country. Now, though, Kaepernick is taking it a step further, saying that he plans to never stand again.“It’s not going to be easy, and I fully know that,” said Kaepernick. “But the struggle is real for my black brothers, and so I’m going to do the world’s most intense sit-in. I’ll never stand up again if that’s what it takes for people to notice that African-Americans have it bad.”Many criticize Kaepernick because he doesn’t know anything about the struggle of black America – or white America, for that matter.“Yes, I am only half-black, and yes, I was adopted and raised by rich, white parents, but still, fuck whitey, and black power, or whatever,” he said. “Shit, all I know is that I’ll break my legs if it means I can sit down forever.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








MIAMI, Florida – College football team The Florida Gators has announced it will be changing its name following the death of a two-year-old boy who was grabbed and drowned by an alligator while vacationing with his family at the Disney World Resort in Florida.The alligator snatched the toddler as he played at the edge of the Seven Seas Lagoon, a manmade lake at the Walt Disney resort.The boy’s parents, who were relaxing on the white sand shore nearby, sprang into action in a failed attempt to pry their child from the predator’s grip. A lifeguard who was on duty was unable to reach the boy before the alligator swam away with him.Although the parents did not request the SEC Eastern Division champions change their name, the athletics department at the State University System of Florida says they have received a lot of public pressure. Coach Jim McElwain says he fears it may affect the team. “Personally, I think alligators get a bad rap. I’m worried a name change this close to start of the season is unrealistic and may affect team moral.”The team has not settled on a new name, but the Raging Retires and Orange Crushers has been proposed.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








VALLEJO, California –World-famous competitive eater Joey “Jaws” Chestnut, a competitive eater who was currently ranked second in the world, has reportedly died from acute acid reflux, a disease he developed over a career of eating excessive amounts of food.“Joey was in incredible health for a person who consumed hundreds of thousands of calories as if it was his job,” said Dr. Emmett Brown. “Unfortunately, despite his good health and the calories not causing him to be massively overweight, the one thing he could not get past was his horrible case of acid reflux disease, which he contracted after a particularly difficult challenge of eating the World’s Hottest Hot Wings in 2011.”Joey Chestnut had competed, and won, the Nathan’s Hot Dog Eating Challenge multiple years, as well as many other challenges, including hot wings, meatballs, pizza, and an entire turkey dinner.“Joey was a God to me,” said up-and-coming competitive eater Kimball Rowell. “I competed against him once in a pizza eating contest, and I ate 4 slices in 2 minutes. He ate 3 full pizzas. The man is a legend, and his legacy will last a lifetime.”Chestnut was scheduled to compete this summer at the Nathan’s Hot Dog contest once again, where he hoped to regain his title as world champion.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Donald Trump has made plans to officially move the White House from Washington, D.C. to Las Vegas, where he owns property and says that the taxes are “much more manageable.”“Moving the White House to Las Vegas will save tax payers an estimated $20 million a year, as the land values are much lower in the desert,” said Trump. “I am working with the best planners, the best men out there, to move the White House safely and securely.”There is no word on whether Las Vegas will become our nation’s capital after the White House is relocated, but Trump did say that he wouldn’t personally have any problem with that.“There’s a lot of money in Las Vegas, and a lot of beautiful women. We’d be lucky to have Las Vegas be our nation’s capital. It’s a beautiful, fun, fast-paced city, and everyone who goes there loves it. I love it. I own plenty of property there. It’s great. Plus, what happens there stays there, so we could get away with a lot more there than we could here in D.C.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – After a slew of celebrity devices were hacked, a group of anonymous individuals have begun leaking nude images and sex tapes recorded by the celebrity victims. The latest seems to be President Donald Trump himself, as the group of hackers claims they have a sex tape that was taken “very recently,” but does not feature Trump’s wife Melania.“We have procured a very salacious, very non-sexy video,” posted an anonymous hacker on the forum Reddit. “I’ve seen the video myself. I wish I hadn’t, but I have. And the person in the video is definitely Trump, and the other person is decidedly NOT Melania.”According to the post, which included screenshots that we are not able to re-post here, the group would be releasing the full video if Trump did not step down from the Presidency. Although most would assume that he would never do that just to save face, the poster seems to think that the video is definitely something that will “get Trump thinking.”“President Trump will know exactly what video we have if we mention the words ‘donkey’ and ‘whips,'” said the post. “We do not think that Trump, nor the man in the video with him, would want this information going public. Whoops, guess I slipped up there…” 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. –White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was hospitalized after he contracted what he said was “bird flu” from eating a bucket of KFC chicken that had spoiled.According to his doctor, Spicer merely had a case of the trots after ingesting day-old chicken, but the Press Secretary is “positive” that it is Bird Flu.“I ate bad chicken, which is a bird. Everyone knows that chickens are birds,” said Spicer from his hospital bed. “When you eat bad birds, you get bird flu. I don’t know why that is so hard for these doctors to understand.”Spicer says that he has contracted bird flu several times in his life, and that his mom was always the best at making him feel better when he was a boy.“Mom would make me a hot broth and I’d eat that with crackers, and then I’d lay down and I felt better,” said Spicer. “It has happened several times, but not in many years. Mom also helped me after I contracted mad cow disease after I ate spoiled hamburger one time. My mom is a phenomenal woman.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Trump announced this morning that he would be taking a 2-month vacation beginning April 1st, returning to Washington in June, after a “stressful” first quarter of 2017.“There are a lot of things that have come across my desk, and it’s been overwhelming,” said Trump. “I think that it will be a good time to take a break, and let things really setting in my head so I can continue Making America Great Again.”Trump owns a home in the Bahamas, but will be renting a massive villa instead of using the home he owns.“I want to see new parts of the area, and so I will be renting some property for the two months I’m gone. This will only put a minor burden on tax payers, as it will fall under Presidential Service.”President Trump will be bringing his wife and son Barron, as well as 13 members of the Secret Service.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Donald Trump has rung the death toll for the Cable News Network. According to recently filed documents, the once mega-giant news channel will be losing their FCC licenses, forcing them to stop broadcast on April 1. The blow comes after Trump declared the company ‘fake news,’ and blacklisted them from attending White House press conferences.“CNN is the worst network on television today, and nothing they say about me is true,” said President Trump. “The only network worth watching is Fox News. They are true. They say true things, and they say the best things. CNN is the worst, and everything they say is fake news.”After Trump declared the channel to be fake news, their ratings plummeted to the lowest in cable television history, with only around 100 to 150 people even tuning into the channel on a daily basis.“We are saddened that Trump has chosen our network to the be the scapegoat for his War on Truth,” said CNN head Carl Nelson. “Because of his lies about our network, we have lost our licenses, and lost our ability to broadcast. Effective April 1st, we will no longer be on the air.”Nelson says they are trying to convince the FCC that they should be allowed to continue broadcasting, but the FCC says that they are “not interested” in listening to any fake news, either.“President Trump has informed us that CNN should not be listened to, so we’re not going to,” said FCC chairman Joel Winters. “We’re a government agency. We do what we’re told. I’m not losing my job over this shit.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DENVER, Colorado – The Girls Scouts of America have officially been given the ‘green light’ to begin selling marijuana edible cookies in states where the drug has been legalized. Starting in April of 2017, Girl Scout troupes in Maine, Colorado, Massachusetts, and Washington D.C., among others, will be able to sell edibles.“Our cookies have long been a favorite of stoners nationwide,” said Girl Scouts of America president Jane Marshall. “With the legalization of recreational marijuana in several states, we decided it was time to really open ourselves up to the marijuana community. That is why we created two new products to be sold in legalized states.”Marshall says that they will be creating Samosas and Thin Mints, their top-selling cookies, that are infused with the marijuana plant.“These cookies will be made available only to adults, aged 21 or older, and they will only be available for purchase through the parents of a Girl Scout troupe. The children themselves will not be able to sell or consume these cookies,” said Marshall. “We are very happy with how these cookies have come out, and we think they will be a huge boost to the fundraising these girls do every year.”Yearly sales of Girl Scout Cookies total approximately $700 million. This year, the plan is to surpass the $1 billion mark.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BENTONVILLE, Arkansas – Although many people consider Walmart to be the epitome of an “evil corporation,” no one can say that they’re not completely in touch with what people want. The company announced today that in several states, including Colorado, Maine, and Washington D.C., the company would begin selling marijuana seeds and seedling plants to consumers who are over 21.“Most of these states have the same or similar laws when it comes to owning marijuana plants,” said company spokesperson Rebecca Brent. “As an adult over 21, you can have several plants, and you can grow even more. We already sell alcohol, and our employees are trained to ask for ID for anyone under 40 for controlled substances. Heck, we even card for R-rated movies like some company out of the dark ages. So selling marijuana will not add any sort of hinderance on our employees, and will be a great way to tap into a new market of potential customers.”Surprisingly, there are very few protests about the company dipping into the weed trade, even from government officials.“If Walmart is adhering to the laws, gaining proper licensure, then there’s no reason I can see for any fuss to be made,” said Charlie Connors, a representative for the Governor’s office in Maine. “We are allowing small businesses to sell, and we are allowing adults to purchase. I do not see why there is any issue with Walmart, the largest retailer in the world, from selling either.”Brent says that if the seed and seedling sales go well, it’s possible that Walmart will branch into smaller locations that will only sell marijuana and paraphernalia.“We were thinking of calling those smaller stores Wal-Greens, but as it turns out, that’s pretty much taken,” said Brent. “We are really excited about moving forward with such a great product launch, though.”Brent says that they will add new aisles into Walmart locations that will be selling. The marijuana products will be located, naturally, next to the potato chip and soda aisle.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








STAMFORD, CT – WWE Chairman Vince McMahon announced today that he has tapped President Donald Trump to appear at Wrestlemania 33 in Orlando, Florida on April 2nd.Trump, who had a long story arch in the WWE in the 90s and was entered into the WWE Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2013, says that he is “extremely excited” to get back in the ring.“It was one of the best times of my life, attacking Vince McMahon and appearing on their Pay-Per-View events,” said Trump. “Vince and I, we’ve been friends a long time. Rivals in the world of business, but friends all the same. When he asked me to return, I wasn’t sure it was the best thing to do, because I’ve got a lot going on right now, but this is a yuge opportunity and will be a lot of fun for me, and hopefully for the Wrestlemania crowd in Orlando. I have no problem taking a steel chair to the face, as long as that chair was made by the United Steel Workers Union here in the great country I call home – the United States of America.”“We are very excited that Donnie will be coming back in,” said McMahon in a press release posted to WWE.com. “He has always been a friend to this company, to the wrestling world, to the world of Sports Entertainment, and as an honored member of the Hall of Fame, we are very excited to have him appear at Wrestlemania 33.”Neither McMahon nor Trump have indicated in what capacity the latter would be appearing, but McMahon did drop a hint that he hoped Trump wouldn’t have any problem getting color.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








LOS ANGELES, California – Doctor Carl Jung, a gastroenterologist working in Los Angeles, California, has said he has developed the world’s most perfect, and most expensive, colon cleanse for his patients who need to “get the pipes working again.”Dr. Jung has been treating certain patients using the “blood of the innocent,” which he harvests from a doctor friend that performs abortions at a local Planned Parenthood facility.“My procedure is one-of-a-kind that I developed myself while studying in Uganda in 1983,” said Dr. Jung. “It works better than any other anal douche you could get, and it’s all because of the massive white blood cell count found in aborted fetuses. This is not a magic pill you take to cleanse your body – this is a true, liquid cavity expulsion.”Dr. Jung says that he has been procuring dead babies for “over 30 years” from a friend, who says wishes to remain anonymous. Several celebrities, including Martha Stewart, Barack Obama, and Paul McCartney have all said to have visited Dr. Jung for the treatment, which costs a whopping $289,000 per session.“They love it, and they keep coming back,” said Dr. Jung. “As anyone would tell you, there’s no better way to cleanse that ass than with the blood of the innocent.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








UGANDA – A woman living in a village in Uganda has been confirmed to be over 200-years-old by genealogists, researchers, and archivists who have looked into the woman’s lineage.The woman, who does not remember her own name, is officially the oldest person to have ever lived. She was born in the same village in Uganda she currently lives, and says she has “never left.”“I have lived long, I am tired. I have never gone away, this is what I know,” she said. “I am happy to be here. I am not happy to be so old. Wish I was dead. All my family, they are dead. I have had 18 children, 47 grandchildren, and 163 great-grandchildren, and they are all gone now. I’m sad. Kill me, please.”Researchers say that they have “no idea” how it’s possible that she has lived so long, but have confirmed through genetic testing that she is, indeed, 204-years-old, having been born in 1806.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. –The “Finger-Chop Challenge” has begun to spread across social media, with teens and college students reportedly cutting off their fingers in an effort to raise awareness about the “evils of Donald Trump” as President.“Trump is a disgusting, sick, orange bigot,” said Maria Lambert, 19, a college sophomore at Dartmouth. “I chopped off all of my  fingers on a livestream on Facebook. I left just the middle finger on one hand, because fuck Trump, that’s why.”Following in a dangerous trend of challenges like the cinnamon or milk gallon challenges, the new finger-chop challenge opens up an entire new world of issues for parents, as well as the teens stooping to such ignorant levels.“My son has done the challenge 4 times, and each time, he’s cut off a new finger. He’s down to just the pinky on his left hand,” said Carl Lunger of his son, Mario Lunger, 17. “Frankly, though, I’m proud of him. He’s taking a stand against Trump, and he’s also raised a lot of awareness about Trump. Last I knew, he had over 300 views on his YouTube video.”Health officials are warning parents, though, of the dangers of their children cutting off their own fingers for internet notoriety. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BOSTON, Massachusetts – Researchers at Boston Medical Center are planning to release a new study that proves that all cancers – even some of the most rare and previously un-treatable cancers such as brain or lymph node – can be easily cured with one ‘extremely common’ item.“We have been working on a cure for Cancer for as long as we’ve known about the disease, and we have finally found the answer,” said Dr. Phil Brooks. “Really the cure was right there under our noses, as it were, the entire time.”Dr. Brooks says that he and his team all developed a severe cocaine habit during the testing phase, as the long nights and early days were making it extremely hard to stay awake and concentrate.“It was then we realized, after a night of doing copious amounts of blow, that we had the bright idea to test the drug on our lab rats. Within a month, all of the animals that we had given cancer were cured,” said Dr. Brooks. “We moved on a few months later to trials in adult humans.”Of the 2,000 people that the doctors test the cocaine theory on, every single one of them had their cancer disappear within a few weeks, or sooner in cases of “common cancers” like skin or colon.“It’s miraculous, truly,” said Dr. Brooks.The team plan to publish their full study in the next Journal of Bizarre Medicine. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BOSTON, Massachusetts – A new study conducted by Harvard University shows that teens who “vape” are more likely to be made fun of than kids who do not. The study was performed over the last year, and monitored a group of 200 teens aged 15 to 19.“Of the group, 100 of the kids were vapers, or kids who smoke using vape pens, etc.,” said that study chairman, Mick Horn. “Those kids were asked to vape in front of the other 100 kids, who proceeded, of course, to call the vape kids a slew of names, including ‘faggot,’ ‘tool,’ ‘loser,’ and ‘asshole,’ among others. When the study was flipped, the vape kids really had nothing to say about the non-vapers.”According to his findings, Horn says that kids should decidedly not take up vaping, unless they like being made fun of.“There’s really no point to vaping, short of smoking while looking like an extra douche bag,” said Horn. “I think that my study conclusively proves that.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








UNITED STATES – After it was confirmed that Russia easily hacked computers in the United States to rig the 2016 elections, the FBI is warning that it’s “very likely” that Russian hackers and spies are probably in your computer right now, looking at your files.“There are many things that you can do to protect yourself from Russian hackers,” said FBI director J. Hoover Edgar. “For one, you want to make sure you put a piece of tape of your computer’s camera. That’s just something simple that every idiot knows to do by now. Another thing you can do is to get offline completely when not using the computer. Just unplug and turn off your machine, and you should probably unplug your router, too, just to be safe.”Edgar also recommends writing most of your documents in Aramaic, the dead language spoken by Jesus Christ and his disciples.“It’s very hard for Russians to read Aramaic, because most people don’t know it. If you learn it now, you will have a much better chance of your files not being read by Russian hackers,” said Edgar.According to the FBI, the one thing that can almost certainly defeat a hacker, though, is to make sure you change your passwords 10 to 15 times a day, for all of your website logins, especially banks and social media accounts.“If you leave your password as the same thing for more than a couple of minutes, you’re basically giving full access to your life,” said Edgar. “Change your passwords multiple times a day. It really keeps the ol’ Ruskies on their toes.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Researchers at the Washington, D.C. House of Agriculture and Animal Affairs say that they expect Pandas will become extinct within the next few months, probably by June of 2017.“We actually had no idea that pandas were really that rare, because we see pictures of them online all the time,” said HAAA chairman Joel Bornstein. “We thought they were doing pretty good out in the wild, but apparently not. There’s only a couple left.”The HAAA says they are trying “really hard” to get a couple of pandas to “do their thing” and make some more panda babies, but they’re having a really hard time.“We got two of the 17 pandas left in the world, and we have been doing everything to get them to have sexy time, but it’s just not working,” said Bornstein. “We’ve tried calming music, chocolates, wine…we even let them watch porn. Nothing has worked.”The HAAA says that they hope that they can save the population of pandas before it’s too late, but they don’t hold out much hope.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








CONCORD, New Hampshire – Chester Miller, who has been studying the effects of global warming for nearly 20 years, says that he has finally found conclusive proof that the phenomenon is completely and totally bogus.“I have been looking into the effects of global warming, and can conclusively say that the world is not warmer at all,” said Miller. “I had been waiting and waiting for this discovery, and it came to me earlier this week. It was a true moment of glory for all of science.”Miller says that during the night between Thursday and Friday, his town of Concord, New Hampshire received a massive amount of snow – over a foot in just a few hours. This, he says, is proof that the world is not getting warmer.“If global warming were real, then how come we got 14″ of snow the other night?” asked Miller. “I assume you all understand that in order for it to snow, it has to be cold. And in order for it to snow THAT MUCH in that amount of time, well – it has to be very cold. I believe I can rest my case.” 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BAZOS, Croatia – A team of explorers who have been searching for the lost city of Atlantis for the better part of 30 years have reportedly discovered the ruins of the Mecca, located approximately 30 miles beneath the surface of the Mediterranean Sea, directly off the coast of Croatia.According to the research team, there is more than $300 billion worth of lost treasures within the city, not to mention the city itself.“People have been searching for Atlantis for hundreds of years, with many thinking that it may never have existed at all,” said Mark Kempf, lead of the expedition. “Through hundreds of hours of research in books before setting out on our trip, we were able to locate the approximate area where we believed the city to be, and after repeated attempts to reach the area, we were finally successful last week.”Kempf says that it will become “increasingly difficult” to have many people visit the area, as he believes the more people that know the area, the fewer treasures there will be.“Oh, the place will definitely be overrun with pirates very quickly, which is why we are not releasing the city’s exact location at this time,” said Kempf. “This discovery will definitely put my children’s children’s children through college, though.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








MOBILE, Alabama —With gay marriage now legal in all 50 states and rainbow flags (the universal symbol for gay pride) flying all over the country, one man who makes it a point to destroy every rainbow flag and spray paint over rainbow bumper stickers he sees, now wants to destroy actual rainbows.“I used to like seeing a rainbow in nature, ” Buddy Jones told Confederate News. “Now all I see is a symbol for faggotry. Makes me sick to my tummy to see a rainbow in the sky. I want to destroy them because they’re making me crazy and I think destroying rainbows will really get on queer’s nerves, but I don’t know how to kill rainbows myself.”That’s where Jones wants scientists to step in and help.“I know a lot of scientists are fag sympathizers,” Jones said. “But there are some good Christian scientists out there who could use their scientific smarts to destroy rainbows. Scientists can build talking robots and send people into deep space, how hard could it be to destroy rainbows?”Jones is calling out scientists to take up his rainbow destroying cause.“Maybe scientists could build a laser gun that instantly blows up rainbows,” Jones said. ‘I don’t know. I just think this is an important cause. Queers took rainbows from us and made them their own, now we gotta show them there are consequences to what they did. And think about this: How long before some other sicko group takes something cool from nature? Like clouds or something. We gotta destroy rainbows now.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil – Analysts fear tensions with the Russians could lead to another war if the Russians are banned from participating in the Olympic games. The Russian sports minister says “up to 67 athletes” have applied to track and field’s world governing body to be exempted from the ban on the Russian team at the Rio de Janeiro OlympicsThe IAAF is unlikely to approve most of the 67 athletes, since it has previously indicated the exemption is aimed at a small minority of athletes based abroad.When a global governing body for sports barred Russia’s track and field team from the 2016 Summer Olympics on Friday over a wide-ranging doping scandal, it was greeted in Russia, as is with a deep sense of victimhood.President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia called the decision “unjust, of course.”Mr. Putin said, “Russia is strengthening antidoping controls and athletes should bear personal responsibility for using performance-enhancing drugs.” Punishing the whole team, he said, “doesn’t fit any norms of civilized behavior.”Outside Russia, sporting officials viewed the unanimous decision as a long overdue restoration of some fairness in competitions. After all, in some sporting events Russian athletes had been trouncing competitors for years before it turned out they were using performance-enhancing drugs.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








BRUSSELS, Belgium – Social media has been abuzz the last few weeks with the hashtag #SaferThanATrumpRally, with many folks listing some absurd and dark places that are safer to be than at a Donald Trump rally.After the attack in Brussels, Belgium, most would assume that they’d rather be anywhere else, but according to social media, even the terrorist-attacked city would be a better place to be than with any view of Donald Trump.“I’d rather be in Brussels with a shirt with a target on it that says ‘fuck you, Muslim scum’ than ever set foot at a Trump rally,” said New York resident Joel Miller. “I was downtown during 9/11. Scariest time of my life. I’d rather live that all over again, too, than ever be at a Trump rally. The man, and his minions, are mindless, soulless villains.”As with all tragedies, everyone is standing with Brussels, and an onslaught of support has appeared from all corners of the globe, with many users on social media changing their pictures to a photo of the flag of Belgium in solidarity.“Donald Trump is a nightmare. I’ve seen people get punched in the face while simply standing still, peacefully, at one of his rallys,” said Maryanne Lewis of Detroit, Michigan. “I’d sooner throw beer and ham at a Muslim holding an AK-47 with TNT strapped to his ass than be at a Trump rally. These are terrifying times, both in the US and abroad.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








Dear Allison,
It was my 21st birthday a couple days ago. The ONLY thing I asked my Nana for was a pair of diamond earrings. I don’t know how I should feel because I found out they are cubic zirconium.  My stepmother pointed it out yesterday, and thinking about it, I cried on the way to work.  I don’t know if I should say something. I don’t want to sound like a spoiled brat, but it was the only thing I asked for. Should I mention it? I really want to say something.-Faked OutDear Faked,
Aww, poor you. Too late, you already sound like a spoiled brat. 21? Nana is wise enough to know you’ll lose an earring during one of your many drunk night – most likely while you’re going down on a stranger with an STD who picked you up while you were blacked out at the bar. What are you, a rich bitch?  It’s time to grow up and realize Nana’s bank account doesn’t revolve around you. Whatever your job is, it isn’t hard enough.  You should try mining your own diamond for a bowl of gruel a day.
But then again, I’m not really the person to ask since my own mother would’ve slapped me if I had the balls to ask for diamonds.  Maybe you should buy yourself a bunch of booze and get the courage to call your Nana. I’m sure if you whine enough she’ll get you a much better present next year.
Dear Allison,
I am torn between my 16 year-old daughter, “Uniquea” and my bae, “Tyrone”.  My fiancé got me a stuffed monkey for my birthday a couple weeks ago.  Wellllllll…afterwards we got in a fight, and he wanted it back. I told him no, cuz he gave that to me.  Anyway, he comes over to get it, and we got in another altercation over it.  After we had it out, he apologized and started kissin’ up on me. My daughter screamed, she sick of him hustlin’ me and after kissin’ on me like it was a’ight. Then she took his Ray-Bans and ran in the other room. I screamed at her to give ‘em back, but she twisted them ‘till they was broke beyond repair. Tyrone insists Uniquea needa pay for them out of her hair/nail allowance, but I say Tyrone shouldn’t of been over here provokin’ in the first place. Should I side with my man or my daughter?-Hassled at HomeDear Hassled,
Your fiancé sounds like quite the catch.  I bet the moment you don’t put out, he demands you give him all those cheesy “I Luv You” Valentine’s teddy bears that line your headboard. Unfortunately, it doesn’t matter what you do. You’re screwed.  You’re daughter’s screwed.  It doesn’t matter if Tyrone is in your life because you’re all cursed to live an ignorant, drama-filled existence, regardless.  Continue modeling that kind of behavior and just pray Uniquea’s first baby isn’t doesn’t end up with as God-awful a name as she did and that her baby-daddy actually pays child support. You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published weekly exclusively by Empire News.


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DEAR ALLISON,How do I know if the man I married is really “the one?” My husband and I have been married for 2 years. He does everything for me. He works three jobs so I can stay home and build my small business. He cooks, and cleans. He’s fantastic in bed. We are doing really well…but there is something that’s just missing. What if I made a mistake?– CONCERNED in CALIFORNIADear Concerned,The man sounds like a saint. To be honest, I don’t think he probably is the one for you. If anything, he sounds like the one for me. After the string of losers I’ve been with, I could use a man who knows how to cook, how to clean, and how to do me right. Tell you what, Concerned – you let him go. If he comes back, then he’s “the one.” If you find him in my bed, then it looks like he was the one, but you’re too stupid to have known it. You’re living every woman’s dream, and you’re thinking it might have been a mistake? You must be a lesbian.
DEAR ALLISON,For my 18th birthday my boyfriend got me a tattoo, but I didn’t tell my parents. I still live at home, and my Dad will FREAK OUT if he knows that I got “Chris Forever” tattooed on my thigh. How do I tell my parents that I got inked?– TATTED in TALLAHASSEDear Tatted,First off, the fact that you’re barely 18 and you got your boyfriend’s name tattooed on you already screams how dumb you are. There are people who have been married decades who don’t do stupid things like that. My suggestion would be to tell your parents as soon as possible, and hope they forgive you enough to help pay to have it lasered off. The only name you should put on your body is your child’s. Hell, you shouldn’t even put that. Get a damn flower or a heart like every other teenage idiot out there, and call it a day. Since I got this letter 2 weeks ago, I’d assume that Chris has already left you for some other bimbo. Now you get to spend the rest of your life dating only men named Chris, or else they’re going to go limp as soon as you take your pants off.
DEAR ALLISON,My mother is a die-hard Christian, and on more than one occasion has made it quite known to me, my family, and everyone else who will listen that she hates gay people, and thinks they are an abomination. I’m 23 now, and I’m afraid to come out of the closet for fear I will lose my mother’s love. What do I do?-IN THE CLOSET in INDIANAPOLISDear Closet,Man up, my gay friend. If your mother is such a bigot that she would disown her child because of their sexual orientation, than you don’t need her! Find a new mom. Find a mate, and have their mom be your new mom! There are plenty of people out there who will accept you for who you are. It will probably be hard at first to tell your mother, but if she can’t handle it, then how is she going to handle when you find a mate? Get married? Adopt children? In my opinion, your mother needs to grow the hell up and deal. It’s 2014 for crying out loud. How much longer are we going to have to deal with these conservative bigots? Listen, you tell your mom that she’s going to have to accept you, or you smack that bitch in the face. No two ways about it. Good luck! You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DEAR ALLISON,Sometimes I think my step-mother really holds me back from having any fun. If I ask her if it’s okay to go to movies with friends, she won’t let me unless I do something for her, like the dishes or mow the lawn or any number of other household chores. I am the only one that she makes do this – my two step-brothers and my step-sister get to go out and do whatever they want. Why does she make me do things but they never have to?-CRYING in COLORADODear Crying,You don’t have to be such a crybaby, you know. Just do the damn dishes, and then you can go hang out with friends or go to the movies. Your step-mother is letting her kids do things without “paying her” for them because they are the fruit of her loins. Since you were ejected from some other woman’s lovehole, she’s more than likely making you pay for it. No step-mother has ever liked her step-children. Haven’t you ever seen Cinderella? Your best bet is to hurry up and turn 18, so you can tell her exactly where to go, and exactly how to get there.DEAR ALLISON,I hate it when people spoil the endings of my favorite TV shows or movies I haven’t seen on social media. Simple question, but how do I get people to stop talking about things before I see them?!-UGH in UTAHDear Ugh,First, let me congratulate you on coming up with the worst damn pseudonym that I’ve ever seen. “Ugh?” Oh God, you must be 12. Anyway, this might come as a surprise to you, but you could, you know, get the hell off the internet once in a while. You could also stop worrying about TV and movies getting spoiled for you, because they’re just entertainment, and if knowing who died on last night’s episode of Game of Thrones before you’ve had a chance to watch it is ruining your life, I think you’re going to have much, much bigger problems in life the older you get. Good luck in life, Ugh. You’re definitely going to need it.DEAR ALLISON,I got married last week, and my mother-in-law got completely hammered drunk at the wedding. Long story short, she ended up hitting on my still-very-married father. It made my mother extremely upset, and now my husband’s family and my family will have nothing to do with each other. What can I do to reconcile this whole ordeal?
-TOASTED in TULSADear Toasted,Who cares if your families can’t get along? Do they really have to have anything to do with each other? My husband hasn’t spoken to my side of the family since the wedding four years ago, and he’s never been happier. In case you didn’t know this, in-laws have never gotten along with their son or daughter’s significant other. Or you could play it the complete opposite way and try and get your parents divorced so you can hook up your father and mother-in-law. It could be one big, happy family. It’s really your call. Either way, people do stupid things when drunk. If your mother doesn’t know that, she must be a complete and total stick in the ass…or mud. Whatever floats your boat. You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








DEAR ALLISON,
My boyfriend of 4 years and I have been seeing each other less and less lately, as I recently started a new job. When I come home to him at night, he seems withdrawn and doesn’t enjoy having…well, we’re not as intimate as we used to be. He’s not working and I pay all the bills, so I don’t think he’s stressed out or anything. I don’t want to be that bitchy girlfriend who goes through his Facebook or his phone to see if he’s been talking to other girls, but I think he might be cheating. Should I confront him, or go about finding out another way?– SUSPICIOUS in SACRAMENTODear Suspicious,Of course he’s cheating on you. The only thing a man wants more than a good steak is a good ol’ fashioned. If you are coming home from a long day at work, and he’s been lounging around all day and it’s him that doesn’t want you, there really is no other explanation. I’d suggest that you “be that bitchy girlfriend” and go through his phone or Facebook. You don’t want to confront him, because what’s the point? Is he just going to say “oh, you’re right, dear, I’m cheating.”? No, he’s going to deny it. Your best course of action is to wait until he’s asleep and smell his penis. It sounds crude, but everyone knows men rarely wash themselves period, and the odds of him showering after having his mistress over is zero. Definitely sniff that shaft, and you’ll have all the evidence you need. DEAR ALLISON,My girlfriend of two years is lazy and doesn’t wanna do anything for me. In my circle, the other girlfriends will make food for the game, and then go off and do their own thing, but they always come out to see if we need more beer or snacks, you know? My girlfriend doesn’t do those things, and it’s embarassing. My bros, they give me crap about how lazy she is.  When we watch the game at my house, she doesn’t wanna cook, and then she sits around, trying to talk through the game. Like we’re interested in listening to her long, boring stories about shoes? The other day I was checking out my buddy’s girlfriend’s ass as she bent over to pick up our beer cans, and I thought – “that’s what I deserve.”  I’m wondering if I should break up with her because this isn’t working, and it’s not like I don’t have other options. – FED-UP in FREEPORTDear FED-UP,Start packing her bags right now – I can’t believe you’ve dealt with her for two years! By this point she should definitely know her place. If she isn’t going to make you a sandwich and sit quietly during the game, or let you go out with your bros without nagging, then she isn’t the one. Look at your buddies; sounds like they’ve got their women trained perfectly! There are plenty of girls out there who have learned their lessons, so just choose one of the dumb sluts you’re probably already flirting with, and plug her hard. After you’ve gotten your ex out of the way, make sure you tell the new girl how much you love the cheese dip your buddy’s girlfriend always brings over, and set the expectation that that’s what you expect out of your woman. Out of desperation to please you, she’ll learn to jump right up at the sound of a crushed beer can, or you can tell her where to go, too. DEAR ALLISON,I hate my mother. She has the mentality of an extremely spoiled teenager in the body of an overweight, pushy fifty year-old troll. She is in complete denial about all the abuse she put me through when I was growing up. She says that everything bad in her life is my fault, and she’s posted nasty stuff to my Facebook wall, like telling me that she wishes I was never born. It’s got so bad that I had to block her. She still continues to spread rumors to my friends and family, saying that I pawned her jewelry for drugs or that I’ve prostituted myself for spare change. These lies hurt, because my family and friends are now ostracizing me. I’ve never even had sex, and she knows it! Every time we talk, it’s a blow out. Should I try to reconcile with her, or should I just move on with my life?-MISERABLE in MALIBUDEAR MISERABLE,Judging by your letter, I’d say you and your mother have more in common than you think! You must be extremely spoiled yourself. Here you are calling your mother nasty things in a massive public setting, just like you say she’s done to you! Way more people will see your letter here, calling your mother a fat troll, than the minimal amount of friends and family members who she no doubt has on her Facebook page. How do you think she’s going to feel when she sees your letter here? Yeah, probably the same way you felt when she called you a little whore. Your family probably doesn’t want to talk to you anymore because you’re the worst kind of bitch – the kind who blames everyone else around her for her own shortcomings. Plus, they probably know you’ll steal their valuables for drug money next! Go to counseling with your mother. You both sound like a couple of nut jobs. You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allison‘s weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News. 


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








WASHINGTON, D.C. – Vice President Mike Pence reportedly electrocuted himself accidentally after touching a light switch after getting out of the shower, while still wet. Ironically, the VP now claims that he is homosexual, and has planned a massive “coming out” party at the White House.Pence, who has long been known for his completely stupid views on homosexuality and believing that it can be cured via electro-shock therapy, is now referring to himself as “a big, flaming fag,” and says he’s never been happier.“Oh my God you guys, being gay is so wonderful and amazing. I mean, I wanna say I told you so, ’cause if I’m gay just from getting shocked, there’s no WAY that shocking couldn’t cause the opposite effect, ya know?” said Pence in a fun, sing-song voice. “But, you know, I’m just too damn giddy to even consider being negative like that. I’m the first gay man in power since Elton John’s Tiny Dancer was #1 on the charts. Ohh, baby!”The gay community, which is normally very happy when a major celebrity comes out, has withdrawn from Pence’s announcement, and calls it “truly stupid.”


				|Tweet
|Like0








 comments








Eight years ago, this writer walked into rehearsal for one of the most prestigious symphony choruses in the country.  At the time, I was a second soprano in that group (I actually have a higher voice than most of the firsts, but kept ending up at second) and one of maybe five members out of 130 or so who were not enamored of Barack Obama.  Not at all.  After eight years, memory fades as to which venue we were using that night, the main hall or the alternative site, but what doesn’t fade was the jubilation in the voice of one of the other sopranos when the director said, “I know we’re all concerned about the election,” and the female lawyer holding court in the back row said, “It’s going well,” over the heads of everyone else.Joy and exuberance were in the air.  It wasn’t until the break, about an hour an a half into the three hour rehearsal, that the stage cleared so that the liberals could get on their iPhones and check the returns, that the handful of conservatives sat by ourselves out there.  The only other woman, a fellow soprano quite a bit younger than me, shook her head, and we looked at each other.  “They have no idea what they’ve just done,” we practically said in unison.  (The same scenario repeated itself four years later with another person.)Eight years hence, the tables have turned.  And after eight years of keeping our mouths shut just to maintain friendships and professional relationships from which people in the arts – particularly those of us who are not union – gain gigs and connections, the conservatives among us still can’t fully come out of the closet.  The reason why was put on display Friday evening in New York.  (At this point, everyone out there knows what happened when Vice President-elect Mike Pence went to see Hamilton on Broadway. Not going to rehash it.)You see, we conservatives dare to be diverse in OPINION from the prevailing political paradigm in the arts: flat out liberalism as preached by the mainstream media.  And THAT is barely tolerated.  In fact, most of these people who are vehemently anti-church unless it’s for convenience or what we call a “church job” (section leader in a choir), feminist, pro-choice, open borders, and all that jazz, always assume the person they are talking to agrees with them.  It is an anathema to them that conservatives could possibly be in their midst.In the fourteen or so days since Donald Trump has been elected president, things like this have been appearing in my Facebook feed from my friend the lawyer from the back row of sopranos.She’s actually one of the more tolerant of the lot, but still…she’s caught in the NPR echo chamber.  In response, this writer posted this on Facebook.I’ll get to Antonio Vivaldi, a priest who had to give up being one for health reasons, teaching orphaned girls music so they could make a living later.  And the Belgian Jesuit who first posited the Big Bang Theory.  And Albertus Magnus who brought chemistry out of the age of alchemy.  We call him St. Albert the Great (he was a Dominican friar).This is honestly the thought paradigm of the truly privileged people in the arts, which is what makes Friday’s display of hubris from the Broadway cast of “Hamilton” so disgusting.  Larry O’Connor at HotAir puts it in perspective:My phone starting buzzing in the early hours Saturday morning as news of the “curtain-speech-heard-round-the-world” hit everyone’s Facebook page. Friends of mine who work on Broadway were sending me their personal opinions because they “could never say it out loud” and they were counting on me to speak on their behalf.I heard from an actor who pointed out that the performers on stage are in the most prominent position of privilege the industry could ever provide an actor. They appear in the hottest play in the country and have a steady Actor’s Equity contract with full benefits along with a job for the next decade, if they want it.The idea that these well-paid thespians represent “the diverse America” that is concerned with the direction of the country is absurd, this actor said. They represent the elite not just in this country, but in their own industry. It wasn’t lost on this actor friend of mine that these cast members live a far better lifestyle than the Americans they claim to represent.Another friend, an actor of color, regretted the message sent to any Republican or non-liberal who heard about this story over the weekend. The man came to the THEATRE with an obviously open mind and they chose to reject the gesture this friend said to me. “And you’re for tolerance and diversity?” the actor lamented.And that is where this writer’s experience with members of the chorus, a professional group for which most of us volunteered, is essentially the same.  The people on the stage that night eight years ago, the ones mourning the loss of their Utopia now, are almost entirely highly educated professionals in white collar jobs. For the most part, they live in lily-white suburbs or pockets of regentrified historic neighborhoods where few people aren’t just like them.  If they know people who are blue collar, or work on their feet, those people tend to be their lawn and pool guys.  Very few own their own businesses.  The teachers in question are largely public school union.And they are singing in one of the most exclusive groups in the country where a trip to Carnegie Hall every so many years is just part of the package.If that’s not privilege, what is?The irony of the entire situation lies in the reality that people at the top of the pyramid dare to lecture those actually trying to help the ones at the bottom.  The reality that Alexander Hamilton himself was all about what the cast of the musical that bears his name abhors is a bonus ironic twist.  And then there is this:Indeed I can tell you from first hand experience that in the theatre industry diversity is only skin-deep and genital-high. It’s the superficial and irrelevant differences of race, ethnicity, gender and sexuality that the members of the theatre community obsess over, not the more important and challenging intellectual diversity of opinions that they reject and ignore.In many ways, classical music bears the same markings.  The things this writer has heard from the podium….  I do have one friend, an organist, who is gay, and has a sad history that he still is trying to put behind him.  This guy is openly a raging conservative, but really he’s about the only one.  The others, if they are known as conservatives, are very quiet about it.  Our opinions and positions, no matter how well researched and defended, are simply not respected in the political arena among our arts peers.  It makes going out after rehearsals and gigs for bonding sessions a painful experience.The arts, actually, have forever been infested with what we call “liberals” today.  This is not a new phenomenon.  Chastising a member of the audience, on the other hand, has not been done directly from the cast before now.  (We won’t count the number of people affected by Mel Gibson’s “The Passion of the Christ.”)  It was done in very bad form.  And those of us who hail from the world of the arts and love it warts and all, are not happy at all that such an event happened regardless of the forgiving graciousness of the Vice President-elect.  The hospitality that the liberals among us claim to espouse was not on display.  There is no excuse for that.



MyVisits Counter








One thing is assured any time the pope – any pope – talks about a “controversial” topic.  People will listen.  Even people who have eschewed the Catholic Church and all she stands for if for no other reason to ridicule and lecture Catholics.  Well, Pope Francis made a change, again, in the absolution procedures for the sin of procuring, assisting in or causing an abortion, and all hell has broken loose.  Unlike earlier in the year when a procedural convenience was made permanent, this change actually is a change.Allow me to explain.In the full list of sins for Catholics, abortion is one of a handful that are so heinous, they are in a category that automatically incurs what is called latae sententiae excommunication.  That means that “by the act” the human puts himself or herself OUTSIDE of the Christian Community.  This is not a formal bull of excommunication that is posted for heresy (teaching or espousing that which is against the Church in one way or another), but a very personal sort of separation.  However, in order to have the excommunication lifted – this is a spiritual remedy, not a punishment – which would allow for absolution (it is not granted if one is excommunicated), there is some administrative paperwork that needs to happen.Earlier in his pontificate, Pope Francis officially transferred the paperwork procedure to the parishes for abortion, rather than sending it through the bishops’ offices, a practice that had been in place in the United States and other western nations infested with modernism for decades.  It just made things smoother.  With Monday’s move, Canon Law actually will have to be changed as the formal procedure of lifting the excommunication has been dropped.“I wish to restate as firmly as I can that abortion is a grave sin, since it puts an end to an innocent life,” the pope wrote. “In the same way, however, I can and must state that there is no sin that God’s mercy cannot reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking to be reconciled with the Father.”Speaking to reporters during a Vatican news conference Nov. 21, Archbishop Rino Fisichella said procuring an abortion still results in automatic excommunication the very moment the procedure is carried out.Sacramental absolution, therefore, is not just forgiving the sin of abortion, but also means “the excommunication is removed,” he said.Now that all priests have been given the faculty to lift the excommunication and grant absolution, the Code of Canon Law will have to be updated, said the archbishop, who is president of the Pontifical Council for Promoting New Evangelization, the office that organized events for the Year of Mercy.Pope Francis, truly, has picked up the baton of a number of late 19th century and 20th century figures in Catholicism when it comes to his message on God’s mercy.  The main proponent of the message was Pope Saint John Paul II, along with a Polish nun known to him during his life who was canonized during his pontificate.  Her name is St. Faustina, the Divine Mercy image to the left is taken from an entry in her papers, and her diary speaks of Divine Mercy in terms many never considered before. (It’s a tough, but good read.)  By declaring the just completed Year of Mercy, Pope Francis reminds the flock that returning to God is always possible, yes, even for those who are involved with abortion.  The Church is a hospital for sinners, not an exclusive club.In Catholicism, though, there is a catch to receiving absolution no matter what your sins.  Confession must be made, and the Penance (the real name of the Sacrament) must be carried out with a contrite heart.  We are supposed to be sorry for our sins.  That’s something a lot of us need to work on.



Free Visits Counter








Not many people in American media today speak as plainly as Fox News’ Judge Jeanine Pirro.  Very few can get away with the firey rhetoric, and blame laying, either.  So, when something in American life happens that sparks her ire, the crosshairs tighten over the target and BAM!On Saturday, November 19, the judge’s outright anger was aimed squarely at a cast of a popular Broadway musical, Hamilton, who saw fit to lecture Vice President-Elect Mike Pence at the Friday night performance in New York City. Pence was there with his family to take in the popular stage offering.  What the conservative Vice President-elect got after the curtain call was a lecture from an actor playing the part of one of the Founding Fathers of the United States of America who happened to disagree with everything the left advocates.  The Judge’s words to the cast during her opening statement were pointed, adult, and aimed at a class of entertainment workers who over estimate their importance.  Watch:“Out and out reverse racism and teed up hate.”  Not many Americans can get away with that statement in today’s politically correct culture.  Judge Jeanine, though, pretty much said the words that all the people who made #BoycottHamilton the most popular hashtag on the internet were thinking.  No matter what your personal preference, being rude to a man with no scandal attached to his name and who was just elected Vice President is unacceptable behavior.  Lecturing such a person is even more beyond the pale, especially when the subject matter is subjective and the premise of the statement wrong on its face to boot.Judge Jeanine, though, does hammer home a point about the entertainment industry that so many of the inmates of that particular asylum don’t get: art in the form of theater is generally not, at least not anymore, about delivering political messages.  In centuries past, yes, there were plays by notable playrights such as Pierre de Beaumarchais, and Shakespeare that were blatantly political.  Art is supposed to be inspirational and thought provoking, not hit one member of the audience over the head with a sermon just because you can.Such are the times in which we live, when public figures cannot even partake of life in America without being attacked by those they patronize as customers.  The whole episode is just mind-boggling.



My Traffic Estimate








Today, a young woman working for an anti-child trafficking organization was laid to rest.  Her name was Monica Petersen, and she turned up dead in Haiti on Sunday after posting “I Found A Smoking Gun” on social media.  Her friends and family are calling foul as her family cannot get believable information from Haitian authorities, and Ms. Petersen just happened to publicly post some reports that implicate the Clintons’ involvement in alleged human trafficking via a mine run by Hillary Clinton’s brother Tony Rodham.A compilation of the various threads from reddit, Facebook, Twitter, Imgur and more can be found on the Reddit The Donald page here.Go figure.  Just like any number of people either close to the Clintons or investigating them who could possibly end up a material witness during a trial, Ms. Petersen ends up dead.  This, for those following the “fake news” propaganda coming out of globalists, leftists, and the disgraced legacy media, is why there is a “Clinton Body Count.”  Monica Petersen’s name may well be added to it.According to several reports, Haiti has been a nexus for child trafficking for a number of years.  In fact, found in the thousands of emails released by WikiLeaks from John Podesta’s email account, information surfaced that Hillary Clinton assisted a Haitian woman, Laura Silsby, known to be involved in child trafficking in 2010 when she was caught trying to take 33 children – not orphans – out of Haiti.  The two women’s history is known to reach back at least fifteen years.  Also in the Podesta emails are several archaic conversations about pizza that have taken on the aura of internet lore (what some call conspiracy theories) known as #pizzagate, and reportedly is the tip of the iceberg in an international child trafficking ring.The rabbit hole gets very deep when one considers how many times Bill Clinton is known to have traveled Jeffrey Epstein’s private child molestation island.Did Monica Petersen get too close? A tenacious young woman investigating one of the most egregious crimes any human can commit, if she got too close to the criminal element and was known to them, it is a definite possibility.  A good friend of hers named Bella claims she found out what happened and is refusing to elaborate on public messaging boards.  Whatever the case is, the people around the Clintons and those investigating them sure do tend to end up dead.Additional information: this Twitter thread, and Steemit News.



Accurate Visits








Oh, to be young and stupid again.  Let’s face it, we all were at some point, and had no idea.  Eventually, though, we grew out of it, usually recognizing that there really is something to be learned from our elders.  (Usually.  Not always.)  The problem with the typical millennial is that they don’t realize that is a condition of every generation prior to their gaining three decades of experience of life on the planet. (By that time, if you don’t know that you don’t know jack, you’re probably a professor on a college campus.)Take the special snowflake who actually agreed to be interviewed by Tucker Carlson on his show Wednesday.  This millennial…well, doesn’t know what he doesn’t know.  Watch:Schools are now teaching that anyone from around the world has a right to come here to work, and always has?  Ellis Island doesn’t ring a bell, where newcomers were herded through the immigration lines, documented often with names misspelled, and then quarantined for months to be sure no disease was imported?  I hate to be the bearer of bad news to this little darling, but relatives of some ancestors got sent back to their countries of origin due to disease.  The people at the front of the line in those days were usually skilled labor.  In this writer’s family, even the skilled labor people had every intention of returning to the old country until there was a revolution.  They came here to find work, not draw a dole.LEGALLY.And that is the sticking point that Tucker tried to impress on this special snowflake.  If immigration law is ignored simply due to the low skill sets of the illegals coming into the country, why should ANY laws be obeyed?  The reality is that in the 19th century, this writer’s ancestors came to this side of the pond, some via Canada, to avoid starvation.  Others came due to the plentiful farmland.  Later, when zinc smelting needed workers, yet more emigrated.  All were hated in their time mostly due to being Catholic, and came in under quota systems.  But still, this was all legal.It is a sad truth that many illegals are here due to no fault of their own.  At the same time, it is not fair to those who have gone the legal route for someone to just come to this nation and expect all the same rights and privileges as a citizen.  That’s what Tucker tried to tell this young man, and what he stubbornly refused to see.



Live Stats For Website








Now that the powers that be at Twitter and Facebook are flexing their proverbial muscles and are busy messing with search algorithms and deleting accounts of the “alt-right” for hate speech, a new social media platform is getting a lot of attention.Gab, a social media site where the first amendment is printed on the splash page, and the bug symbol is Pepe the frog (a Spanish name for the symbol of the French?  Okay), was started in August 2016 in response to Breitbart’s Milo Yiannopoulos’ banishment from Twitter for harassment.  The idea of the platform is to allow unrestricted free speech, other than pornography, private information, threats and terrorism.  (That’s on the guidelines page.)  The look and feel of the site is described this way by The Guardian:Looking like a cleanly designed hybrid of Twitter and Reddit, it allows users to post updates without character limits, with memes, links and gifs.The Guardian goes on to say that the site supposedly has tens of thousands of people on a wait list.  This writer went to sign up, and this is what popped on the screen.Looks like a lot of conservatives got there before me.  According to the confirmation email, it may well take up to two weeks to become a gabber since demand is so high, and the system is still in beta.Those who have been able to get in – reportedly the service currently has tens of thousands of people on its waiting list – will see that many of the most read and upvoted content comes from alt-right accounts that have long since been bounced from Twitter. As a result, spending time on Gab feels like hanging out with exiled ghosts.It’s as if the political left did not think that the “alt-right” and other conservatives wouldn’t go looking for another way and place to congregate online.  (Do they really think we are that wishy washy and undetermined?)  The Guardian, and a number of other leftist, and left leaning publications claim that Gab is basically a gathering place for white supremacy racists, but the founder, Andrew Torba, says no.Gab founder and CEO of the service, Andrew Torba, insisted in a “gab” that “we welcome everyone and always will”. But so far, you need to look pretty hard to find accounts not posting a pro-Trump line.Torba also says that it is not “Twitter for racists”. But there is no shortage of racially charged material to be found there.The motto at Gab is #SpeakFreely, and that does have to include racists (that doesn’t mean that the other users can’t vote the material down, though).  So, who is speaking freely at Gab?  Ann Coulter, Paul Joseph Watson, Richard Spencer of the National Policy Institute, and other familiar names on the American political right bannished from other social media platforms for the crime of supporting Donald Trump for president.Torba, actually, was one of the few Silicon Valley visionaries who was pro-Trump.  The other people in the technological hotspot aren’t too happy with him, actually, and last week he was kicked out of Y Combinator, an incubation/venture capital/mentoring group that is considered to be one of the best tech company producers in the country.On Thursday, he doubled down on the triumphalism.The left wing has asserted full control of Twitter now, so the right wing will just have to make do with #Gab, #WeSearchr, Breitbart, the House of Representatives, the Senate, the Supreme Court, and the White House. #MAGA”Meanwhile Torba is ecstatic. Like Dickinson, he’s a pro-Trump Silicon Valley identity whose views and behavior have put him offside with some big players.Before Gab, he founded a social media ad automator. But just last week, he was banned from startup incubator Y Combinator after the organization alleged that he spoke in “a threatening, harassing way” to other members on Facebook in a succession of discussions where he supported Trump.But on Gab this Tuesday, he was celebrating the service’s newfound success: “Today has been Gab’s biggest day yet. Time to upgrade our hosting. :)”It could well be that Gab becomes a hang out for the #AltRight if no one else joins the party.  In the meantime, since Twitter and Facebook are exercising their version of social engineering via censorship, conservatives may as well congregate where we can at least talk without fear of retribution.For more information about Andrew Torba being exiled from Y Combinator, visit Breitbart. 



My Traffic Estimate








In the battle for the internet, the big question has to do with the United States maintaining control.  (So long as the companies in command aren’t bought out by foreign conglomerates, no worries.)  So far as the actual domain names are concerned, that is not an issue.  Physical storage of data, on the other hand, is becoming one.  Russia, for example, passed a law in 2014 that says social media data storage must be held on servers within Russia.  This week, social media networking site LinkedIn was found to be in violation of that law, and has been shut down in Vladimir Putin’s territory.The Kremlin says there’s nothing to worry about, but Russian social network users fear that blocking LinkedIn is only a first step.Many believe this ban is about censorship and control, not data protection. They’re concerned that more popular sites such as Facebook and Twitter will be next.One vivid cartoon shows the grim reaper, bearing the logo of Russia’s communications regulator, heading for a door with the Facebook logo. Behind him lies a trail of blood from attacks on other sites.Another user declares that the ban on LinkedIn marks “a new era in mass censorship,” while another fears that further restrictions will be creeping: “They’re like sadists, doing it bit by bit.”LinkedIn officials are interested in talking to Russian authorities to resolve the local data storage questions, as local service providers have already started shutting off access to the site.  At this time, the Russian government does not look to be ready to intervene should this issue turn into a bigger nightmare.However, the people of Russia are not happy with the appearance of censorship given the history of Soviet practices for several decades in the 20th century.Social media has played a critical role in organising opposition protests in Russia. Such sites have also become an increasingly important alternative source of information, as state control over traditional media has increased.If that is the case, LinkedIn is a curious first step given the nature of the platform.  But just like with anything else, starting up censorship has to begin somewhere. 



Free Visits Counter








Now that Donald Trump is President-elect, not just an American billionaire shooting his mouth off on the campaign trail, all of the various sectors of the world’s economy are starting to actually respond to what he had to say.  Take Saudi Arabia, for example.  When it looked like Hillary Clinton would win the White House, they didn’t say much as Donald Trump talked about the United States being energy independent.  Now that the preferred scenario for yhe Saudis did not pan out, they are facing the prospect that one of their two industries might well dry up.Saudi energy minister Khalid al-Falih warned this week that banning oil from his kingdom could backfire.“At his heart, President-elect Trump will see the benefits and I think the oil industry will also be advising him accordingly that blocking trade in any product is not healthy,” Falih told the Financial Times.The powerful Saudi minister added that “energy is the lifeblood of the global economy” and the U.S. “benefits more than anybody else from global free trade.”Just to interpret for Americans who do not believe in nuance, that’s a threat and a dare all rolled into one.  Buy oil from us, or else.  After all, the sale of oil is bankrolling Saudi Arabia’s OTHER industry: exporting and setting up Islam in nations where Christianity no longer carries zeal.Don’t know if the Saudis have been paying attention, but the world’s largest oil reserve was discovered in western Texas.  The announcement was made this week.  With modern technology, shipping oil across oceans just might not be needed anymore.Given the events of the last week as President-elect Trump has begun putting together his transition team and interviewing for the Cabinet, his modus operandi has begun to take shape.  He chooses his advisers carefully.  Those who he considers to be part of the problem are not consulted.  That universe may well include the lobbyists for OPEC, the cartel that controls oil output from almost all producers.At this time, the United States does import oil from around the world. The largest supplier is actually Canada.  Saudi Arabia is second with over a million barrels imported daily.Yes, oil is the lifeblood of the world economy.  However, the United States, technically, not only has the largest market for oil, but the largest reserves.  In a right side up economic situation, this should greatly benefit us.  President-elect Trump understands this, and aims to make that concept a reality.



WebPage Visits








Don’t know about anyone else, but if pharmaceutical companies want to make some quick cash, they need to market whatever ObamaCare architect and guru Jonathan Gruber is smoking or drinking.  He is totally delusional.(Remember Dr. Gruber?  He was the one caught on video talking about the stupidity of the American voter and how great a political advantage obscurity was.)Gruber appeared on Fox Business with Maria Bartiromo, a very smart, very honest woman who knows her stuff.  She started asking him about the economic impact of ObamaCare, and he denied that there was any.  No, really.  Watch:So, just so we have this straight:And Maria didn’t even get to the number of people in the nation, like a member of this household, whose hours were cut from 39 to 29 per week in order to keep them under the “full-time” threshold, thus assuring that they need to work a second job. But, according to Dr. Gruber who is inhaling something not quite right in that ivory tower, this is not empirical evidence or data and should not be used to determine whether or not ObamaCare is depressing the economy.Seriously, anything that causes those delusions could be more popular than most of the happy drugs on the market today.H/T – sundance



My Traffic Estimate








It’s beginning to sound like war is going to break out at Fox News.  Well, at least among the Irish assets.  (Yes, it’s complicated. Trust someone who is more Irish than anything else.) The verbally pugilistic prime time talking heads come at their jobs from different perspectives.  Okay, that’s fine.  But go the disloyal route, and at least one of the outspoken Irish is going to call you out.So it seemed was the case with Bill O’Reilly who appeared on CBS This Morning with best selling author James Patterson to talk about his own children’s book on manners which was just published. O’Reilly was asked about Megyn Kelly and some of the allegations she makes in HER book about Fox News, and he took a stance that started to sound like picking a fight.And then Billy proceeded to talk about it on his own show.WHEW! He is talking about Megyn Kelly who has been yakking about the internal atmosphere at Fox News in her “memoirs.”  (Uh, Megyn, you’re too young to be writing memoirs.  Too unimportant, too, even if you don’t believe that.)  Really, O’Reilly does have a point.  If you have a problem in the workplace, complaining about it so publicly is not the way to address the issue.  In fact, that action really should be a fireable offense.  (Point of fact, people have been fired for such things.)  For those of us who have our issues with Megyn Kelly – mainly that she dresses like she should be standing on a street corner, and doesn’t know when to retrench her interests – this was really rather refreshing to see.Bill O’Reilly and his style are not for everyone, but his position is completely defensible.  Sexual harassment is only considered so if the attentions are unwanted.  Why it took multi-million dollar lawsuits settle out of court to expose such an atmosphere – if it really exists – is another question.  If O’Reilly was not involved, even if he knew, staying out of the fray is the best course of action until one is called to a witness stand.Now, time to make snacks before the next round.



Website Stats








Every new leader has his or her own style.  Some are open and gregarious.  Some are micromanagers.  Some are dictators.  Donald Trump appears to be private.  At least about some things.  And to the mainstream media posse that follows around the president-elect, and/or the president himself, that privacy is a barrier to them doing their jobs.  Supposedly.See, on Tuesday evening, the Trump media pool was told the day was done.  Nothing else would be happening at Trump Tower.  Then, later on in the evening, a reporter at Bloomberg posted this on Twitter:
Trump and the family went to the 21 Club in New York City for dinner – and they ditched the press.Most Americans would be chuckling under their breaths at giving the media the slip.  Really, does every detail of the man’s life HAVE to be broadcast to the world?  According to the people who follow the president around, yes.  However, Donald Trump has other ideas and the press is not amused by them.  On the campaign trail, they were not permitted on his plane, and routinely Trump has decried the way in which facts and events were reported.  This is setting up a contentious relationship that will undoubtedly continue when the man moves into the White House.With his Tuesday night actions, the Trump Administration is shaping up to be the least accessible to the public and the press in modern history.At this point, the mainstream media is smarting due to inattention, actually, which could be adding to the rancor.  Trump has not held a press conference since summer, and there has not been one mention of when he might hold a presser in the future.  Previous president-elects have at least held press conferences.  The Trump camp does not seem inclined to do so any time in the future.Many of us out here on the fruited plain are anxious to actually see a Trump press conference once he’s in office.  The media’s big word on administrations fawning over them is “transparency.”  The complaints are already starting that Trump is setting up the least transparent administration in modern memory (they seem to forget Helen Thomas taking apart of Obama’s press secretaries on that score), and all the man wanted to do was take his family to dinner.



WebPage Visits








One of the keystone issues of President-Elect Donald Trump’s campaign was the promise to deport illegal aliens who commit crimes in the United States.  This should be a no brainer, but due to the concept of “sanctuary cities,” such people essentially can find asylum within the nation in any one of these locales – all run by Democrats, by the way.On Tuesday, after President-Elect Trump once again reiterated the reality that criminal illegal aliens needed to be deported, the police chiefs in Denver and Los Angeles vowed not to cooperate with federal officials in turning over such people to be removed from the country.Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said Monday that the force would not change its stance on immigration enforcement, the Los Angeles Times reported. The move is an apparent act of defiance against the president-elect’s promise to deport or imprison up to 3 million undocumented immigrants after his inauguration.Since 1979, the LAPD has barred officers from contacting people solely to investigate whether they are in the country legally, the LA Times noted. During Beck’s tenure, the department also stopped bringing suspects in minor crimes to federal authorities.“I don’t intend on doing anything different,” Beck told the newspaper. “We are not going to engage in law enforcement activities solely based on somebody’s immigration status. We are not going to work in conjunction with Homeland Security on deportation efforts. That is not our job, nor will I make it our job.”Also defiant in the face of growing popular sentiment that violent criminals be deported, is the Denver Police Department:“Immigration enforcement is handled at the federal level, not by local law enforcement,” Denver Police spokesman Doug Schepman said in a statement. “The Denver Police Department has not participated in those enforcement efforts in the past and will not be involved in the future.”In order to find the illegal alien suspects of crime, federal law enforcement needs the cooperation of local officials.  Local LEOs are the ones on the ground.  Refusing to help the federal forces, the U.S. Marshalls Service and the FBI, may not go over very well.  Trump also has threatened to revoke sanctuary city funding for the municipalities that refuse to cooperate.Any way it’s sliced, this may not be all that smart a move on their parts.



Unique Hits








Just to change things up, since People Magazine FINALLY recognized the sexy virility of professional soccer players in naming England’s David Beckham to the title, in 2016, the popular supermarket offering gives us a former wrestler and actor as the “Sexiest Man Alive.”Not to discount Dwayne Johnson, because he’s really not bad looking, but what about this?Okay, the sheer number of tats Argentina’s Lio Messi sports can be offputting, but International Football also gives us Cristiano Ronaldo, even if he is from Portugal (in big league soccer this is a problem):But, no, sexiest man alive goes to Dwayne Johnson.  And what does he have to say about it?Johnson is expecting to get some grief from his friends over the title.“It’s coming now. I can just imagine how it’s going to be,” the former wrestling champion says with a big laugh. “But see, here’s the thing: They give me grief, but they all wish. They all wish.”What makes Johnson sexy? “This is the kind of question that gets me into trouble,” he jokes. In all seriousness, he says “a sense of humor” is probably the sexiest thing about himself. “And I think probably just not trying to be sexy and just being cool and confident in your movies,” the Jumanji actor adds. “I think with a lot of my fans, I’ve gotten to a very, very cool place where there’s a direct line between the man they know off-screen and the man they see on-screen.”Dwayne, honey, please, check your man card at the door.So, guys, the real secret to being sexy is to take care of yourself and dress like you care…well, and wearing a kilt.  And, while you’re at it, please, put the seat down.



Measure Website Visitors








Former President George W. Bush has a soul after all.  Every now and then word would leak out that he and Vice President Dick Cheney regularly met with the families of those killed in the War on Terror.  It was seen then, as now, as a classy gesture to at least acknowledge that war is hell and families losing their sons and daughters to it was no joke to the pair.After his time in the White House, the former Chief Executive took up oil painting.  As the creative arts go, those who paint, oil and otherwise, after a traumatic experience find the activity cathartic in a way, kind of like the peace of fishing.  After eight years, President Bush 43 now reveals that he has taken to painting portraits of warriors from the Middle East campaign.From President Bush’s Facebook account:Over the past several months, I’ve painted the portraits of 98 wounded warriors I’ve gotten to know – remarkable men and women who were injured carrying out my orders. I think about them on #VeteransDay and every day. Their paintings and stories will be featured in PORTRAITS OF COURAGE – a book and special exhibit – next spring, and I am donating all my proceeds to the George W. Bush Presidential Center and our Military Service Initiative’s work to honor and support them.The Portraits of Courage exhibit will be open for public at the George W. Bush Presidential Center March 2-October 1, 2017.  A book, most likely a portrait-sized coffee table edition, will accompany the exhibit.  From the Portraits of Courage webpage:Our men and women in uniform have faced down enemies, liberated millions, and in doing so showed the true compassion of our nation. Often, they return home with injuries—both visible and invisible—that intensify the challenges of transitioning into civilian life. In addition to these burdens, research shows a civilian-military divide. Seventy-one percent of Americans say they have little understanding of the issues facing veterans, and veterans agree: eighty-four percent say that the public has “little awareness” of the issues facing them and their families. 



Measure Website Visitors








FEMALE MUSLIM PROFESSOR SAYS RAPE IS AN ACCEPTABLE FORM OF HUMILIATION:“The female prisoners of wars are ‘those whom you own.’ In order to humiliate them, they become the property of the army commander, or of a Muslim, and he can have sex with them just like he has sex with his wives.”MUSLIM IMAM BLAMES THE VICTIM:
Warning women against “adding fuel to the fire”, the Imam of a Salafist Cologne mosque has said the victims of the New Year’s Eve attacks in that city were themselves responsible for their sex assault, by dressing inappropriately and wearing perfume.Speaking to major Russian channel REN TV, Imam Sami Abu-Yusuf’s remarks came during a 12 minute segment bringing Russians up to date with the latest developments in the migrant invasion of Europe. Sandwiched between eyewitness-footage of migrant rampages in Cologne, women being sexually assaulted by apparently Arab gangs, and a segment on a surge of interest in self defence courses in Germany the Imam told the interviewer: “we need to react properly, and not to add fuel to the fire”.Explaining in the view of Salafist Islam why hundreds of women found themselves groped, sexually assaulted and in some cases raped by gangs of migrant men in cities across Germany the Imam said: “the events of New Year’s Eve were the girls own fault, because they were half naked and wearing perfume. It is not surprising the men wanted to attack them. [Dressing like that] is like adding fuel to the fire”.The tone of the report was telling, expressing no surprise that Muslim mass migration would result in violence and gang-rape. The narrator of the report told viewers that after the events of New Year’s Eve it was becoming difficult to tell who’s country Germany was, one belonging to Muslims or to Germans. Also expressed was the opinion that the sex attacks were no more than a dress rehearsal for something much bigger to come.
READ MORE: BREITBARTSHARIA BLAMES THE FEMALE VICTIM:








Watch my #OpeningStatment – pic.twitter.com/QpkZW7EHiu— Jeanine Pirro (@JudgeJeanine) April 2, 2017








Vermont Sen. Bernard Sanders told CNN Thursday that President Trump’s plan to prioritize job creation over climate change regulations is “stupid and dangerous.”
The commander in chief signed an “Energy Independence” executive order Tuesday as a means of rolling back former President Barack Obama’s Clean Power Plan. Mr. Trump said his policies will cause “wealth to pour into our communities,” although Mr. Sanders frames it as a recipe for environmental disaster.
“[This plan is a] nonsensical, and stupid, and dangerous approach,” Mr. Sanders told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer Thursday. “It’s almost indescribable. Look, the scientific community is virtually unanimous. While Trump and his friends think climate change is a hoax, what the scientists are telling us it is real, it is caused by human activity. It is already causing devastating problems.”
The Trump administration argues on the White House website that its actions will prevent $39 billion in electricity hikes, allow 242 million tons of coal to benefit the American economy, and disbands the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases.
“I am taking historic steps to lift restrictions on American energy, to reverse government intrusion and to cancel job-killing regulations,” Mr. Trump said Tuesday while surrounded by coal industry executives.
Kentucky Coal Association President Tyler White cheered the move soon afterward.Read more: WT








Trump compared the ongoing narrative to the same predictions during the election that turned out to be false.“It is the same Fake News Media that said there is “no path to victory for Trump” that is now pushing the phony Russia story,” he wrote. “A total scam!”The ongoing story was fueled by Trump former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn after reports that he would be willing to testify in the congressional investigation of the campaign if granted immunity.“Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt,” Trump said on Twitter this week.On Friday, Chuck Todd criticized Trump for fueling the Russia story on Twitter.“Obviously, the Russia cloud darkens all of the time, and all of these problems right now that they’re dealing with front and center are self-inflicted by one person, the President of the United States, who could not help himself with a tweet on this wiretapping nonsense,” Todd said during an interview with his colleague Andrea Mitchell.Read more: Breitbart News








Confusing different policies and different ideologies defines the modern Democratic Party…Whether it’s on domestic or foreign policy, you can count on the Democrats to confuse the heck out of the American people…Andrew McCarthy says it best in his National Review column, “Democrats Know the Election Was Legitimate but Persist in a Dangerous Fraud.” Andy reminds us of the Democrats’ 180 on “accepting the results of the election.”“Horrifying!” inveighed an indignant Hillary Clinton at the last presidential debate, less than three weeks before Election Day. What so horrified her? Donald Trump’s refusal to pledge that he would accept the legitimacy of the election.Trump speculated that the electoral process could be rigged. Until he saw how it played out, the Republican nominee said, he could not concede that the result would be on the up-and-up.
***
A flabbergasted Clinton responded that she was shocked — horrified! — to hear Trump “talking down our democracy.” This was a top theme in her campaign’s closing days: The election was absolutely legitimate; Trump was traitorously condemnable for refusing to say so.Of course, Clinton and the Democrats who parroted her would prefer that you forget that now.Ever since election day, the Democrats have tried to undermine the Trump administration by questioning the legitimacy of his victory. But until now, I don’t recall any of them actually denying that Trump won the election. That is the position taken last night by the newly-installed Chairman of the Democratic National Committee, Tom Perez.Speaking to a Democratic rally in Newark, Perez said, among other things: “Republicans don’t give a shit about people” and “Donald Trump, you didn’t win the election.” According to Perez, the wrong candidate was inaugurated on January 20.And the knock on Perez when he ran for DNC Chairman was that he wasn’t crazy enough! In today’s Democratic Party, insanity isn’t optional. It is mandatory.Via: Powerline








THIRTEEN REASONS TO DECLARE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD A TERRORIST ORGANIZATION HERE’S REASON NUMBER 1 – PLEASE GO TO THE LINK ABOVE FOR THE COMPLETE LIST1. The motto and logo of the Muslim Brotherhood speak for themselves. The motto is “Allah is our objective. The Prophet is our leader. The Qur’an is our law. Jihad is our way. Dying in the way of Allah is our highest hope. [Allah is greater!].” The logo includes crossed swords and the Quran emblazoned across the Earth. Below the swords is the Arabic word for “prepare,” which is pulled from Quran 8:60 on the spoils of war:muslimbrotherhood“And prepare against them whatever you are able of power and of steeds of war by which you may terrify the enemy of Allah and your enemy and others besides them whom you do not know [but] whom Allah knows. And whatever you spend in the cause of Allah will be fully repaid to you, and you will not be wronged.”“We are not terrorists,” wrote el-Haddad in a recent article in the New York Times.“The Muslim Brotherhood’s philosophy is inspired by an understanding of Islam that emphasizes the values of social justice, equality and the rule of law… We believe that our faith is inherently pluralistic and comprehensive and that no one has a divine mandate or the right to impose a single vision on society… Nothing speaks more to our unequivocal commitment to nonviolence than our continued insistence on peaceful resistance, despite unprecedented state violence”.The “faith”, which el-Haddad avoids naming, is Islam. The very essence of Islam, as sanctioned in the Quran and the hadiths, however, seems to be the belief in a divine mandate to impose the single vision of Islam on the world — if necessary, through violent jihad. Its motto is:“Allah is our objective; the Prophet is our leader; the Quran is our law; Jihad is our way; dying in the way of Allah is our highest hope”.Even dawa, the Islamic call to conversion, or proselytizing — as explained by the Muslim Brotherhood’s spiritual leader, Yusuf al-Qaradawi, host of one of Al Jazeera’s most popular programs, Sharia and Life, which reaches an estimated 60 million viewers worldwide — is an Islamic summons for the non-violent conquest of non-Muslim lands. As Qaradawi told a Muslim Arab Youth Association convention in Toledo, Ohio, in 1995, “We will conquer Europe, we will conquer America! Not through sword but through Da’wa.”Qaradawi, in a recording from 2007, says that the aim of this “peaceful” conquest consists mainly of the introduction of Islamic law, sharia. According to Qaradawi, sharia should be introduced in a new country gradually, over a five-year period, before implementing it in full. Sharia includes the end of free speech under “blasphemy laws”; the oppression of women, including women being worth half as much as a man in court and inheritance; polygamy, and the persecution of Jews (Qaradawi advocates killing all of them). Qaradawi has explained in TV recordings how sharia also includes chopping off hands for theft, killing apostates and homosexuals, as well as beating women as a means of “disciplining” them.The New York Times, ostensibly concerned with “fake news”, evidently has no qualms about lending its pages to such straightforward propaganda as El-Haddad’s piece on behalf of the Muslim Brotherhood.Read more: Gatestone Institute








Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e’s in cahoots with Obama to continue the “fundamental transformation” of America. Anyone who’s a Democrat should be shocked that he’s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you’ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it’s not a good one for any American.“DONALD TRUMP DIDN’T WIN”WATCH ENTIRE VIDEO: “Republicans don’t give a sh*t about people”








Mary Anne Marsh, a democrat, reveals that the Obama admin had been investigating Trump since the spring of 2015!! pic.twitter.com/PYlhTAhOhE— Dagny Delinquent (@DagnyDelinquent) March 31, 2017AND NOW FOR A LITTLE REALITY CHECK: A former acting director of the CIA who advised the Hillary Clinton campaign says he has yet to see even a “spark” of evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with the Russian government during the presidential campaign.Michael Morell also said Wednesday that he has serious questions about the 35-page dossier alleging campaign collusion because the author of the document paid his sources through intermediaries.“On the question of the Trump campaign conspiring with the Russians here, there is smoke, but there is no fire, at all,” Morell told a crowd of intelligence analysts at an event hosted by the Cipher Brief, a website that monitors the intelligence community.Read more: DAILY CALLER








Russia gave John Podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. pic.twitter.com/cf042XZLeU— Based Vet 🇺🇸 (@BasedVet) March 28, 2017








Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.comA battle for “mankind” is taking place inside a Northern Arizona University classroom.
An English major at NAU contacted an educational watchdog this week after she was penalized for refusing to use a gender-neutral term in lieu of “mankind.” A follow-up email by Dr. Anne Scott said that anyone who does not abide by the “letter or spirit” of the class must be docked for their decision.“Included with class rules were several examples of what was and wasn’t OK to use,” student Cailin Jefferstold Campus Reform Tuesday. “In one of these examples she stated that we could not use the word ‘mankind.’ Instead, we should use ‘humankind.’ I thought this was absurd, and I wasn’t sure if she was serious.”
Dr. Scott took one point out of 50 off Ms. Jeffers‘ paper and noted that the Modern Language Association is working to have gender-neutral guidelines adopted on a national level.“I will respect your choice to leave your diction choices ‘as is’ and to make whatever political and linguistic statement you want to make by doing so,” the professor wrote. “By the same token, I will still need to subtract a point because your choice will not be made in the letter or spirit of this particular class, which is all about having you and other students looking beneath your assumptions and understanding that ‘mankind’ does not mean ‘all people’ to all people. It positively does not.”An email was sent to the entire class shortly afterward, which stated the “crucial” need to recognize that “our word choices mean a great deal and have consequences in terms of what we reveal about our assumptions about ourselves and others, and the world generally.”Via: WT








Estimates vary, but remittances from those in the U.S. to their relatives back home could top $130 billion a year. A 2 percent tax could net more than $2 billion a year if it applied to all money regardless of who’s sending it.“This bill is simple — anyone who sends their money to countries that benefit from our porous borders and illegal immigration should be responsible for providing some of the funds needed to complete the wall,” Rep. Mike Rogers, Alabama Republican, said in a statement. “This bill keeps money in the American economy, and most importantly, it creates a funding stream to build the wall.”Mr. Rogers and Rep. Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania are leading the effort.Mr. Trump has vowed to make Mexico foot the bill for his border wall, but Mexican authorities have said they won’t play along. Left without a funding source, the president has said American taxpayers will pick up the tab for now, and he’ll look for ways to soak Mexico in the long run.Read more: WT








OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THIS HUGE CASE OF HUMAN SMUGGLING: It’s always shocking to see the extremes people will go to to cross our border but China is a looong way to go to come to America…A border patrol officer opened a trunk to find 4 Chinese illegals! You know we have problems when we have people from China trying to cross our border illegally!Human smuggling is yet another reason for the wall at the southern border. We cannot keep letting people just come freely from places all over the globe. Our border really has become a GLOBAL GATEWAY for anyone and everyone. The problem is that WE CANNOT AFFORD THIS and IT’S A TERROR RISK. The bleeding heart liberals need to understand that WE ALL PAY FOR THESE PEOPLE since they are mostly economic migrants looking for freebies.U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at the San Ysidro port of entry thwarted an alleged human-smuggling attempt Tuesday after discovering four Chinese nationals concealed in the trunk of a vehicle.“Concealing persons in vehicles is dangerous and could have severe consequences,” said Pete Flores, Director of Field Operations for CBP in San Diego. “San Ysidro CBP officers stopped a violation of our immigration law and were able to resolve the incident safely.”The incident occurred at about 5:45 p.m., on Mar. 14, when a 24-year-old male U.S. citizen, entered the San Ysidro border crossing driving a 2014 Chrysler 200. While the vehicle was at the booth for inspection, a roving CBP Canine team’s Narcotic/Human Detector Dog alerted. Officers examined the vehicle’s trunk and discovered four individuals crammed inside.Officers extracted two females and two males, all Chinese nationals, from the trunk and escorted them to a secure location for further processing. Officers confirmed that the Chinese nationals had no legal ability to enter the United States.Via: TMZ








FOX News’ Adam Housley just came out with a great report (video below) that totally vindicates Intel Chair Devin Nunes in the investigation into spying and unmasking names of Trump and Trump staff. Watch the video below but here are a few highlights with tweets from Housley included:Here are a few of the highlights:1. The surveillance that led to the unmasking started way BEFORE Trump was the GOP nominee2. The person who did the unmasking is very high up in the intelligence world and is not in the FBI
3. The people reported by the NY Times were not Nunes sources. They only helped him navigate the intelligence4. Nunes was told about the unmasking of Trump’s team back in January BEFORE Trump’s tweet about Obama’s spying.
5. It took a while to coordinate Nunes seeing the intelligence reports in order to protect his source. They chose the White House because it was the only other location they could view the reporting without outing the source.
6. None of this has anything to do with Russia.
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.comVia: The Right Scoop








“Senators have a constitutional obligation to advice and consent on a nominee to fill this Supreme Court vacancy and, simply put, we have a responsibility to do our jobs as elected officials,” Manchin said in a statement Thursday. “I will vote to confirm him to be the ninth justice on the Supreme Court.”Heitcamp of North Dakota also pledged her vote for Gorsuch and released a statement to confirm: “After doing my due diligence by meeting with Judge Gorsuch and reviewing his record and testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I’ve decided to vote in favor of his confirmation. He has a record as a balanced, meticulous, and well-respected jurist who understands the rule of law,”.
Via: GP








VANITY FAIR FLUFFS UP A NEW HILLARY:Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign was marked by, among other things, her pointed fashion choices. Every color, pantsuit, jacket, and hairstyle was thought out and intentional, often sending a greater message to her constituents or at least fending off the critics who have been tearing apart her appearance since her days as First Lady—something that even a man who uses Scotch tape in lieu of a tie clip rarely endures.In the months since the election, Clinton has emerged anew from the woods and is back on the speaking circuit with a new style that fits her bolder, even more confrontational attitude toward the man she squared off against last year.On Tuesday, Clinton, in a fitted leather blazer and floral button-down, showed off one of her edgiest looks yet. While delivering the keynote address at the Professional Business Women of California conference in San Francisco, Clinton seemed to be fully embracing the next chapter of her life. She criticized current policy, urged people to “Resist, insist, persist, enlist,” and even joked about the election saying, “There is no place I’d rather be than here with you. Other than the White House.” It was a speech that, in the way Michelle Obama did during the campaign, called out Donald Trump and his administration without ever saying his name.Even her signature pantsuits have gotten a post-election makeover. On March 7, Clinton attended the 2017 Girls Inc. New York luncheon to accept the Champion for Girls award. The luncheon preceded International Women’s Day on March 8, when thousands of women would go on strike for the Day Without a Woman protest. The bright-red pantsuit—the color associated with the protest—sent a clear message to her audience (and beyond) of her solidarity with women and the movement, but it was the multicolored, collared shirt underneath the suit that stood out even more, not only for its bold mix of colors but for looking unlike anything Clinton had worn as a candidate. It was as if to say that patterns didn’t poll well with voters in Iowa, but she wasn’t working for them anymore.At the Girls Inc. luncheon Clinton rightly put the focus on women, but she has found subtle ways to criticize the man who beat her in the presidential election. At the Oscar de la Renta Forever Stamp dedication ceremony in February, she delivered a speech that moved forward and was political, highlighting the importance of the Constitution and immigrants like de la Renta: “What a fitting person to be chosen by our Postal Service, mentioned, by the way in the Constitution. And its choice of this immigrant who did so much for our country, his country, truly is what it means when we say, ‘U.S.A. Forever.’ ” For the ceremony, she wore a wool Oscar de la Renta coat and gold-disc statement necklace, which, like her speech, was just a little bit bolder than what she wore on the campaign trail.Not only does Clinton sound re-energized in these post-election appearances, she looks it too. She also got a new haircut with bangs, something that even last year wouldn’t have happened without a full-scale P.R. procedure in place. But with a new year, a lost election, and some solid hikes under her belt, Clinton seems to have found a renewed, bolder approach to public service—and style.VIA: VF








Want a free cup of coffee? Starbucks has got you covered.All you have to do is drink it while talking to someone you disagree with. That’s the premise behind the coffee behemoth’s collaboration with Harvard Business School startup ‘Hi from the Other Side’…Here’s how it works: Users can sign up for the app via Facebook and are then paired with someone nearby who identifies with the opposing political party. Each user then receives half of the information necessary to unlock a Starbucks gift card. Then, once both participants meet up, they can work together to unlock the gift cards and receive a complimentary cup of java.If you have more patience than money, though, you can find out more here.








Rene Sandler, the lawyer for the family of a Rockville High student, said her client, a 17-year-old girl, was “jumped” and beaten in the main lobby of the high school the morning of March 7, and that parents, other than the parents of the victim, were not informed.Sandler said the attack on her client came just one day after another fight involving two girls at the school. The parent community wasn’t informed about that incident, either, Sandler said. In a release Sandler’s office prepared, the lawyer said “school officials were not forthright about ongoing safety issues” at the school.On March 16, there was a report of a brutal rape by two male students who allegedly attacked a 14-year-old freshman, dragging her into a boy’s bathroom where the pair sexually assaulted her.Sandler said her client, a senior, was directed to fill out an account of the incident while she was at the nurse’s office. Sandler said police were not called at the time of the attack.Montgomery County schools have a memorandum of understanding with the Montgomery County police under which the schools are directed to call police when a crime is committed. Sandler said that’s not optional; it’s mandated. WTOP has contacted the school to ask when and whether police were notified of the March 7 attack by the school system.Montgomery County police officer Rick Goodale said police records show it was the parents who first reported the incident to police. Goodale says the parents contacted the Rockville City police.On March 9, Rockville school officials informed the student resource officer of the attack, and he followed up that same day, reviewing the video, which had popped up on several social media sites. It is not clear whether the officer was at the school the day the incident occurred or on March 9.Goodale said the SRO recommended that the 15-year-old girl seen hitting Sandler’s client should be charged with second-degree assault. Goodale says because she is a juvenile, the assailant’s case was referred to juvenile court.The school system “takes every incident very seriously, especially when it involves altercations and attacks between students,” said Montgomery County schools spokesman Derek Turner. While they didn’t inform the parent community in the March 7 case, he said, “we did work with the police department to take appropriate steps.”“MCPS doesn’t inform the community after every altercation,” Turner said, “but what we do is take steps to address the problem. That’s why we engaged in disciplinary action.”He said Bensen has also sent a note to the community about posting such incidents on social media, saying “It’s inappropriate, and it does a disservice to both the students and the community.”He added, “We want to keep parents as informed as possible with information that is pertinent to their child’s education. So we will review our practices and procedures and take the appropriate steps.”Via: wtop








Baltimore, Maryland – U.S. District Judge Richard D. Bennett sentenced Muhammad Sarmad, age 41, of Nottingham, Maryland, to 18 months in prison, followed by three years of supervised release, for conspiracy to commit food stamp fraud and wire fraud in connection with a scheme to illegally redeem food stamp benefits in exchange for cash. At the sentencing on March 27, 2017, Judge Bennett also ordered that Sarmad pay restitution of $3,550,662.Sarmad, co-defendant Mohammad Irfan, and other family members owned and/or operated New Sherwood Market, 6324 Sherwood Road in Northwood, Maryland; Martin Mart, 1504 Martin Boulevard in Middle River, Maryland; Rosedale Mart, 6326 Kenwood Avenue in Rosedale, Maryland; and M&A Mart 7400-A Belair Road in Baltimore. All of the stores were authorized to accept SNAP, except the M&A Mart. According to their plea agreements, from October 2010 through at least July 2016, Sarmad, Irfan, and their co-conspirators exchanged EBT benefits for cash, in violation of the food stamp program rules. Sarmad, Irfan, and their co-conspirators typically paid half the value of the EBT benefits in cash. To avoid detection, they often debited the funds from the card in multiple transactions over a period of hours or days, or called a different store where the transaction was processed manually. Since the M&A Mart was not authorized to accept SNAP, Sarmad or a co-conspirator would call one of the other stores to run the transaction at the other store and then hand out the cash at M&A Mart.Sarmad, Irfan and their co-conspirators received instruction regarding the requirements and regulations of the food stamp program, including that only eligible food items could be exchanged for EBT benefits, and that a retailer may never exchange EBT benefits for cash or non-food items. Sarmad admitted that from October 2010 through August 2016, Sarmad and his co-conspirators obtained more than $3.5 million in payments for food sales that never occurred or were substantially inflated.In addition to Sarmad and Irfan, nine other retail store operators have pleaded guilty to their roles in similar schemes to illegally redeem food stamp benefits in exchange for cash, and are awaiting sentencing. Three other defendants are scheduled to go to trial later this year.HERE’S A LIST OF THE OTHER STORE OPERATORS ON THIS CASE:Walayat Khan, 36, of Reisterstown; Barbara Ann Duke, 50, of Owings Mills: Maria’s Market Place, 307 S. Broadway in Baltimore; and Royals Food Market, 921 E. Patapsco Avenue in Brooklyn, Maryland. From Oct. 2013 to June 2016, Khan and Duke allegedly obtained more than $1,486,118 in payments for food sales that never happened.Shaheen Tasewar Hussain, 60, of Ellicott City: Shop & Save, 301 Crain Highway South, Suite D, Glen Burnie, Maryland. From July 2014 through October 2015, Hussain allegedly obtained more than $778,183 in payments for food sales that never happened.Kelym Novas Perez, 34, of Baltimore; and Jose Remedio Gonzalez Reyes, 50, of Baltimore: Kelym Grocery, 2734 Pennsylvania Avenue in Baltimore. From Aug. 2013 through March 2016, Perez and her husband, Gonzalez Reyes, allegedly obtained more than $879,500 in payments for food sales that never happened.Mulazam Hussain, 54, of Windsor Mill: Monroe Food Mart and Y&J Grocery in Baltimore. From March 2013 through July 2016 Hussain allegedly obtained more than $1,242,745 in payments for food sales that never happened.Mohammad Shafiq, 50, of Gwynn Oak, and his daughter, Alia Shaheen, 24, of Baltimore: Quick Stop Convenience Store, 237 N. Patterson Park Avenue; New York Food Mart, 1201 N. Patterson Park Avenue; and Barclay Food Mart, 2454 Barclay Street, all in Baltimore; and Shafiq Corporation at 6929 Holabird Avenue in Dundalk. From about Oct. 2010 through July 2016, Shafiq and Shaheen allegedly obtained more than $3,712,353 in payments for food sales that never happened or were substantially inflated.Mohammad Irfan, 59; and Muhammad Sarmad, 40, both of Nottingham: New Sherwood Market, 6324 Sherwood Road in Northwood, Maryland; Martin Mart, 1504 Martin Boulevard in Middle River, Maryland; Rosedale Mart, 6326 Kenwood Avenue in Rosedale, Maryland; and M&A Mart 7400-A Belair Road in Baltimore. From Oct. 2010 through Aug. 2016, Irfan and Sarmad allegedly obtained more than $3,550,662 in payments for food sales that never happened.Mahmood Hussain Shah, 57, of Catonsville, and Muhammad Rafiq, 58, of Reisterstown: Corner Groceries, 1242 Darley Avenue in Baltimore. From Oct. 2010 through Aug. 2016, Shah and Rafiq allegedly obtained more than $1,610,556 in payments for food sales that never happened.Rizwan Pervez, 38, of Essex: M&N Mini Mart, 1846 W. North Avenue; and Mega Mart1, 1522 Ellamont Street, both in Baltimore. From April 2014 through July 2016, Pervez, allegedly obtained more than $1,689,511 in payments for food sales that never happened.Kassem Mohammad Hafeed, a/k/a Kassam Mohammad Hafeed, 51, Baltimore: Yemen Grocery at 1400 W. Lombard Street in Baltimore. From Oct. 28, 2010 through Aug. 3, 2016, Hafeed allegedly obtained more than $1,532,642 in payments for food sales that never happened.The defendants face a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count of wire fraud; a maximum of five years in prison for conspiracy to commit food stamp fraud and wire fraud; and a maximum of five years in prison for food stamp fraud.As a result of unlawful cash transactions, the defendants obtained more than $16,482,270 in EBT deposits for transactions in which food sales never happened or were substantially inflated.Mohamad Irfan, age 59, of Baltimore, previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire and food stamp fraud, and faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison. Judge Bennett has scheduled sentencing for Irfan on May 9, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. Irfan is detained pending sentencing.Read more: Refugee Resettlement Watch








Many people were wondering why the White House was holding back on calling out the congressional intelligence oversight gang-of-eight regarding their political unwillingness to review the same executive intelligence previously reviewed by House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes.Today, you just got the answer.White House Deputy Chief-of-Staff Katie Walsh was fired today immediately following a New York Times report which outed two National Security Council members as the source for Devin Nunes “tip” to review a specific batch of President Obama’s executive intelligence. The transparent sequence of events reveals that Walsh was the source of NYT reporter Maggie Haberman’s article; (Walsh and Haberman are “friends”).Breitbart – Walsh is a “close ally of chief of staff Reince Priebus,” having served as his chief of staff at the Republican National Committee.Walsh previously told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview ahead of President Trump’s exclusive interview with Breitbart News in the Oval Office that she was in charge of the president’s schedule, and coordinating the activities of Trump’s unusual circuit of senior aides like Priebus, chief strategist and former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon, and Trump son-in-law and senior adviser to the president Jared Kushner.Walsh said in the exclusive interview with Breitbart News last month:As you know, we’ve got a lot of senior folks in the White House who have a great ability to help push the president’s agenda and message and that’s Reince Priebus, Steve Bannon, Jared Kushner, KellyAnne Conway, and others, but there is a logistical piece of that that has to get implemented and so I try and help with that. So I try and do what I can to make sure the right hand is talking to the left hand and everyone knows what everyone is doing, and there is a cohesive operation or effort to make sure, whatever we’re doing, that nothing happens in a silo if you will. So even if Reince is with the president working on something, and Jared is working on an issue related to trade, and Steve is working on an issue related to immigration or something, we try and make sure everyone is still on the same page and working together and moving together as fast as we can.But rumors surfaced online that Walsh was leaking information about the White House.“Everyone knows not to talk to her in the White House unless you want to see it in the press,” Got News editor Charles Johnson quoted a “source close to the president” as saying in February. “The only question is whether or not she’s doing it at the behest of [White House Chief of Staff] Reince Priebus or if she’s doing it to advance herself in DC media circles.”And with the White House Leaker now identified and fired, the White House challenges the congressional intelligence committee leaders, four members of the oversight ‘gang-of-eight,’ to come and review the Obama intelligence report. That review request paints Intel Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff, and Senate Intelligence Committee Vice-Chair Senator Mark Warner into a corner.President Trump is now challenging the House and Senate intel committee heads to review the evidence of President Obama’s surveillance. How can they refuse to see the truth without exposing their political agenda?Well played, Team Trump, well played.Here’s the play – FIRST THE LEAKER:White House deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh, a top aide to President Donald Trump, is leaving his administration to work for an outside group supporting the president’s agenda, three Republicans close to Trump said. […] Walsh was a close ally of White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, serving as his chief of staff when Priebus led the Republican National Committee. (link)Katie Walsh was brought on specifically because President Trump’s Chief-of-Staff Reince Priebus asked for her. Walsh was a #NeverTrumper during the 2016 primary.[Now fathom the renewed leverage/influence President Trump (and Bannon) carries over Priebus.]♦ The article written by Maggie Haberman outlined two National Security Council members as the people who facilitated the intelligence information for Devin Nunes to review:[…] The congressman [Nunes] has refused to identify his sources, saying he needed to protect them so others would feel safe coming to the committee with sensitive information. He disclosed the existence of the intelligence reports on March 22, and in his public comments he has described his sources as whistle-blowers trying to expose wrongdoing at great risk to themselves.Several current American officials identified the White House officials as Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, a lawyer who works on national security issues at the White House Counsel’s Office and formerly worked on the staff of the House Intelligence Committee.A White House spokesperson declined to comment.Mr. Cohen-Watnick is a former Defense Intelligence Agency official who was originally brought to the White House by Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser. The officials said that this month, shortly after Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter about being wiretapped on the orders of President Barack Obama, Mr. Cohen-Watnick began reviewing highly classified reports detailing the intercepted communications of foreign officials.Officials said the reports consisted primarily of ambassadors and other foreign officials talking about how they were trying to develop contacts within Mr. Trump’s family and inner circle in advance of his inauguration.The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe the intelligence and to avoid angering Mr. Cohen-Watnick and Mr. Ellis. Officials say Mr. Cohen-Watnick has been reviewing the reports from his fourth-floor office in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, where the National Security Council is based.But the officials’ description of the intelligence is in line with Mr. Nunes’s own characterization of the material, which he has said was not related to the Russia investigations when he disclosed its existence in a hastily arranged news conference.According to Mr. Nunes, he received a phone call from a source the night before, and then rushed to meet the person on the grounds of the White House. He has explained the choice of location by saying he needed access to a secure place where people with security clearances could legally view classified information, though such facilities can also be found in the Capitol building and at other locations across Washington.The next day, Mr. Nunes gave a news briefing at the Capitol and then returned to the White House to brief President Trump on the information. (link)With Ezra Cohen-Watnick, the senior director for intelligence at the National Security Council, and Michael Ellis, a lawyer who works on national security issues at the White House Counsel’s Office, outed as the source of the information for Chairman Nunes – the entire media narrative of “controversy” collapses as a nothingburger.Both Ezra Cohen-Watnick and Michael Ellis are cleared and authorized to act on behalf of the President in such matters. The President’s National Security Council has a responsibility to follow intelligence protocols to draw attention to matters of compromise; their notification of Intel Chairman Devin Nunes is following that protocol.♦ So the administration action follows – With the long-sought White House leaker (Katie Walsh) identified and released, and the controversy of the Nunes leaker a nothingburger, the White House now moves forward with a brilliant request to the Intelligence Oversight Gang-of-Eight to come and review the aforementioned discovery of President Obama surveillance.For entire story: Conservative Treehouse








A Drexel University professor – who said he wanted to “vomit” after he saw an airline passenger give their first-class seat to a U.S. soldier – engaged in a heated debate tonight with Tucker Carlson.Watch:
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.comGeorge Ciccariello-Maher argued that it’s “irresponsible” to blindly support wars that lead to the deaths of Americans and foreign civilians, so he wanted to “yell about Mosul” when he saw the act of kindness on the plane.Tucker pointed out that Ciccariello-Maher’s issue appears to be with U.S. foreign policy-makers, yet he’s blaming the soldiers.“Why is it bad to give them a first-class seat?” Tucker asked. “Somebody’s trying to be nice to guy who’s going through all these hardships … and that makes you mad. Why?” –FOX Insider








“A society can be judged by how it deals with its most vulnerable: the aged, the infirm, the disabled and the unborn.” – Mike PenceVice President Pence cast a tie-breaking Senate vote Thursday to pass legislation that will allow states to withhold federal funds from Planned Parenthood and other health care providers that perform abortions.The measure, which now goes to President Trump for his signature, dismisses an Obama-era rule banning states from denying federal funds to such organizations.Pence’s vote was needed to break a 50-50 tie. Republicans Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska broke with their party, voting against the measure.Republicans have said the Obama rule should be overturned to allow states the right to steer funds away from abortion providers, if they choose.Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, said the measure reverses a rule that “attempted to empower federal bureaucrats in Washington and silence our states.”Democrats condemned the measure throughout the day, with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York calling it “another example of the Republican war on women.”“It would let states treat women as second-class citizens who don’t deserve the same access to health care as men,” he said.The House in February had voted 230-188 largely along party lines to reject the rule under the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to overturn recently enacted regulations.Via: USA Today








The former Assistant Defense Secretary who has been on the hot seat for her admission that Trump was being spied on by the Obama administration made an appearance on CNBC to backpedal her comments. The problem is she probably got herself in more trouble by speaking up to clear the air. What she should have done is lawyer up and kept her mouth shut. If she was getting advice, whoever gave her that advice was 100% wrong in having her speak one more sentence about this.Remember when she appeared on MSNBC on March 2nd you couldn’t shut her up about the surveilling of Trump and Trump staff. She’s now saying she only commented on what was in the press. Well, the tweet about Obama surveillance of Trump was on March 4th!
HERE’S HER MARCH 2ND APPEARANCE:EVELYN FARKAS ON MSNBC:“We were having a transition of power from the Obama administration to the Trump administration. If indeed there was an investigation ongoing, if indeed there was information the Obama administration had about Russian interference and possible American involvement, I wanted to make sure Congress knew about it. I was out of the government at the time all this came out into the press and I only knew what I read in the press, but KNOWING-uh HEARING that our intelligence community was looking into this, investigating into what had happened. Understanding the relationship between Wikileaks and the Russian government I could kinda read between the lines and I became very concerned even without having any inside information.”
HERE’S THE APPEARANCE FROM TODAY:
Mark Levin gave the best rundown of we’ve heard on this:Via: Gateway Pundit








Since this article was written in 2006, the illegal immigration crisis in America has exploded. Barack Obama, his fellow Democrats, leftist organizations (and even some Republicans beholden to corporations who desire cheap labor in America), have desperately tried to shame Americans into accepting amnesty as the only option to solve this crisis. One doesn’t have to look too far to see how miserably they have failed. Americans are not interested in giving up our jobs, our national security or the future of our country so the Democrat party can have a monopoly on voters, or to make it easier for business and corporations to hire cheap labor.  It is no accident that Donald Trump experienced a meteoric rise in the polls after he boldly proclaimed he would make building a wall on our southern border a priority. The media tried to shame him, only causing him to double down, claiming he would not only build the biggest and best wall on our southern border, but he claimed that Mexico would pay for it. This article is for all of the naysayers who believe the illegal immigration crisis can’t be solved. The problem can be solved. We just needed a President with a backbone, who loves his country, is willing to take bold moves to secure our nation and most of all, a President who truly believes Americans come first.Over fifty years ago, when newly elected Dwight Eisenhower moved into the White House, America’s southern frontier was as porous as a spaghetti sieve. As many as 3 million illegal migrants had walked and waded northward over a period of several years for jobs in California, Arizona, Texas, and points beyond.President Eisenhower cut off this illegal traffic. He did it quickly and decisively with only 1,075 United States Border Patrol agents – less than one-tenth of today’s force. The operation is still highly praised among veterans of the Border Patrol.Although there is little to no record of this operation in Ike’s official papers, one piece of historic evidence indicates how he felt. In 1951, Ike wrote a letter to Sen. William Fulbright (D) of Arkansas. The senator had just proposed that a special commission be created by Congress to examine unethical conduct by government officials who accepted gifts and favors in exchange for special treatment of private individuals.General Eisenhower, who was gearing up for his run for the presidency, said “Amen” to Senator Fulbright’s proposal. He then quoted a report in The New York Times, highlighting one paragraph that said: “The rise in illegal border-crossing by Mexican ‘wetbacks’ to a current rate of more than 1,000,000 cases a year has been accompanied by a curious relaxation in ethical standards extending all the way from the farmer-exploiters of this contraband labor to the highest levels of the Federal Government.”Years later, the late Herbert Brownell Jr., Eisenhower’s first attorney general, said in an interview with this writer that the president had a sense of urgency about illegal immigration when he took office.America “was faced with a breakdown in law enforcement on a very large scale,” Mr. Brownell said. “When I say large scale, I mean hundreds of thousands were coming in from Mexico [every year] without restraint.”Although an on-and-off guest-worker program for Mexicans was operating at the time, farmers and ranchers in the Southwest had become dependent on an additional low-cost, docile, illegal labor force of up to 3 million, mostly Mexican, laborers.According to the Handbook of Texas Online, published by the University of Texas at Austin and the Texas State Historical Association, this illegal workforce had a severe impact on the wages of ordinary working Americans.The Handbook Online reports that a study by the President’s Commission on Migratory Labor in Texas in 1950 found that cotton growers in the Rio Grande Valley, where most illegal aliens in Texas worked, paid wages that were “approximately half” the farm wages paid elsewhere in the state.Profits from illegal labor led to the kind of corruption that apparently worried Eisenhower. Joseph White, a retired 21-year veteran of the Border Patrol, says that in the early 1950s, some senior US officials overseeing immigration enforcement “had friends among the ranchers,” and agents “did not dare” arrest their illegal workers.Walt Edwards, who joined the Border Patrol in 1951, tells a similar story. He says: “When we caught illegal aliens on farms and ranches, the farmer or rancher would often call and complain [to officials in El Paso]. And depending on how politically connected they were, there would be political intervention. That is how we got into this mess we are in now.”Bill Chambers, who worked for a combined 33 years for the Border Patrol and the then-called US Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), says politically powerful people are still fueling the flow of illegals.During the 1950s, however, this “Good Old Boy” system changed under Eisenhower – if only for about 10 years.In 1954, Ike appointed retired Gen. Joseph “Jumpin’ Joe” Swing, a former West Point classmate and veteran of the 101st Airborne, as the new INS commissioner.Influential politicians, including Sen. Lyndon B. Johnson (D) of Texas and Sen. Pat McCarran (D) of Nevada, favored open borders, and were dead set against strong border enforcement, Brownell said. But General Swing’s close connections to the president shielded him – and the Border Patrol – from meddling by powerful political and corporate interests.One of Swing’s first decisive acts was to transfer certain entrenched immigration officials out of the border area to other regions of the country where their political connections with people such as Senator Johnson would have no effect.Then on June 17, 1954, what was called “Operation Wetback” began. Because political resistance was lower in California and Arizona, the roundup of aliens began there. Some 750 agents swept northward through agricultural areas with a goal of 1,000 apprehensions a day. By the end of July, over 50,000 aliens were caught in the two states. Another 488,000, fearing arrest, had fled the country.By mid-July, the crackdown extended northward into Utah, Nevada, and Idaho, and eastward to Texas.By September, 80,000 had been taken into custody in Texas, and an estimated 500,000 to 700,000 illegals had left the Lone Star State voluntarily.Unlike today, Mexicans caught in the roundup were not simply released at the border, where they could easily reenter the US. To discourage their return, Swing arranged for buses and trains to take many aliens deep within Mexico before being set free.Tens of thousands more were put aboard two hired ships, the Emancipation and the Mercurio. The ships ferried the aliens from Port Isabel, Texas, to Vera Cruz, Mexico, more than 500 miles south.The sea voyage was “a rough trip, and they did not like it,” says Don Coppock, who worked his way up from Border Patrolman in 1941 to eventually head the Border Patrol from 1960 to 1973.Mr. Coppock says he “cannot understand why [President] Bush let [today’s] problem get away from him as it has. I guess it was his compassionate conservatism, and trying to please [Mexican President] Vincente Fox.”There are now said to be 12 million to 20 million illegal aliens in the US. Of the Mexicans who live here, an estimated 85 percent are here illegally.Border Patrol vets offer tips on curbing illegal immigration
One day in 1954, Border Patrol agent Walt Edwards picked up a newspaper in Big Spring, Texas, and saw some startling news. The government was launching an all-out drive to oust illegal aliens from the United States.The orders came straight from the top, where the new president, Dwight Eisenhower, had put a former West Point classmate, Gen. Joseph Swing, in charge of immigration enforcement.General Swing’s fast-moving campaign soon secured America’s borders – an accomplishment no other president has since equaled. Illegal migration had dropped 95 percent by the late 1950s.Several retired Border Patrol agents who took part in the 1950s effort, including Mr. Edwards, say much of what Swing did could be repeated today.“Some say we cannot send 12 million illegals now in the United States back where they came from. Of course we can!” Edwards says.Donald Coppock, who headed the Patrol from 1960 to 1973, says that if Swing and Ike were still running immigration enforcement, “they’d be on top of this in a minute.”William Chambers, another ’50s veteran, agrees. “They could do a pretty good job” sealing the border.Edwards says: “When we start enforcing the law, these various businesses are, on their own, going to replace their [illegal] workforce with a legal workforce.”While Congress debates building a fence on the border, these veterans say other actions should have higher priority.1. End the current practice of taking captured Mexican aliens to the border and releasing them. Instead, deport them deep into Mexico, where return to the US would be more costly.2. Crack down hard on employers who hire illegals. Without jobs, the aliens won’t come.3. End “catch and release” for non-Mexican aliens. It is common for illegal migrants not from Mexico to be set free after their arrest if they promise to appear later before a judge. Few show up.The Patrol veterans say enforcement could also be aided by a legalized guest- worker program that permits Mexicans to register in their country for temporary jobs in the US. Eisenhower’s team ran such a program. It permitted up to 400,000 Mexicans a year to enter the US for various agriculture jobs that lasted for 12 to 52 weeks. Via: CS Monitor








“Third, I have confirmed that additional names of Trump transition team members were unmasked,” said Nunes. When later asked by reporters if the President was also included in the incidental collection of information, Nunes replied, “Yes.” In response to another reporter, Nunes said “it’s possible” that Trump’s personal communication was collected.Rep. Nunes later went on to say of “dozens” of reports he has seen thus far, “I have seen intelligence reports that clearly show that the President-elect and his team were, I guess, at least monitored and disseminated out in intelligence in what appears to be…intelligence reporting channels.” He added that he is, however, awaiting further information.The representative’s fourth point was emphatic, “…none of this surveillance was related to Russia or the investigation of Russian activities or of the Trump team.”He made clear that the House Intelligence Committee will investigate surveillance of Trump associates and subsequent dissemination of information gathered. He stated that the goal is to determine:Who was aware of itWhy it was not disclosed to CongressWho requested and authorized the additional unmaskingWhether anyone directed the intelligence community to focus on Trump associatesWhether any laws, regulations, or procedures were violatedNunes said that he believes the collection was done legally, but questions remain as to unmasking and the dissemination list of information collected during the transition during the months of November, December, and January.Rep. Nunes characterized the information that was collected as “A lot of it appears like it was…it was essentially a lot of information on the President-elect and his transition team and what they were doing.”He said he has asked the Directors of FBI, NSA, and CIA to “expeditiously comply” with his March 15 letter and provide a full account of such surveillance activities. Nunes called the NSA very, very helpful. He expects additional information to come on Friday.Rep. Nunes said he has not seen any information that has anything to do with Russia or the Russian investigation. He said that while he expects more information and did not make an absolute determination on how the information was collected, “It was not criminal, it was normal, foreign surveillance is what it looked like to me, but let’s wait until we get all the information.”“This appears to be all legally collected foreign intelligence under FISA, where there was incidental collection that then ended up in reporting channels and that was widely disseminated,” said Nunes.Rep. Nunes said he was surprised and alarmed by the discovery of this information, “because we went through this about a year and a half ago as it related to members of Congress…”Nunes stated that he would travel to the White House in the afternoon to share the new information he has with President Trump.Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 2016 Presidential Race, Big Government, Devin Nunes, Donald Trump, House Intelligence Committee, incidental collection, intelligence community, surveillance, Trump Transition, unmasking








According to the source for Rosen’s report, this evidence will come from the National Security Agency, which is supposed to produce documents for the House Intelligence Committee by Friday. It is expected to take a week or so for congressional investigators to assess these materials.SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERThe NSA material is said to be even more compelling than the evidence that prompted committee chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) to announce on Wednesday that “incidental” surveillance of the Trump transition team was conducted by the intelligence community.Rosen’s report has a few more interesting developments in the aftermath of Nunes’ announcement:Because Nunes’s intelligence came from multiple sources during a span of several weeks, and he has not shared the actual materials with his committee colleagues, he will be the only member of the panel in a position to know whether the NSA has turned over some or all of the intelligence he is citing. However, Fox News was told Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., had been briefed on the basic contents of the intelligence described by Nunes.CIA Director Mike Pompeo is also sympathetic to the effort to determine, with documentary evidence, the extent of any alleged Obama administration spying on the Trump team, sources said.Because so much criticism has been leveled at the media for basing reports hostile to the Trump administration on anonymous sources of uncertain motivation, it should be duly noted that the Fox News report relies heavily upon a single source, without a single clue to this person’s identity or position. It’s not clear if this individual is connected to the intelligence community, or to the House Intelligence Committee.The nature of the NSA’s “smoking gun” information is also left to the reader’s imagination. In fact, it’s described as “potential smoking gun” information.It should also be noted that on Thursday, a spokesperson for Nunes said the chairman is waiting to see “all the documents he requested” from intelligence agencies before he “knows for sure” what surveillance of the transition team or President-elect Trump was conducted.Perhaps the material coming from the NSA will positively establish which, if any, Trump transition team members were caught up in the “incidental surveillance” Nunes described on Wednesday.An unnamed intelligence official speculated to ABC News that surveillance on foreign officials might have caught them “talking about Trump transition team members, as opposed to transition team members participating directly in the communications.” The NSA would seem to be the agency most likely to possess documentation resolving that question.Big Government, Obama, Devin Nunes, Donald Trump, House Intelligence Committee, NSA, surveillance, Trump Transition Team, wiretap








why don’t we sue Apple for this? I would think there is a good case for abuse? thoughts?How about we prosecute the CIA SCUM who did this?They are supposed to TRACK AMERICA”S ENEMIES, not the ENTIRE COUNTRY.Maybe if they took the BILLIONS in OUR tax moneys we give them and concentrate spying ON OUR ENEMIES instead of the entire country, THEY MIGHT BE ABLE TO STOP JIHADI  ATTACKS.Panetta, Clapper and Brennan belong in jail.(Tim Cooke is simply an idiot who focussed Apple ‘s energy on gay emojis instead of professionalizing the apps and PROTECTING HIS CUSTOMERS)I do not disagree with your points. But we will not be effective in suing the CIA. This must be handled (I would think) at cutting off the “pathetic” hand the CIA uses with the power of the law, meaning hit the fools that have been willingly used by the CIA to open it’s users to this kind of venerability.As long as corporations find it a smooth trail to take advantage of it’s users/consumers, the powers that not been held in check (aka: CIA, etc) will have an open door (literally) available to them to abuse the power given to them.I’m just suggesting a more methodical approach, instead of one lead by futile instincts.But, I fully agree with your other points of just some of the minion that are being used by much bigger fish that need the oxygen taken from their own tanks. ;)Class Action Law Suit Time!!I agreeyes, my thoughts are that this is the most moronic comment on here.Do you sue your auto manufacturer when some punk breaks in with a screwdriver and hotwires it?
Are Ford or GMC or Lamborghini responsible for other peoples actions?Wow, the last comment has no clue, or even took the time to read the article. Obviously a shill. Apple is responsible, and all other manufacturers (of any product) are responsible for defects, malfunctions, or any other issue when selling a product. That is why there is a warranty. Apple, Samsung, etc, are responsible to secure each OS they create, or represent with the product they sell. Especially since sensitive information is sent and placed on these devices. And the devices are created for this very purpose.The only moron, is the one that stands idly by, and speaks before thinking. Your ignorance is obvious, and humorous to boot. A class action law suit is very viable, and has thousands of examples of precedence in the courts to support this very thing. God bless your feeble mind.No doubt all of these were developed in close cooperation with Apple.So pick your poison. A Samsung that catches fire or an iPhone with big ears? It’s not that I think someone will be listening to me. I’m a nobody. But, just the fact that someone can listen to my calls, makes me wonder if I will ever buy another Apple product.Your logic is defective and you are severely ignorant of what it means to be a free individual who has inalienable rights to live apart from tyranny and oppression.Please, do tell how one might go about living like that…How about an AT&T dial phone?It’s not just Iphone… It’s all of them. Jezuz… can’t you put 2 and 2 together? When the stories first came out about them hacking android all the apple fanboi’s were doing the “my phone is awesome they can’t hack me” now you guys are doing it? WTF?Do you really think Samsung has not been compromised also?or a car that crashes,You might benefit from reading The Gulag Archipelago.
It may give you further insight into what a real Police State is all about.
Any and all information is of value to them.
Solzhenitsyn lived it for real, and survived it.
Most Americans have not a clue what real evil is.None of you are going to do a thing about it. Some of you may whine and moan, but the next time they roll out an advertising campaign about how their phone has 1 more megapixel you’ll be lining up in droves with your wallets out. You were warned about your phones and you parroted the “ive got nothing to hide line” You’ve been warned about driverless cars, drones, the surveillance state, all of it and you keep making excuses for it.Until you stop acting like a willing participant in the establishment of a surveillance state the East Germans only dreamed of will this stop. STOP BUYING ALL THIS CRAPLiterally Knew this for years. when you see all media start pushing a product In the US start looking for why. I remember when I phone and android was being pushed by my local and national news outlets. When i saw this instantly Knew their was an underlying reason and its not for you benefit. Look at what Elite politicians use, Oboma Blackberry, Merkle Blackberry ,Prince of whales blackberry. And now in the US blackberry has been all but banned. Blackberry refused to release their encryption to the Cia and thus the companies branch in the US was systematically dismantled by the media,Tv shows every outlet.
People have to stop waiting for the dots to be connected for them. Look at what the media pushes and accept they are not doing things for your benefit. Then you will start seeing the truth.Macs are mostly used by Liberals so who cares?That is the dumbest statement I think I have ever read!Now start looking into why all signals have been forced over to digital instead of Analog. And if you say its because of better reception or digital tv screens your not thinking. Think what can you do with Analog signal you cant do with digital. Think frequency rangeASIA FOR THE ASIANS, AFRICA FOR THE AFRICANS, WHITE COUNTRIES FOR EVERYBODY!Everybody says there is this RACE problem. Everybody says this RACE problem will be solved when the third world pours into EVERY white country and ONLY into white countries.The Netherlands and Belgium are just as crowded as Japan or Taiwan, but nobody says Japan or Taiwan will solve this RACE problem by bringing in millions of third worlders and quote assimilating unquote with them.Everybody says the final solution to this RACE problem is for EVERY white country and ONLY white countries to “assimilate,” i.e., intermarry, with all those non-whites.What if I said there was this RACE problem and this RACE problem would be solved only if hundreds of millions of non-blacks were brought into EVERY black country and ONLY into black countries?How long would it take anyone to realize I’m not talking about a RACE problem. I am talking about the final solution to the BLACK problem?And how long would it take any sane black man to notice this and what kind of psycho black man wouldn’t object to this?But if I tell that obvious truth about the ongoing program of genocide against my race, the white race, Liberals and respectable conservatives agree that I am a naziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews.They say they are anti-racist. What they are is anti-white.Anti-racist is a code word for anti-white.The same people who own iPhones also buy Starbucks coffee…    I say bug away!Wikileaks doesn’t make claims, it states facts.Was Apple allegedly complicit with this? Or was it a CIA workaround? Will Apple upgrade their software to block these hacks?  If Apple does not, the credibility they won by refusing to break their security under FBI pressure turns to stool.Of course they do. And don’t think Apple isn’t in on it.Laughing at all the people on FACEBOOK calling for a boycott on iPHONES, when they are using FACEBOOK!! Haha!Russians did it.DTS , NOW …. Drain The Swamp called Wurshington DCThe ones so upset about this must have very sinister things to hide. I couldn’t care less about this. Big whoop. The CIA knows what I do on my smartphone. If it’s not illegal, why do you care?! Privacy is no longer a right in this new world. Adapt to it or keep whining.“Privacy is no longer a right in this new world.”People like yourself have created this brave New World. It gets worse in the future. You can put a stop to its progress, yet you refuse, and go along for the ride because you’ve nothing to hide. Have you not read Huxley or Orwell?Good one. So true, and apparently he doesn’t read or think beyond the obvious.Paranoid you are not hiding anything However it appears someone else is PARANOID………When you do things wrong and you have to hide it, you must make sure no one else knows.
We must understand we are slaves and once you understand this you are free.Got a little girl?  Want to keep her safe from things like paedos?  Then you should care.Not all of these guys have honorable intentions.  There is plenty of abuse in the system.But even if there weren’t, just the potential is an awful risk.  For your family’s safety.And besides, what happens when the camera in your phone activates while you are potty training your daughter because of this?  And then the photo(s) is shared amongst the creeps worldwide?  Because remember, once it’s in the internet it’s there forever.Still say you have “nothing to hide”?What most people don’t know is that the police and the intelligence agencies are using the intelligence they are gathering up on all of us to be used for revenge purposes. The FBI did precisely this during the 1960s with their illegal COINTELPRO program. It supposedly ended in 1971 but a very similar program continues to run to this day that goes by the name of organized stalking or gang stalking. Here in London, New Scotland Yard are involved in this crime.How many manufacturers are in on this kind of thing, i wonder.Still happy with my Blackberry Classic.The CIA was established to ensure that the law is followed. Now they seem to be in the subterfuge forefront in breaking it. There may be an earmark on page 1,947 of some obscure bill somewhere stating that (by the way), this is legal, slipped in just for them as insurance.wikileaks is a conduit of truth to the world.Time to sue the bastards .. apple is crap phone now who would want them….I was walking behind an old couple in Costco and I think I smelled some dark matter. #poopiepantsThanks Apple. Can I get a replacement phone now?Who said it’s true?Why wouldn’t they ? Apple works hand in hand with them anyway. They also had spyware in nearly every single harddrive manufactured on planet earth, if you recall. There are no secrets, it is just that simple.What a load of garbage.You have to realize that most of this activity is corporate welfare for politically connected consulting and defense firms. I was a government military contractor so I know the dance. Scare people, authorize tons of money, spend immense amounts on large complex data systems that take huge amounts of consulting resources and expensive hardware. The data collected is mostly useless (unless you want to target a political enemy), but it feeds the government/industrial cyber complex, with lavish contributions going to congressional patrons (my consulting firm’s patron was Charlie Rangel).We the people need to simply plan a Constitutional Convention, completely ignore everyone saying it will be meaningless, and agree upon our own amendments.  We then pass them and if 3/4 of the states agree BAM- law without Congress, law that the courts have no power to challenge, law that the president must obey.  It is our only hope.If the virus survives a total reset and reload of the OS then it is in the hardware.Well now we know the REAL REASON why Samsung Note 7 caught on fire…Phoning home in the background too much.








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: Here’s Gerald on the Big Island of Hawaii. Great to have you with us, sir. How you doing?CALLER: Aloha, Rush. I’ll get right to it. I don’t have much time, Snerdley told me. We’re gonna change the name of the Democratic Party to the death party. You’re the communicator-in-chief to get the word across. They’re killing babies. They’re killing Americans in the womb with pills and knives. They’re killing people. They’re killing old people with pills and euthanasia. I’ve a 75-year-old veteran. They’re killing people with their love affair of ICE and freezing people to death all over the country with their global warming. They’re killing people in the little small cars they put ’em in. They’re killing our military by disarming it and put women in combat. They’re killing cops by flying ’em like bacon. They’re killing people by legalizing drugs. They’re killing the feel of freedom that you speak about so often, fossil fuel. I’m gonna tell you how to get off of fossil fuel tomorrow, Rush. I hate to be talking so fast.RUSH: No, you’re very cognizant of our vanishing window here of time. You’re doing great here. You just left out the polar bears. They’re killing the polar bears.CALLER: Well, they’re killing people. I’m saying they’re killing Americans. Stop calling fossil fuel fossil fuel. It isn’t a fossil fuel. Read your own corsage. Black gold, stranglehold, it’s a renewal energy, it’s clean, it’s safe, quit lying. They’re trying to kill our president. They’re killing the family with all their deviant two mommies, two daddies. They were told by Johns Hopkins the transsexual is a counterfeit, an impersonator of a gender. It’s not a gender. They’re killing our freedom. We don’t have the right to do anything here in Hawaii. Our judge over here tried to kill everybody in my subdivision, their homes, by putting Pelley above Christianity. There’s no end. My only question for you, my friend, is one time I’d like to send you a gift, four of my good books out of the 12, I’d like to play golf with you when you come to Hawaii.RUSH: Oh, you would, eh?CALLER: Yes, I had a heart attack on the golf course here at the Muni on the Hilo side. I’m 75 years — if I hadn’t had the heart attack there I’d be dead.RUSH: Does it stop raining long enough on the Hilo side to —CALLER: Oh, yeah, it’s been beautiful for weeks. Beautiful. I wouldn’t let you play Hilo Muni. I mean, it’s an okay course. I put out a golf challenge that if anybody in the state could beat me in a round of golf at muni, I’d give them a thousand dollars, and that includes every pro.RUSH: Wow. Look, that’s quite a challenge. Look, I doubt that it would be hard to find you next time I’m on the Big Island. Just gotta ask for the guy who thinks we’re all being killed, and I’m sure you’re known that way. You know, he says that persuasively. He doesn’t mean murdered. He means the cultural is being killed, all this stuff. And I guarantee you there are a lot of people in the audience go, that’s right, I never looked at it that way. I appreciate the call, Gerald, very much.








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: Now, something else happened. This is amazing. The Washington Post reported that the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has a directive that nobody in the office is allowed to look him in the eye. Nobody is allowed to make eye contact with him. It’s that Tillerson doesn’t spend much time working, that he goes to his office and closets himself in there and does nothing but read. (Probably reports on oil drilling or some such.) But he goes in there, he shelters himself. He doesn’t want to deal with the people in the State Department.You’re not allowed to make eye contact. You’re not allowed to look at him. You’re not allowed to interrupt him. You’re not allowed to do anything. He goes in there for hours on end and just retreats from the world and from the job, and an AP reporter has come out and said that that is BS. The AP reporter is… Matt Lee is his name. He’s the beat reporter at the State Department for the last 18 years. He went on Twitter to dispute this story in the Washington Post and to lament that bad reporting is making it more difficult to get any reporting on real issues at the State Department because of this. His tweet read:“This Washington Post story is not true, and people repeating it are making it more difficult to address very real issues.” What he means is the Washington Post lies about Rex Tillerson, makes things up about him that he’s insulated like a monarch — and you’re not allowed to look at him and you’re not allowed to touch him and you’re not allowed to be in the same room with Tillerson — and the people who see that in the State Department say, “Screw that! We’re not talking to them. They’re gonna make it up anyway, so we’re not talking to them.” So reporters end up being denied access. I haven’t seen this in a while. The AP and the Washington Post are all in the Drive-Bys, and this AP guy — this AP veteran — went right after the Washington Post and told ’em and told everybody they’re making it up.Proving — proving — that in many cases, what journalism is about is access,








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: Here’s Roe in Bonita Springs, Florida. It’s great to have you on the program. Hi.CALLER: Rush, I think I’ve become one of those Trump supporters that you keep speaking of, and I essentially am completely immune to any bad news about Trump. You know, for hundreds of days since Trump came on the scene, every day I wake up to Trump lost a debate, he insulted media, he insulted Megyn Kelly, he’s not acting presidential. It’s always something new. So as the Doctor of Democracy, I’m gonna ask if you can make a diagnosis for me, and I’m gonna tell you, this is my worst symptom, and I’m being a hundred percent honest. My wife thinks I’m nuts. But I stay up at night and watch 2016 election night TV coverage reruns on YouTube —RUSH: No, no. I think that’s wonderfully therapeutic.CALLER: I can’t stop. And, you know, the other thing, there was some celebrity, I can’t remember who it was, was complaining that Trump would make her put on weight —RUSH: That was Barbra Streisand, claimed that Trump was making her gain weight.CALLER: Yeah. And for me, every time I watch these reruns, I grab a little adult beverage and it’s like celebrating all over again.RUSH: Oh, it’s funny as hell. I’ve advocated that people take some time to do it. You can find the coverage on YouTube, and I’ve told people, you know, start about seven o’clock, and you’ll see everybody begin to change at nine. That’s when it begins to creep over them that something’s wrong. And you go from a party-like atmosphere of just practically uncontrollable joy to disbelief and panic inside of two hours. It is fascinating to watch it again. And it explains why we’re where we are now. They still haven’t come to grips. They don’t think they’ve awakened from the bad dream yet.CALLER: Yeah, Rush, I think if you don’t understand the Trump rally phenomenon, you didn’t understand the election. And I think the Trump supporter who refuses to give in no matter how much pressure about all these little things, people don’t understand that this baseline of 35 to 38%, it doesn’t matter —RUSH: They don’t. Roe, you’re right on the money. The very people we’re talking about do not understand. They don’t understand the loyalty. They don’t understand the connection that Trump made with voters. And they never will understand it.CALLER: Yeah.RUSH: Because they don’t understand an actively engaged population. They think of the population as slavishly following loyal Democrat leaders. It totally, totally escapes them. But, look, something’s gonna happen, I guarantee you Trump’s gonna do something sometime — three years, four years, two years — that even you and other Trump supporters are gonna go, “Ohhh, no.” Do you have any idea what that might be? It’s gonna happen at one point or another.CALLER: No. That was one of the questions I wanted to ask you is how will I know? Because I see myself as, you know, I’m analytical and logical thinking —RUSH: Well, I’ll tell you how you’ll know. It will be the first time — and it may never happen, but if it does, it will be the first time you begin wondering if maybe — I’m out of time. Ah, darn it.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: What I was gonna say is, “If Trump does a 180 on something that you completely believed him on, then…” Look, it may not happen. I’m just thinking law of averages that something within the four-year Trump term… There has to be one example of ardent, undying Trump supporters having questions about something. I don’t think they’re gonna abandon him over that one thing. But it’s… Washington’s a strange place. I hope I’m wrong about it. But we… I’m just commenting on law of averages.I think the bond between — and he accurately described it — the 35 to 36% of the voting public that is the Trump base is solid, and there’s nothing the media can do to break it. There’s nothing. There’s not a single thing they can do. They ought to know this by now. If that Access Hollywood video wasn’t gonna do it and if the McCain comments and if some of the other things, there’s nothing the media can do to break that bond between Trump and the 35, 36, maybe 40% of the voting public that’s inexorably tied to him. But it’s not something they’re gonna believe. They live to break politicians. They live to destroy them.So they’re not gonna stop trying to break that bond. That’s what they’re doing now, among all the other things. Trying to get Trump impeached, trying to get this Russia stuff hung around his neck. They are never gonna give that up, either. But don’t doubt me; they are doing everything they can to split up you Trump supporters from Trump. And, as I have told you everybody, only Trump can do that. The media didn’t make Trump and, as I repeatedly say, they can’t bust him.








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: What happens when things go south for the Democrats? When things go wrong for the Democrats, what happens? For example, Benghazi. Well, that was the fault of some stupid filmmaker, some stupid videomaker. Hillary losing the presidency, that was Putin’s fault. Obamacare’s miserable problem, that’s because of the Republicans, and they won’t come up with something new. It’s the Republicans’ fault because they won’t fix it. And America’s problems? Well, that’s all Trump’s doing. So the Democrats are 100% blameless always.There are no Democrat ringleaders for example. Yippee. Open Line Friday, the last hour of the busy broadcast day, hosted by me, Rush Limbaugh, your highly trained broadcast specialist. Do not try this at home. We who are great at what we do make it look easy. Make everybody think they can do it. Look at the number of Democrats who’ve tried to do this, and there still isn’t one that succeeds. And that’s my fault, by the way. Or the Fairness Doctrine’s fault. That’s what it is. The Fairness Doctrine. That’s why talk radio succeeds, the Fairness Doctrine, so it’s Reagan’s fault. The Democrats are always totally blameless. Have you noticed? When they mess things up, it’s never anything they have done.I mentioned before the previous hour came to a screeching halt that the truth of the Trump administration is that there have been beaucoup promises kept. There have been vast improvements. You know, folks, I have to tell you, I had a post-show meeting. I’ve gotta be very careful with this. You know what the biggest problem for me doing this show has become? There’s less and less I can tell you about things I run into, things that happen.When the program was early and new, first four, five years, I could tell anybody anything that went on without worrying that it was going to compromise anybody’s privacy or security, even if I didn’t mention their name. But now I find myself in circumstances that if I share the details, the people about whom I’m speaking will find out and hear about it and their feelings will be hurt or they’ll misunderstand or they will think I’m mean or some such thing.And so the safest route is not to even discuss it. But I had the most amazing — even if I just tell you what I did after the program yesterday, I’m already running the risk of angering somebody. I would die to tell you. I would love it tell you, but I’m hamstrung. It’s almost like I’ve become too famous to do the show. It’s like the Stick-to-the-Issues Crowd is winning because when I veer away from it and want to describe — I know what of you are saying, “Rush it’s your show. Say whatever you want to say, tell whoever you want to tell what.” I understand that.But people that talk to me, some of them have a reasonable expectation it’s not gonna be blabbed about all over the radio, even if I don’t mention their names. (laughing) Anyway, I just got a note from Kathryn ’cause I told her about it and she said, “You want to talk about the blah, blah, right?” I just got an alert on my watch. “Yes, sweetie, that’s exactly right, and I can’t.” Snerdley’s looking at me like, “What are you afraid of?”I’m not afraid of anything, it’s just manners, folks. I mean, you don’t blab about other people. Well, you might and they’ll never know you’re doing it. I can’t. Every time I talk about somebody, they’re going to find out. You don’t realize how it hamstrings me. You don’t realize the limitation it places. Now, I suppose I could make it up, but even if I make it up, the next day somebody may be close enough to whoever was involved is — and of course the details of this, they’re hilarious. They’re funny.I got an economic briefing yesterday. And if I comment on this at all, folks, I’m not gonna do myself any favors. Suffice to say that the Trump administration is off to a rollicking start. The economy is booming, and there are real jobs being created. In fact, some of the most recent presidential approval data that just came out today is that Trump’s unfavorable numbers are very high, except the economy he is kicking butt. The American people profoundly approve of the way Trump’s handling the economy. But they disapprove of most everything else, according to this poll.It used to be that if the economy was chugging, all the other stuff took care of itself. But it is. There are real jobs being created. Trump is also focusing, his administration is focusing on reviving the old concept of the vocational tech school. This I happen to believe is crucially important. This country has been… I think it’s been hampered by this notion that everybody has to go to college, that the ticket is college. Parents have bought that hook, line, and sinker.This all started in the Great Depression. The idea that the only way — well, not the only, but the absolute best way to have a solid economic future is to have a college degree. That started in the Great Depression when nobody could find work. Jobs were nowhere to be found and the only people that got them were the educated. And this has survived generation after generation after generation to the point now where every American parent has as the primary goal for their kids that they go to college. And it’s just not made for everybody, particularly with what has happened on the American campus today, it probably is more advantageous for a lot of people to never set foot on one.Remember what I said. I think this is a profundity. It didn’t get any reaction from people, but I think this is profound. All this talk about artificial intelligence, these guys like Elon Musk and Bill Gates and Buffett and all these other clowns in the high-tech business say, “We need to be very worried about artificial intelligence. It’s going to overrun humanity. AI, robotics, if we’re not careful it’s going to swallow us up.” And I think that’s just bogus. It’s typical sci-fi panic on the part of a bunch of tech nerds.We already are surrounded by a bunch of artificial intelligence. It’s called college-educated Millennials. We already have mind-numbed robots. They are graduates of major American universities today. They’re not being taught to think. They’re being programmed, they’re being propagandized. They come out all thinking the same, all feeling the same. White students are being turned into people that think they have eternal guilt over being white.They now have discussion rooms on many campuses where you can discuss the dangers of white privilege and the problems of being white. It’s hideous what’s passing as an excuse for an education today. We have robots already. They’re human beings. They’re out there among us. They don’t know anything, and all they want to do is shut down everything they find uncomfortable. They don’t believe in free speech. They don’t believe in liberty or freedom. It’s dangerous. The intelligence is artificial. It’s not genuine. There’s no thinking involved. It’s a huge problem. Long before robots take over.So what the Trump administration is doing — and this is extremely wise — is to rebuild, reestablish the concept of the old vo-tech schools. When I was in high school, there was a vocational tech center. That was part of the high school. And it was where kids who were going to, say, work on auto assembly lines or learn skills that involve manufacturing and engineering, this is where they went. And when they finished vo-tech, they were sufficiently educated to get decent jobs that would raise a family of four or provide for a family of four for a long time.Now, I know that there is this automation is happening in certain factories and this kind of thing. But there are still plenty of jobs that need to be done that do not require a college education and that the training for that has been totally abandoned. The schooling for that’s been abandoned in exchange for the idea that everybody needs to go to college. And everybody doesn’t need to go to college. In fact, I would maintain that some people today would be far better off if they’d never go to college, given what’s gonna happen to them there, depending on the college they choose.The point is that real, constructive economic things are occurring in the Trump administration. And Trump had a meeting today with the National Association of Manufacturers. Now, you might think, “Well, big deal, Rush. Trump’s been meeting with all these different groups.” Manufacturers’ optimism, according to a survey of themselves, manufacturers’ optimism is at a 20-year high. And these guys met with Trump this morning.This survey has been taken for 20 years. It has never been as high as it is. The survey shows a dramatic shift in sentiment with more than 93% of manufacturers feeling positive about their economic outlook. This is the highest in the survey’s 20-year history, up from 56% one year ago and 77% in December. In just three months it’s gone from 77.8% to 93% optimism among manufacturers.Folks, it’s just a year or two ago that people were complaining about the — well, two years and 15 prior to that. I mean, for 20 years basically, but intensely the last two years, three years, people have been complaining about the loss of manufacturing jobs, NAFTA, trade deals. They’ve lost their jobs. These manufacturers are feeling more optimistic about the return of their business in the United States, an all-time high in 20 years.“Fresh off the heels of the third straight month of manufacturing job growth, the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) today released the first Manufacturers’ Outlook Survey since President Donald Trump took office.” It’s up from 78% to 93%.“Across America, manufacturers’ optimism is soaring, in no small part because of President Trump’s laser-like focus on pursuing bold action, particularly on rethinking red tape to address regulatory reform, to accelerate a jobs surge in America,” said Jay Timmons, who’s the president and CEO of the National Association of Manufacturers.This is just the latest. The automobile guys have been up to meet with Trump. CEOs in general have been up to meet with Trump. All kinds of different groups from various aspects of the economy have been up to meet with Trump. And they all walk out, and they all say: “Best meeting I’ve ever had. Best meeting I’ve had in 10 years.”Real jobs are being created. There is real wage growth. You know how you know? Even if you don’t trust it and you think that’s just partisan BS, take a look at the possibility of the Federal Reserve raising interest rates. They always do that when the economy starts growing because they are deathly afraid of inflation.So there isn’t any doubt that it is happening. And throughout the Trump administration and his time so far, there are numerous achievements like this and promises which have been kept. But, again, it isn’t being reported, nobody knows it, and therefore there is no aura around it. There is no image that we’re winning. There’s no image that Trump is progressing and keeping his promises. There’s no image that America’s rebounding, because everything in the news, the hot take is, “That doesn’t look good. That doesn’t look good. That doesn’t sound good.”Every day, whatever’s in the news, it’s negative for Trump.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Now, here’s some other things that have happened, are happening with the Trump administration that are rousing successes and that are at least things heading in the right direction, that it’s just infuriating the left. It’s making them livid precisely because Trump is succeeding. The first thing Trump’s gonna do is appeal this injunction of the Trump revised travel order. That Hawaii judge has now made it permanent.Judge Watson has made his temporary stay permanent, and the Trump Justice Department is gonna take a poke at it. Now it’s gonna at the happen Ninth Circus Court of Appeals, so it’s up grabs as to what happens. The Daily Caller has a story: “ICE Report Dumps Cold Water on a Favorite Defense of Sanctuary Cities — An Immigration and Customs Enforcement report puts a damper on the argument that sanctuary cities aren’t a problem because they only shield non-violent illegal immigrants.”Have you heard that advanced as their argument? The sanctuary city people say (summarized exchange), “We’re not a problem! Look, we’re not shielding criminals here! We’re not shielding ringleaders here. We’re not shielding bad guys! We’re only shielding the decent and the law-abiding.” So here comes ICE saying, “Oh, yeah?” They have just thrown cold water on it with a “weekly declined detainer report shows, however, many county and city law enforcement agencies regularly release criminal aliens who have been convicted of violent crimes, including domestic battery and sexual assault.”They’re released back into the community. They’re not turned over to ICE as the law requires. They are not detained and put in jail. They are released in these sanctuary cities. “The report, which covers February 4-10, tallied 47 declined detainer requests from two dozen jurisdictions across the country.” What this means is there are 47 different requests from ICE to detain specific violent, illegal criminals, and those 47 requests were rejected by various sanctuary cities. “New York City accounted for 12 of those rejections, far more than any other jurisdiction.”This just one week, folks! Forty-seven is just one week, and Trump’s not accepting “no.” He’s continuing to target them. “Sessions: Convictions Likely Needed to End Government Leaks,” and they’re going to seek the leakers and they’re gonna prosecute them. The only thing that’s gonna stop the leaking is actually finding and convicting these people. He said, “This is not right. We’ve never seen this kind of leaking. It’s almost as if people think they have a right to violate the law. This has got to end, and it will probably take some convictions to put an end to it.”There’s no “probably” to it. There is no question.But the Trump people are pursuing it. “Jeff Sessions Moves to Speed up Deportation of Federal Inmates — Illegal immigrants convicted of a federal crime may be deported more quickly under a policy move announced by Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday.” My point is the Trump administration is getting up every day and going to work, and they are trying as hard as they can to keep the promises that they made during the campaign, and in many ways, they are succeeding. But you don’t…Even that story — the success that Trump is having in targeting illegal immigrants, sanctuary cities — it’s all portrayed in the media: “This doesn’t look good! This looks really mean. This seems really intolerant. Trump must really hate Mexicans.” All that kind of thing is the way it’s characterized. But it isn’t stopping him. It isn’t stopping Sessions. They’re moving ahead with cleaning out the barn and they’re moving ahead with the wall and shoring up the border, and all the caterwauling and whining and moaning by these children in the media is not stopping Trump.








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: We gotta whole Stack here on Gorsuch. The Democrats are getting worried about this Gorsuch thing. They have a secret tape. Have you heard about this secret tape where Claire McCaskill, Senator from Missouri, has been overheard speculating on Stephen Breyer maybe getting a stroke or Ruth “Buzzi” Ginsburg dying or some such thing? And that this is just an even trade, Scalia for GorsuchThen she starts talking about various liberal judges and if they die or have strokes, you know, that’d be really bad if we get another Scalia nominated to replace one of these libs. Somebody who shares our values on the court.








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: Trump has doubled down on his criticism of the Freedom Caucus. Now he’s calling them out by name: Mark Meadows and a couple others. This is not good, folks. Not good. After a football team loses a game, what does the head coach do in the post-game press conference?BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: So President Trump doubling down here on his criticism of the conservatives in the House, the Freedom Caucus. The Politico headline: “Trump Goes After Freedom Caucus Ringleaders.” Now, what kind of a group has ringleaders? Gangs, right? Criminals, bank robbers, drug networks. The ringleaders of the group are usually criminals. I mean that’s the inference people draw. So here’s The Politico: “Trump Goes After Freedom Caucus Ringleaders.” Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan, Raul Labrador. Says here that Trump’s offensive could hurt them in their home districts where he is extremely popular.“‘If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform,’ Trump tweeted Thursday afternoon.” And we have the New York Times, or is it the Washington Post? It’s the New York Times. “How the Freedom Caucus Is Undermining the GOP.” Yeah, you see? It’s always the conservatives that are doing the “undermining.” It’s the conservatives that have “ringleaders.” It’s Trump calling them out. I want to take you to your average Sunday or Monday night in the National Football League.At the end of the game, both coaches conduct postgame press conferences. How many times do you remember a head coach calling out two or three players as the reason the team lost? How many times have you heard, say, Bill Belichick say, “Well, if Brady hadn’t thrown that interception, if he hadn’t thrown that second interception — and if Edelman would have caught a couple damn more passes — we might have won the game.” You don’t hear that, do you? What you hear most of the time is that coaches, for the sake of protecting the players and not distracting or splitting the locker room…The coach takes the hit, and Andy Reid may be the best at doing this. Whatever goes wrong in a game, Andy Reid says in the postgame press, “That’s on me. Yep, that one’s on me. I didn’t prep ’em well. I didn’t… They weren’t ready to play, but that’s on me. That’s on me.” You very seldom see a head coach single out players, whether stars or not, in the aftermath of a defeat. But here you got the three leaders, the three-ring leaders of the Freedom Caucus being singled out. At the same time, this story Bloomberg News:“Anthem Inc. is likely to pull back from Obamacare’s individual insurance markets in a big way for next year, according to a report from analysts who said they met with the company, a move that could limit coverage options for consumers at a politically crucial time for” Obamacare. Now, I thought… Forgive me, my friends, for listening to the Drive-By Media, but I thought Obamacare was not in trouble. I mean, somebody said that Obamacare’s in “a death spiral,” and some news network fact-checked him. Who was that? Who said Obamacare’s in a death spiral? It might have been one of the Freedom Caucus people.Anyway, the Drive-Bys are out there defending Obama. “It’s not nearly as bad a shape. It’s not crumbling like the Republicans say. It’s not in a death spiral.” They did. They fact checked somebody. And yet here is another major insurance company saying we gotta pull out of this, and we’re pulling out of this next year. We can’t survive.I thought the Democrats have been assuring us it was just Republicans and probably Russian propaganda that the Obamacare law was unraveling, that it was spiraling down. After all, if Obamacare was really on the rocks, the Democrats would be very eager to fix it, wouldn’t they? Ha-ha-ha-ha. A little sarcasm there. But it does raise the question: Why aren’t Anthem and the rest of the insurance companies pushing the Ryan plan or any of Trump’s reforms?They had no problems pushing Obamacare like crazy. And if the thing is imploding, if they’re gonna be pulling out, why aren’t they gonna be pushing one of these gigantically great reform plans, hmm? I mean, all these insurance companies were in from day one with Obama. And the main reason for that was Obama guaranteed them a profit by demanding every American buy their stupid product. So if you’re in the business and the federal government passes a law saying every citizen has to buy it or pay a penalty and maybe go to jail, you’d love to be in that business.And then, if you set up rules where the insurance companies and states don’t have any competition from outside, you can’t lose, except they all are. In a legal circumstance where the insurance companies were set up not to fail, guess what’s happening? (interruption) Damn right I mean not to fail. Okay. Follow this now one more time.You’re an insurance company, you sell health insurance. The president of the United States wants you to sign on board to help him sell his new health care reform law called Obamacare. The president says to you, “I’m going to mandate that every American buy the product, and I’m gonna make sure that you don’t have any competition from outside the states you’re operating in.”Who wouldn’t sign up with that? Does that not sound like a guaranteed success path? And yet all of these insurance companies slowly but surely are pulling out of it. And, by the same token, I don’t see any of these insurance companies eagerly embracing the Ryan replacement plan.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Now, to this health care business. As I mentioned earlier today, the president has doubled down on the Freedom Caucus, the 30 or so members of the conservative members of the House of Representatives, The Politico and such others in their headline are referring to the three Freedom Caucus leaders as the ringleaders, Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan, Raul Labrador. The ringleaders? What do you associate ringleaders with? Ringleaders — crime, gangs. Exactly right. Bank robbers. The ringleaders of the group were hiding in the getaway car parked one block down the street.So now these guys are being characterized as ringleaders of some gang, some out-of-control gang in the House, and Trump has doubled down on it. Look, folks, calling them out like this, I know it’s Trump’s technique; I know it’s Trump’s method. But there’s a better way of doing this. These guys are not the enemy. The Democrats are the enemy. The Freedom Caucus has actually made a pretty big move here.The Washington Examiner has the story: “Freedom Caucus’s Reasonable Demand on Obamacare Repeal — President Trump and most of official Washington blames the House Freedom Caucus for the death of the American Health Care Act,” which is the Trump version of the bill. “There is some, but not complete, justification for this. But the Freedom Caucus’s top members have since laid out a clear path to passage or repeal and replace, and are showing a willingness to compromise.” Just in the last couple of days.“They have made a perfectly reasonable and prudent bid in the negotiation. If the White House, Speaker Paul Ryan, and Republican centrists actually want to repeal and replace Obamacare, they should accept the Freedom Caucus’s offer. If they reject it, it will demonstrate that they didn’t mean it when they campaigned for election on a platform that included killing the 2010 law.”And that’s the problem with the first effort: It didn’t kill the law. It sustained much of it and then put in the hands of the secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price, the responsibility of removing a bunch of things from it. And the Freedom Caucus said, “We’re not really getting rid of it, if we’re just letting the secretary remove it and nothing else happens, then the next time the Democrats win they can put those things back in. We need to take them out by statute.”But it’s clear that the objective here was to get a win. The objective was to really knock it out of the park in the first two months, fulfill a campaign promise, say that Obamacare had been repealed and the replace effort was underway, first phase of three. But the ringleaders of the Conservative Caucus were suspicious that this was not gonna end Obamacare, and they had campaigned promising to do so.“Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows laid out his conditions in an editorial board meeting at the Washington Examiner Thursday. The Affordable Health Care Act repealed the employer mandate and the individual mandate. That’s two of Obamacare’s 12 mandates.” There are 12 Obamacare mandates, and two of them are that the employer must provide coverage and that the individual must buy it from somewhere.The Freedom Caucus has asked for two more to be included in the repeal. Mark Meadows said, “If you could just add two more, it would bring us to a total of four of the 12 Obamacare mandates, and that is our ask.” Get rid of these four Obamacare mandates in exchange for our “yes” votes. Here are the additional two mandates that Meadows cited. And these are big.The essential health benefits — that’s the stuff that Obama added after the bill was passed at the discretion of the secretary, who happened to be Kathleen Sebelius. She could just make it up. The bill empowers the secretary of Health and Human Services to make up whatever benefits she wants to throw in there. And by virtue of her desire, they become part of the law. Those are the things that in phase 2 our secretary, Tom Price, was gonna pull out of there.What Mark Meadows is saying, get rid of those things by statute. Name them and get rid of them and pull ’em out so that the next bunch can’t come in and just automatically put ’em back in unless they go through the process of passing a new law. It’s not unreasonable at all, because these were not part of what was voted on anyway. These were added after everybody voted, and they were Obama oriented left-wing premises, so-called health benefits.I can’t give you the names of any right off the top of my head, but it was whatever Kathleen Sebelius wanted. This was where she could mandate that the Catholic Church buy everybody a condom, buy everybody birth control pills. They didn’t dare put that in the legislation. Things like that. The second thing — remember, there are 12 Obama mandates. The fourth mandate, well, actually the second because the employer and the individual mandate are already gone in the Trump-Ryan bill. The second of the new mandates to come out is called community ratings.Now, community ratings, I’m not gonna have time to get into what they are here before the break, but the point is the Freedom Caucus is moving. They’re not demanding a full repeal now in order to get on board. They have identified an additional two Obamacare mandates which are at the top of the list of the worst.And if those would be pulled out, they could see themselves changing and voting for the bill, which would then put the pressure on the Republican moderates who really are the ones that brought this bill down. Because when they saw that it wasn’t gonna pass, they peeled off left and right. They didn’t want their names attached to it in any way if it was gonna be defeated.So their hearts weren’t in it in the first place. They were just sitting around watching, the Republican moderates were, and taking the temperature of the wind and getting in the direction they needed to be in for least damage. But Meadows says if you get rid of the essential health benefits, these things the secretary adds at whim and community ratings, then you’ve got us.Now, the reason they care about these two things, these are the fastest, most important two things that could be done to lower premiums. “Obamacare’s Essential Health Benefits regulation outlaws insurance plans that don’t include sufficient coverage of a long list of treatments and services. This outlaws more affordable health insurance plans.”This is this kind of stuff that makes you buy hemorrhoid insurance when you’re 18 years old, that kind of thing. It makes you buy things you’re never gonna have because you’re too young. It removes such restrictions. These are mandated on the insurance companies to sell. They had no choice, and you had to buy it if you wanted coverage.Rep. Mark MeadowsThe Essential Health Benefits require coverage for ambulance rides, mandated coverage for ambulance rides. “‘Community Rating’ is the name for Obamacare’s price controls on premiums. An insurer can’t raise premiums on risky individuals without also raising premiums on less risky individuals. The result is that everyone’s premiums go up.” Because, by definition, a risky individual’s premiums are gonna be high. That’s the insurance business. But Obama Community Ratings — the way they title these things, Community Ratings, how can you be against that? It’s for the community.What these essentially did is mandate that whatever premium prices were put in place to cover the risky, the same increases had to be in premiums for those who were not risky, were healthy. And so the premiums for healthy people continued to skyrocket because they were not being treated any differently than those at high risk. It was absurd.So the Freedom Caucus says get rid of these two things and we’re on board, because we’ll get rid of the ridiculous mandates and the penalties that go along with it, and we will lower premiums. And that’s what this is all about when you get down to brass tacks. That’s where we are.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: (interruption) Yeah. Now, you know, that’s a good point. A good point. You could say… It’s Friday. So Wednesday, Trump unloads on the Freedom Caucus, and Wednesday night Trump unloads on the Freedom Caucus, and Thursday the Freedom Caucus says, “Okay, how about these two changes?” So is it possible that Trump calling them out is forcing them to react and make concessions? In which case… If that’s the case, then you would have to at least credit Trump and his style for showing results. Now, so they’ve made this move. They’ve offered…There are 12 mandates in Obamacare.The Trump-Ryan version only got rid of two of them.Both of them are mandates: The employer mandate, the individual mandate. So “the ringleaders” of the Freedom Caucus say (summarized), “Okay, give us two more mandates. Get rid of these essential health benefits and get rid of the community rating crap,” which has caused premiums to skyrocket, “and we could probably vote for a new version.” So we’ll see. We’ll see. But on the surface… I mean, because Mark Meadows went to the Washington Examiner to lay this all out yesterday, and Trump began to unload on ’em on Wednesday, and maybe earlier than that. Trump’s unloaded on ’em twice. He unloaded on ’em generically, and then he named names the second time.So patience, my friends.Patience, patience.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: We’re gonna go to Durango, Colorado. This is Bill, and it’s great to have you on Open Line Friday. Thank you for calling, sir.CALLER: Thank you, and flyover country dittos to you, Rush.RUSH: Thank you. Thank you very much.CALLER: Just a quick thought then I’ll get off of here. You know, Trump needs to not ask for that which he doesn’t want. And you’re liable to get it. Remembering George Bush, and he whipped the Republicans to vote for a very unpopular program called Medicare Part D, and it ended up costing him, the Congress. And he ended up having to deal with Nancy. And the health care bill as now constructed is just as unpopular with Republicans as the Medicare Part D was.RUSH: Yeah, it’s true. That’s true. Happens to be true.CALLER: This jammed through, Nancy’s gonna be running the show again.RUSH: Well, you mean if they do this, that the Democrats might win the House back in ’18? Is that what you think?CALLER: Yes, that’s exactly what I think will happen.RUSH: Well, I don’t think this bill is gonna see the light of day.CALLER: Well, I hope you’re right.RUSH: Now, the bill that was rejected, I don’t think they’re even gonna bring it back up. Now, they could. I mean, they might think they’ve applied enough pressure to the ringleaders of the Conservative Caucus and that they’ve intimidated them enough to vote for it, but I don’t think so. I think the bill went down the tubes and it’s not gonna be brought up unless there’s some changes made to it. Remember, it wasn’t just the conservatives peeling off of this thing. I mean, this isn’t reported.There were a lot more RINOs and moderates running for the hills on this than there were in the Freedom Caucus. They just tried to put the onus on the Freedom Caucus here because they’re the conservatives, and they’re the convenient whipping boys and girls. Whipping people. But the moderates in the House, when they saw that it wasn’t gonna pass, they didn’t want to hang around at all, they didn’t want to expend one ounce of effort to save it. All they wanted to do was get their names off of it. There were, I think in truth, there were far more Republicans that were in their hearts opposed to this thing and didn’t want to support it, but they were driven by the salesmanship of solidarity and giving the president his first legislative victory right out of the box, big deal.I told everybody that day — well, Friday afternoon. I was not here, the program was over. I played golf the next day, I was telling everybody, “Look, at least the opportunity to make this better is present. There’s the possibility of good coming out of this.” And I think that’s true. And I’ll be shocked if they try to revive the same bill after thinking they have twisted arms a little more to get some people to support it. I don’t think that will happen.








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: And with half my brain tied behind my back just to be fair. We now head back to the phones. We’re gonna spend some time on the phones here. It’s Open Line Friday. We’ll go to Tallahassee first. Hey, Bob, great to have you. How you doing?CALLER: Greetings, sir, from the former Marine Corps.RUSH: Great to have you with us, sir. Thank you.CALLER: Anyway, a lot of this stuff that’s going on with Flynn and, you know, the whole dilemma, it’s a lot of diversionary tactics in regards to the questions that are being asked. Now, look at both sides. Okay, the Democrats are asking the Russian connection, the Russian connection, the Russian connection! That’s low fruit. What the Republicans should be asking is who authorized the operation of the surveillance, if it did occur, who knew about it, and how was it disseminated?Example: Pence, in regards to Flynn — and that’s a whole — I mean, we got enough here that if you ask the right questions, you got enough for a whole week next week. But the thing is, it’s Pence. He let Flynn go. Why? How did Flynn hear about this or Pence hear about this? Did Pence hear about it in the New York Times? No. Somebody leaked it to him supposedly, right?Okay, how did Pence find out? That’s one of the big questions Pence should be asking, not Flynn, did you talk to the him and what did you say and why. It’s like, how did this happen? Was it normal surveillance, wiretapping, which supposedly was in the New York Times —RUSH: Wait. Hold it. Let’s not confuse things. When you bring Pence into this, the way Pence is involved is because Flynn’s in trouble because he didn’t tell Pence of his phone call with that fat slob Russian ambassador.CALLER: Correct.RUSH: For two weeks.CALLER: How did he find out about the phone call initially?RUSH: Wait. For two weeks after it was known. So your question is how did Pence find out it did happen if Flynn didn’t tell him?CALLER: Correct. Now, if Pence found out via supposedly, you know, under the radar, like as you say two weeks earlier, how did he find out? Was it leaked to Pence, and by whom was it leaked to Pence? Because if it was a normal, say, NSA whatever operation in regards to Russian intelligence, okay, fine. They happen to hear Pence [sic] talking to, you know, like Igor, talking normal, whatever, and they said, okay, fine. But if that was the case, then Flynn, he supposedly by law should be masked. He was not masked. He was outed. Okay. Why was he outed? And who did the outing?RUSH: We already know this.CALLER: Oh? Okay, who outed him? Well, for example, Evelyn Fracas [sic] kind of let the bag out like you said.RUSH: No, Farkas. It’s Evelyn Farkas.CALLER: Okay, correct. Now, she supposedly let the bag out, and she at one time was a Obama employee in his administration —RUSH: In the Pentagon, and she hasn’t been there in a while. She was deeply —CALLER: Correct.RUSH: — buried in the Pentagon. She was not that big and important a deal in the first place.CALLER: Correct. And after that, where did she go? She went to the Hillary campaign, correct?RUSH: I think so.CALLER: Yeah. Correct. Okay. So fine. So now, if she knows about it, how and why did she know about it? And let’s assume, for example, that she still had a few connections in regards to her old job at the Pentagon or whatever.RUSH: Well, wait. Mike, do you happen to have what was sound bite 22 from yesterday handy? If not, I’m just gonna read what she said. See if you can find it. In the meantime, I’m gonna read what she said. This is the bombshell statement that she made on Morning Joe back on March 2nd or March 3rd. This is the bombshell which she’s now saying everybody misunderstood. (imitating Farkas) “It was taken out of context. It was the process. I’m simply trying to alert people to the process, the process, the process.” (interruption) You found it, did you say? I’m sorry. That’s right, 21. I was looking at the wrong bite. I got two bites on one page.Now, Bob, I want you to listen to this. It would actually be more impactful if I read it, but I want you to hear it in her words. Because this is everything. She is admitting what they were doing and why, and she admits the leaking and for why. Here’s what she said back on March 2nd, PMSNBC, that nobody picked up on for three weeks.FARKAS: I was urging my former colleagues and, frankly speaking, the people on the Hill. It was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people: “Get as much information as you can. Get as much intelligence as you can before President Obama leaves the administration.” Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left.So it would be hidden away in the bureaucracy that the Trump folks, if they found out how we knew what we knew about the Trump staff dealing with Russians, that they would try to compromise those the sources and methods. Meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence.So I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open, and I knew that there was more. We have very good intelligence on Russia. So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were trying to also help get information to the Hill. That’s why you have the leaking.RUSH: I mean, she says everything there. She gives everything away and she puts herself right in the middle of it.CALLER: Correct, you and I both have the opinion that she did not initiate this type of surveillance, this type of operation. Who did? Somebody above her. How did she find out about it? Okay. Those are a couple of the questions that need to be asked in regards to the higher hanging fruit. Now, there’s two possibilities. She was a former employee of the Obama administration. Okay, fine. Then Hillary. Which did does it lead to or does it lead to both? And with the Hillary adage, well, that goes back to the old Watergate adage —RUSH: Whoa, whoa, time-out again. Obama himself, there was a New York Times story that identified Obama as one of the people ordering this intel to be preserved. So Obama’s fingerprints are already there, Bob.CALLER: All right, that’s fine. Now, did Obama initiate the surveillance?RUSH: No.CALLER: Okay, that’s fine. You say no. My question for that is — and I’m similar in age to you — is goes back to the old Watergate adage. Follow the money. In this case it’s not follow the money. It’s follow the presidential election. Because when Hillary was winning, what was the news? Oh, yeah, we know about the Russian situation. It’s not a problem, it’s not an issue. Trump wins, and it’s like all of a sudden it’s on the front burner. Now, why is that? Okay, because as you say before, they want to take Trump down and that’s probably the very, very valid reason. Okay, fine.RUSH: But the reason they weren’t using it, and not just not using it, they were pooh-poohing it during the campaign —CALLER: Exactly.RUSH: — telling everybody not to worry about it, because back then the only thing the Russians had successfully targeted was the DNC servers. And remember the DNC had refused the FBI’s request to come examine them.CALLER: Okay. And they were pooh-poohing it, as you say. One of the reasons why it’s possible that they were pooh-poohing it is because it was initiated, one, by a domestic intel agency on American citizens. Now, if that’s the case, that’s against the law. Do you want that to come out if you were either Hillary or the Obama administration? The answer to that question is “no.”RUSH: Well, let me go back again, because I might have raised some eyebrows when you asked me if I thought Obama was responsible for the order —CALLER: Well, I’m not saying he is. I mean, this is very similar to the —RUSH: No, no. The reason I said “no” — I’m not exonerating Obama for anything. I’m just telling you that the NSA sweeps up everything by virtue of their existence. The NSA sweeping up everything, including and specifically targeting people like the fat slob Russian ambassador. They’re listening to every foreign agent they can, and especially in the country. So they’re surveilling the Russian ambassador, who Flynn happens to talk to. That’s how they got Flynn. As far as we know, they weren’t targeting Flynn. We don’t know if there was a FISA warrant. We don’t know any of this. But we do know they were surveilling the Russian ambassador.Now, what happens when they get that intel, the American that is also caught is supposed to remain unidentified and labeled American 1, American 2, however many Americans are in the conversation. What happened was whoever looked at the intel said, “You know what? Let’s unmask Flynn and let’s leak to the New York Times and CNN that Flynn’s been talking to the Russian ambassador.”It was clearly a political move. We don’t know who did that, but Farkas is admitting here that that’s exactly what happened for the express purpose of making sure the Trump people didn’t even come in there and swipe this stuff away and bury it because they wanted to use it politically. The reason during the campaign they didn’t make a heyday about this, they thought Hillary was gonna win in a landslide. They didn’t want anything tainting it.They didn’t want this story about their victory. They didn’t want the Russians being blamed for Hillary winning, so they pooh-poohed it. They said there’s nothing here. They never once expected to lose. And all during the run-up to the last month of the election, you never heard them complaining about the Russians because they thought they were gonna win big. It’s only when they lost, and it happened on election night, that they put this plan together to start blaming it all on the Russians, because the simple reason is they can’t afford for people to think they were actually rejected.The only reason they lost is because somebody stole it from them, not because they were incompetent, not because their policies are bad, not because the American people want no part of ’em. So this whole thing is nothing more than a technique designed to make Trump and everything about his presidency illegitimate, just like they tried to do with Bush after the Florida recount the Supreme Court stopped in 2000.CALLER: — highest hanging fruit yet. There are other people who above her authorized this to be leaked and the operation even to be done, period. Now, if that’s the case, okay —RUSH: Well, what are you the driving at? Are you driving that Obama had to be in charge of this operation ordering people —CALLER: No, I am not saying that. I’m saying that if the right questions are asked and the right information is found out — it’s similar to like what Nunes is doing. He’s doing the homework, what the whole committee should be doing together. Instead the Democrats are going off on this low hanging Russian involvement which is just another diversionary tactic. Nunes is enough to see one and one plus one equals three and not, you know, some other situation. Put it this way. He can walk and chew gum at the same time. He’s two, three steps ahead of these people. And the Democrats want him —RUSH: Recused.CALLER: — taken off of it because he is asking the right questions. He is following, you know, like put it this way. He’s the dog with the right bone. She’s other guys, there’s nothing but diversionary tactics and why are they doing that? Because if that’s the case, you know, I’m not saying Obama, I’m not saying Hillary, but there’s other people within the old administration, put it this way, within the Washington, you know, elite, somebody has a lot to lose. And as you say, they want to maintain it as long as they can.RUSH: Maybe so. I don’t doubt that there are a lot of people here with a lot to lose if this is ever exposed, but I’m gonna tell you this, ’cause your low-hanging fruit and your high-hanging fruit, your question who authorized this, where is the smoking gun memo that told all these people to unmask Flynn, who were the people that were told to call the New York Times and leak all this, and who told ’em to do it. My contention to you is, just like Lois Lerner at the IRS did not need a memo to tell her what to do to shaft conservative groups seeking tax exempt status. She’s a full-fledged ideological partisan leftist hack, and so are some of the people at the FBI.They’re Obama loyalists, and so are some of the people at the CIA. Obama loyalists. And they don’t need to be told. They, in their natural existence, could do this knowing full-fledged this is what anybody else in their position would do. I don’t know necessarily you’re ever gonna get an answer to the questions you’re asking. That’s my only point. But just because you don’t answer or are not able to answer that question doesn’t mean this stuff didn’t happen. We know that it did even before Evelyn Farkas shows up.We know that all this stuff did, because the New York Times published it all, and CNN published or ran with it, Washington Post did. We know that all this stuff happened. We know there was incorrect intelligence gathering. We know there was unmasking, illegal unmasking of American citizens. We know that there was innuendo and lies about their association with the Russians for which there has yet to be a scintilla of evidence reported or found.This is clearly a subversion operation. This is an operation designed to sabotage and neutralize the Trump presidency and to paralyze it. And they’ve done a good job — actually, they haven’t. You know, the next untold story is that Trump is mounting success after success after success. Trump is keeping promise after promise after promise. But nobody in the mainstream media is reporting any of it. Anyway, I have to take a break. Great call. Great to have you here, Bob, but we’ve gotta go.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Now, there’s news today, folks, that we can add to this. It’s from Fox News. Are you ready for this? “Hillary Clinton Aides Had Access to State Department After She Left, Says Key Lawmaker — When Hillary Clinton resigned as Secretary of State in 2013, she negotiated continuing access to classified and top-secret documents for herself and six staffers under the designation ‘research assistants,’ according to a powerful senator who notes that Clinton was later deemed ‘extremely careless’ with such information. The staff apparently retained access even after Clinton announced her run for president in April 2015, according to Sen. Chuck Grassley.”Now, stop and think of this for a second. So Hillary is secretary of state, and she’s gonna resign. She resigned somewhat in disgrace — Benghazi and some of these other things — and she’s gonna run for the presidency, and she negotiates that she and six of her people continued to receive access to classified top secret documents for herself and six staffers even after she’s gone, and including during the time she was running for president. Now, can you say “Evelyn Farkas”? because this opens up a whole ‘nother door of this.We have the Obama administration — which would automatically have access to this stuff — and we have the Obama loyalists in the deep state who would have no problem whatsoever looking into whoever’s tapped in this incidental wiretap. Like when the Russian ambassador is targeted, his phone calls are tapped, he ends up talking to Flynn, “Ooh, look what we got.” Flynn’s gotten incidentally. They unmask him and leak that he’s been talking to the Russian ambassador, and that may not be cool.Mrs. Clinton, during her campaign (and presumably all during), had access to the same stuff. And then the election comes, and Mrs. Clinton is humiliated in defeat and she has access. She’s still got all that stuff, and this is stuff was on her server in Chappaqua, and she’s trafficking in all of this, and now all this gets dumped into the Drive-By Media after she loses. There’s a lot to unpack here, folks. We’re not even halfway through.








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: Now, on this business of the White House offering the Senate committee on intel, and I guess the House, too, to come up and check the intel that Devin Nunes saw, here once again, my friends, the reporting on this is so spotty and it’s so purposely incomplete.The material, classified material that is in the hands of the National Security Council is always held on the grounds of the White House at the OEOB, the Old Executive Office Building, otherwise known as the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. And it’s just across a narrow street that’s actually used for transportation, a little parking there. You come out of the West Wing in the back, and you walk across a little street, and there’s the Old Executive Office Building. It’s where the vice president’s office is, ceremonial. It is where the National Security Council’s offices are.Whenever you hear such-and-such, White House counsel, White House staffer, 95% of them don’t work in the White House or the West Wing. The West Wing’s actually a very small complex and it’s crowded and it’s overflowing with people. The Old Executive Office Building — Google this or, you know, look at it on apple maps. It’s plain as day. You can see it plain as day. But that’s where all this intel is being held. It’s not actually in the White House. A minor point, but it’s not in the White House. It’s the Old Executive Office Building now known as the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.It’s probably up on the fourth floor which is where the National Security Council is based and of course the National Security Council’s part of the executive branch, part of the president’s intel apparatus. They have exceptional security up there, and it is a time honored tradition to put highly classified material there and to have congressmen come there to view it. SOP. Standard operating procedure.It is not unusual for the White House to extend an invitation to Shifty and the Senate counterparts to head over here and look at this. The White House: We’re not hiding anything. Nunes came up and saw it, you can come see it. And these senators and members of the House and the Democrats say: screw you, we’re not coming up on your turf. You send it over to us. And there’s a turf war going on, a little bit of a breakdown there.But Nunes is being excoriated for being very careful with highly classified material. In this case it includes the unmasked American citizens. Meanwhile, while Nunes is doing everything he can to respect the classified status of this stuff, look at Hillary Clinton who was trafficking in this stuff — this kind of kind of stuff we’re talking about. She was trafficking in this stuff, that server of hers in her basement, in Chappaqua.And Hillary Clinton is a hero. She didn’t do anything wrong. There wasn’t any classified data coming in or out of her server. She knew better than that, and that’s total BS. So we want to now castigate Devin Nunes for going to where the archives are held and looking at it and reporting on it, and, meanwhile, that’s the stuff that Hillary Clinton was trafficking in on her email and her server in her house at Chappaqua.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: I meant to mention — I’ve got time to do it here before we have to get out of here. Kimberley Strassel in a column yesterday in the Wall Street Journal does sort of a bullet-point timeline on Devin Nunes and the House Intelligence Committee ending at the Executive Office Building going through intel there, which he says confirms some of what Trump has said.Kimberley Strassel goes through it all and literally confirms that the bottom line is that the Obama administration was indeed spying on the incoming Trump administration. They may not have targeted Trump people, they may have purposefully targeted people they knew Trump transition people would be talking to and intercepted them that way. But to her it’s practically a conclusion that’s guaranteed.








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: Next week the ChiCom big kahuna is coming to town. He’s going to meet with Trump over a couple of days at Mar-a-Lago. But he’s not going to be staying at Mar-a-Lago. The ChiCom leader is gonna be staying at some motel in Lantana. I’m not kidding. It may not be a motel. It might be a private resort or private home, but he’s not staying at Mar-a-Lago.And the reason he’s not staying at Mar-a-Lago is that the ChiCom leader doesn’t want the peasants that live in his country, doesn’t want them to see the style of luxury and so forth that he might be experiencing if he were seen tooling around Mar-a-Lago. So he’s gonna stay in some out-of-the-way, off-the-beaten-path place. I think it’s Lantana, Lantana, Manalapan, very close to one another. They’re south of where Mar-a-Lago is. You’re looking at me like you can’t believe that.Trump is saying it’s gonna be a tough two days of meetings. It’s gonna be really tough. The ChiComs are tough. The ChiComs are smart. And the ChiComs have been negotiating with stupid leaders up ’til now. And you know what one of the beefs is? Folks, this is just too rich. Apparently the ChiComs are gonna accuse Trump of retarding world progress on climate change, because of Trump getting rid of all these regulations at the EPA.The ChiComs are gonna say, “Okay, look, if you expect us to pick up your slack, you can forget it. We’re not gonna exempt you guys from what everybody else is having to do to save the climate. We’re not gonna pick up your slack.” Now, the truth is the ChiComs aren’t doing anything. The ChiComs don’t believe in climate change. They just say they do. The ChiComs are using coal, they’re using the dirtiest fuel they can find.The ChiComs have got their own pollution problems, and they’re making no effort to really fix them, because the ChiComs are totally focused on unbridled economic growth, and they’ll deal with all those problems later. Right now they’ve gotta grow their economy. They have to create 15, 20 million new jobs a year in China, and those jobs cannot be in the cities. The cities are overrun. The cities are overpopulated. That’s why there’s so much pollution in the cities.So the ChiCom leader has to create 15, 20 million jobs a years in the countryside. That’s, by the way, one of the reasons why Apple’s manufacturing factories are way out in the sticks in China. Shenzhen, some of them are close to Hong Kong, but many of the factories that Apple uses, they partner with a company called Foxconn, these factories are out in the middle of nowhere.These factories are cities, 300 to 500,000 people work in these factories, and they built up little towns around them to house them. Hospitals, schools, everything else, all built around the factory. Imagine two or 300,000 people or 500,000 in a single facility. It’s not one big building, there are many buildings, but it’s an incredible number of employees. And the ChiCom cities like Beijing, Shanghai, all these, they’re overrun.So the ChiCom leader’s got his own problems. But they are a staunch enemy of ours when you strip it all away. And Trump has acknowledged it’s gonna be a real tough two days with the guy. And the guy has made it plain he doesn’t play golf. Trump can’t take him to play golf, he’s not gonna be playing golf, he’s not interested in that. He’s not interested anything social.However, the ChiCom leader has a wife — this is a first — most communist leaders’ wives are never made public. I mean, they are the epitome of backgrounders. They show up at dinners but they don’t speak. They nod, they bow, they do whatever. But this guy’s wife, however, has taken the world by storm. She’s supposedly a model. She’s supposedly very, very aggressive, very up front, very visible, and loves being in the spotlight.I mean, we don’t see communist leaders like this. I mean, think of Raisa Gorbachev. Did you ever see the wife of Yuri Andropov? Did you ever see the wife of Leonid Brezhnev? Did you ever see Khrushchev’s wife? No. And even if you did, you wouldn’t know that she was the wife of one of the communist leaders. So this ChiCom guy’s wife, that’s a whole different mix. But they are not doing the social route. They are not gonna do anything that will send pictures back home of the ChiCom leader sitting around drinking pina coladas in the lap of luxury at Mar-a-Lago. It’s not gonna happen.








Mar 31, 2017RUSH: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, Michael Flynn, General Flynn, who has become the kicking football, the scapegoat, the what-have-you.Mike Flynn has become the repository of everything that “doesn’t look good” in the Trump administration. Whatever doesn’t look good, point to Michael Flynn. So Flynn has piped up and said, “Hey, grant me immunity, and I’ll tell you anything I know,” and what is the immediate reaction when you…? I ran it by Snerdley just to do a little test here. I said, “Are you bothered that Flynn is asking for immunity? “Damn right I am!” “Why?” “What are they hiding? I want to know what they’re hiding.” “Wait a minute, now. Flynn’s supposed to be on your team.”“I don’t care! What’s he hiding? It doesn’t look good. It doesn’t look…” (laughing) Flynn asking for immunity, “It doesn’t look good.” I saw Jason Chaffetz… (interruption) Well, in this case, I don’t have a generic first thought. That’s my whole point. When I heard that Flynn was asking for immunity, I began thinking, “Okay, why?” I didn’t immediately assume the guy’s guilty ’cause I’m sorry, I’m not gonna fall for “it doesn’t look good.” They’re trying to destroy the guy, and, I don’t know. Maybe he deserves to be destroyed, but I doubt it.The guy’s just an uber-loyalist. He was one of the first uber-loyalists Trump had. He was in there; he was at every rally. He was doing everything he could at the time to support Trump, to get Trump elected. It’s clear he wanted a position in the Trump administration. He ran the defense intel. Yeah, he may be one of these guys that rubs people wrong because he never laughs and he’s dead serious and the enemy is right around the corner and we can’t afford to relax one day. He might wear people out; I don’t know. I don’t know the guy.But I do know that he’s sitting there minding his own business and anything in this story that’s awry gets dumped on him. So it’s clear if there’s a scalp that has to be delivered by the Trump people with time to buy here, it’s gonna be his, and he can figure this out. Imagine if you’re Flynn for a second, and you haven’t done anything. The only thing you did was maybe not tell Pence the truth in a timely fashion about something. But you didn’t break the law when talking to the Russian ambassador. You didn’t bring up sanctions. You didn’t do anything. All you’ve done is been loyal. And what’s it bought him?His service to the country? He’s a great patriot. What’s that buying him now?It’s getting him nothing. Now, don’t feel sorry for him. He knows how politics works. That’s why I think he’s asking for immunity. If you must know… If you really want to know what I think about this, I think he’s asking for immunity for protection against any allegation of perjury. I would expect, in fact, if he’s granted immunity… I don’t think the Democrats are gonna do it for the reason I’m gonna give you right now. If he’s granted immunity, I think he wants to unload on the media and unload on the Democrats and unload on everybody writing and broadcasting this phony baloney, plastic banana, good-time rock ‘n’ roll BS story.What he’s been accused of so far… You know, when anybody starts talking to the FBI, all they can think of is the Martha Stewart crime: Telling a lie during the interview, not committing any crime beforehand. When they can’t get you on the actual commission of a crime, they get you on the process crime. Martha Stewart went to jail for what, six months, for lying to them in an interview. He’s not stupid. He knows there’s a public record of what he said. There is a private record of what he said. The people that he’s spoken to might also be sought, so he wants immunity — my guess is — from perjury charges.And maybe he wants full-fledged immunity, limited-use immunity. I don’t know what he wants. I’m just guessing at it all, and I don’t think… Look, folks, I could be wrong, but I don’t think Flynn is looking to turn on Trump or the Republicans. Now, clearly the Democrats are salivating over that possibility. With Flynn coming in and saying, “Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey, I’ll come out and play and talk if you give me immunity!” “Well, okay!” It’s like Oliver North before the Senate Iran-Contra committee, remember that?When North said he was testifying, Senator Inouye was on the committee, but there was also a New York lawyer they brought in to actually lead the panel. I can’t remember his name. He lived right across the street from where I did. (interruption) No, no, no, no. It wasn’t Salazar. Somebody. I’ll find the name. It was a famous, you know, New York-Washington, big white-shoe firm lawyer guy. And he said (impression), “Colonel North! Colonel North!” You remember how North ran rings about that committee? Because they assumed that Oliver North had the goods on Ronald Reagan and was prepared to give him up.Instead, North ran rings around ’em and it was the first public display of “do not grant immunity until you know what the immunized witness is gonna say.” They were so arrogant. They thought they had Reagan dead to rights, ’cause they thought they had Ollie dead to rights. They did not factor Ollie’s loyalty. North… In fact, this lawyer, said (impression), “Colonel North! Colonel North, what were you doing? I have a document here that survived — survived — survived the, uh, shredder.” And North said, “You mean I missed one?” He just run circles around ’em.Now, I think that the popular assumption on Flynn is that he’s ready to turn on Trump, do a 180, that he’s tired of being the punching bag, and I think it’s just the exact opposite. If I were Flynn, I’d be livid over all this. I’d be livid that this all led to me having to be fired ’cause I’m a great guy. “I’m a great patriot, I’m loyal to Trump, I helped Trump, I did everything I could. But I took a bullet for the team. Okay, fine. Somebody has to go here to quiet the dogs, I’ll go. Yeah, I could have briefed Pence a little earlier than I did, but I was just following orders.” But if I were the Democrats, I would be very worried that Flynn was going to just unload on them on the whole thing, from the principle of it on down.And on that basis, we’ll see. We’ll see if the guy actually gets immunity.Remember Cheryl Mills? Cheryl Mills was an assistant to Hillary Clinton, an executive assistant, a confidant, a Huma Junior. And during one of the interviews that the FBI conducted about Benghazi — no. It might have been Benghazi and the emails and the server. They allowed Hillary to claim that Cheryl Mills was her lawyer. Cheryl Mills had never been her lawyer, and they granted Cheryl Mills immunity. The FBI allowed Cheryl Mills to be granted immunity.It was senseless, it made no sense. Everybody thought, “What did this mean? This means the investigation is not really serious or thorough. Why grant this person immunity when she has inside information that you are seeking?” And the revelation that she was granted immunity led everybody to believe the FBI was really not serious about finding out whatever it was that Hillary had been doing. Do you think it’s odd, Mr. Snerdley, that in this environment, we are living — we’re in the midst of insanity here. Washington, D.C., collectively has lost its mind.Michael Flynn knows that he’s the target. He knows that he’s at least the first scalp. If the Democrats can get him, whoa. You don’t think it makes sense to ask for immunity. Okay, no matter what it looks like. I mean, he doesn’t have time to be worried about what it looks like. He’s gotta be worried about the rest of his life, his reputation, career, so forth and so on and if they’re rigging the game to the extent they have, the media which runs the town, the Democrats and their sycophants, I mean, you want to hear what I know? You gotta grant me immunity. Meaning also, don’t hit me with any of these bogus perjury charges. I think it’s eventual perjury charges, I’m just guessing, but that was the first thing that popped into my mind about Flynn.See, folks, it’s a great example here. If you look at what’s going on in Washington as a war and these skirmishes are the various battles, Flynn is on the Trump team. And look how easily, look how quickly without thinking people are willing to throw him overboard after all of this loyalty, after all of this devotion, after all the time he spent trying to help Trump by simply asking for immunity.It’s the natural reaction, “Oh, my God, oh, my God! You don’t want immunity unless you’re guilty.” Everybody thinks that. Jason Chaffetz, House Republican, the oversight committee on TV today, “Immunity from what? I don’t understand this request for immunity.” So even people on the same team that Flynn thinks he’s on have the knee-jerk reaction, “A-ha, immunity. Guilty.” And Flynn knows that there are all kinds of people that would love to be able to shovel half of this off on him when in truth Michael Flynn has had criminal activity perpetrated against him.He was not surveilled. He was not under surveillance. The Russian ambassador was. We should never have known who the Russian ambassador was talking to, but the Democrats, the Obama holdovers — think Evelyn Farkas — are the people that unmasked Flynn, made his name public and associated it with all those leaks from the so-called intel community that were happening in late December and January.If anybody ought to be asking for immunity, it’s whoever it is that unmasked Flynn and blabbed to the media that he’s the guy the Russian ambassador was talking to when this particular surveillance was documented and transcribed. So I just think it’s a little premature here to automatically assume that Flynn is guilty in all of this. He may be. I don’t know. But I think it’s timely here and would make sense to examine everything from all sides, because it is clear that they aren’t gonna stop any of this until they get Trump.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: That Democrat prosecutor that I was thinking of that was prosecuting Ollie North is Arthur Liman from Manhattan, and that was 1986. I moved to New York in 1988, and it didn’t take me long to get accustomed to what you read in New York. You read Page Six, you read Liz Smith and all these. And I’m seeing the name Arthur Liman in the society columns and in the gossip columns, that Arthur Liman’s hosting a deal there, Arthur Liman drinking from the fountain in his apartment building. He was a hero.He was a hero in New York even after Oliver North made mincemeat of him. He was a hero because he tried to get Oliver North. Arthur Liman, Colonel North, Colonel North. I’ll never forget it. There’s certain things you don’t forget. The Clarence Thomas, Anita Hill hearings, and Susan what’s her name, Hoerchner. It sounded like she was testifying while constipated for three weeks. Just hilarious stuff.Anyway, about Flynn, we need to also make a clarification. The House permanent subcommittee on intelligence is saying they have not subpoenaed him, they have not offered him immunity, they’ve not sought to talk to him. So remember this request for immunity is based on an anonymous source. The spokesperson for the House committee says there has been no such request from Flynn for immunity. I’m not sure about the Senate committee, but even Trump’s out there reacting to it.“Oh, yeah, he ought to ask for immunity. He ought to ask for immunity, the way this thing’s turned into a witch hunt.” I bet you think that Trump would be scared of Flynn getting immunity, but he seems to be encouraging it.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: One more thing about Flynn, folks. The Senate is denying it, too, that they have extended immunity or that Flynn has asked. So right now all we have is an unnamed source claiming that Flynn is seeking immunity. I mean, the people that he’s supposedly seeking it from are denying they have been asked. Now, we haven’t talked to the Russians, but I don’t know how the Russians could grant him immunity.I gather anything’s possible. Could the Russians grant him immunity in this case? It depends. Putin is out there saying (paraphrasing), “You know, you Americans, you’re screwing this up royally. We now are in a worse relationship than we were at any time in the Cold War.” That’s what Putin is saying. And he means the American political system, Washington. “You guys are making such a mess of this. We didn’t do anything to your election! We didn’t have a thing to do with your election.”I know you don’t want to believe Putin. Nobody will. But he is claiming that it’s worse than ever.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Berryville, Virginia. Hi, Keith. You’re next. It’s great to have you here.CALLER: Hey, thanks for taking my call. I just wanted to say that I think Flynn would be a fool not to ask for immunity, you’re correct. We kind of forget about what happened to Scooter Libby.RUSH: Yeah. Exactly. Scooter Libby didn’t do anything.CALLER: No. They knew he didn’t know anything when the investigation started, and they knew it was Armitage, and they still investigated him as being the guy who outed Valerie Plame and wrapped him around the axle.RUSH: You’re right. That remains one of the strangest things. Let me basically recap this for those of you who are new to the program. I’m sure most of you remember the controversy surround the outing of a supposed CIA spy by the name of Valerie Plame. Now, supposedly it happened when Robert Novak, the late great columnist Robert Novak wrote a column identifying her as a spy. This goes back to the weapons of mass destruction era and controversy. Her husband, Joe Wilson, had been dispatched to Africa to find some yellowcake uranium that Saddam Hussein supposedly had bought. He went over there.The Bush team sending this guy over there was as dumb as Trump hiring Chuck Schumer to do something. It was silly. So, anyway, the guy comes back, reports there isn’t anything, Saddam’s not buying anything, Bush is lying. Novak column appears. And all of a sudden the media and the Democrats are outraged that a CIA agent has been outed and an investigation begun.Now, Novak had to protect his source, and for a while he did, ’cause that’s what journalists do, but eventually he revealed that it was Richard Armitage at the Bush State Department who told him that Valerie Plame was a CIA agent, the wife of Joe Wilson. And Armitage and Colin Powell were kind of close, buddy-buddy over there at the State Department.Well, this ended up being a full-blown special prosecutor investigation that was run by Pat Fitzgerald, who was a prosecutor of unassailable reputation. And what they really wanted was to get Karl Rove. They wanted to associate Rove with this leak. They brought Rove in, they interviewed him I don’t know how many times, all these people. They finally brought in Scooter Libby, who worked for Dick Cheney. And Scooter got himself caught up in a process crime like Martha Stewart did, and he ended up going to jail for being involved in the leak of the name Valerie, when everybody knew all along it was Armitage.It was one of the strangest things in the world. But everybody was aligned trying to destroy Bush. This was in the second term when they were trying to destroy the war in Iraq and hang that around Bush’s neck, exactly what they’re trying to do with Trump now. Back then it was the Iraqi war and Bush irresponsibly getting people into it. Today it’s the Russians working with Trump to screw the election from Hillary.But in a way it’s repeating, and so this is why Keith says it makes sense for Flynn to demand immunity if he testifies because if he doesn’t, they’re gonna get him no matter what. He’s already been targeted as such. But again, I need to remind you, everybody involved is saying he’s not asked. The Senate and House committees say they haven’t had any such requests from Flynn or his lawyers for immunity.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: The last I heard was that neither House or Senate committee had ever heard from Flynn, Michael Flynn, about immunity. And yet right there on Fox: “Michael Flynn offers to testify in exchange for immunity.” I haven’t seen that confirmed. The committees are saying they haven’t heard from Flynn or his lawyers. And CNN’s running the same thing. And I’m sitting here wondering, have I missed something? Did something happen in the last five minutes when I got up and walked around the building here?Because this morning it was just the House was saying, “Hey, we haven’t heard from Flynn.” And then the Senate weighed in, “We haven’t heard from Flynn, either.” And the networks are still running stories: “Michael Flynn offers to testify in exchange for immunity.” Well, these two committees have said that they have not heard from Flynn with this offer. It’s an unnamed source that’s propelling all of this. What about the possibility that Flynn nor his lawyers have even asked for immunity? Everybody thinks he has now. And because they think he has, they think he’s gotta be guilty of something.So let me run this down. These networks are running this like it’s a no-doubt story that Flynn’s seeking immunity. And yet again the last thing I saw was nobody on any committee says they’ve yet been asked for immunity by Flynn or anybody associated with him.








WordPress.com is an easy, hassel-free way to set up a website or a blog for free. Millions of users on WordPress.com are also using Eventbrite, so we've teamed up with WordPress.com to create an integration that makes your life easier, by making it dead simple to keep your event information synced to your WordPress.com site.Update: May 12, 2015!You can now integrate your Eventbrite Events into any theme on WordPress.com.  You can add a list of your events, include a registration widget and have it applied to any page in your site.  There are two Eventbrite themes that you can apply to your WordPress.com site. A theme for event organizers with one event and a theme for event organizers with multiple events. In addition to the two custom themes, we've also built a widget that any WordPress.com user can add to their site to pull in a list of their upcoming events.The Eventbrite integration for WordPress comes in 3 different forms. You can use one of two themes (the multi-event theme or the single-event theme) or the widget. The widget can be used with any other theme.








Fox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University professor George Cicariello-Maher wrote on social media that he was “trying not to vomit or yell about Mosul” when an airline passenger traded his first-class for that of a soldier’s seat in coach. When Carlson tried to figure out why he was only met with incoherent responses.He started by saying it was “really irresponsible to support…wars” that result in the deaths of U.S. military and foreign civilians. “But you’re blaming the solider—you’re not blaming the policy-maker,” Carlson pointed out. “Why is it bad to give them a first-class seat? Somebody’s trying to be nice to a guy who’s going through all these hardships…and that makes you mad. Why?” Ciccariello-Maher continued with the claim that military needed real support, including health care, not an “empty gesture.” The conversation only escalated and got more convoluted from there. Watch the segment below and tell us what you think.  Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.comNEWS / by American News -  8 hours agoSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for…NEWS / by American News -  9 hours agoThis week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoFor months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoMelania Trump has been slowly adjusting to her new life as First Lady. Melania is a strong woman, so she has been able to withstand the attacks on her character…








Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for voting for Donald Trump. Schumer cause a ruckus when he started yelling at Joseph A. Califano Jr. and his wife, Hilary, who were in the middle of a quiet dinner. The confrontation ultimately resulted in Schumer standing on the New York City sidewalk calling Trump “a liar.” Califano Jr. served in the Carter administration a secretary of health, education, and welfare. He was also a domestic policy adviser to President Lyndon B. Johnson.“They are a highly respected couple, and Schumer made a scene, yelling, ‘She voted for Trump!’ The Califanos left the restaurant, but Schumer followed them outside,” one witness said of the rant. But Schumer didn’t stop there. He followed the couple to the sidewalk where he reportedly yelled: “How could you vote for Trump? He’s a liar!”A spokesperson for Schumer denied that the exchange took place, but Califano’s wife confirmed the incident.  This behavior is beneath a sitting senator. https://t.co/d0ZWEKNDUt— Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) March 28, 2017NEWS / by American News -  6 hours agoFox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University…NEWS / by American News -  9 hours agoThis week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoFor months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoMelania Trump has been slowly adjusting to her new life as First Lady. Melania is a strong woman, so she has been able to withstand the attacks on her character…








This week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid taxes, Belen Sisa also admitted that she and her family are here illegally. “MYTHBUSTER: I, an undocumented immigrant, just filed my taxes and PAID $300 to the state of Arizona,” she wrote on Facebook on Sunday. “I cannot receive financial aid from the state or federal government for school, I cannot benefit from unemployment, a reduced healthcare plan, or a retirement fund. I think I’m a pretty good citizen. Oh and there are MILLIONS just like me who pay into a system they will never receive anything from. Wanna tell me again how I should be deported, contribute nothing and only leech off this country while the 1% wealthiest people in this country steal from you every day? How about you show me yours Donald J. Trump? #HereToStay.”Sisa is currently protected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program created by President Obama, but she shouldn’t have been surprised that not everyone was inspired by her message. She has been in American since she was six-years-old when her parents overstayed their visas from Argentina. Her Facebook reveals that she is not a political activist and a supporter of Sen. Bernie Sanders. NEWS / by American News -  6 hours agoFox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University…NEWS / by American News -  8 hours agoSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoFor months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoMelania Trump has been slowly adjusting to her new life as First Lady. Melania is a strong woman, so she has been able to withstand the attacks on her character…








For months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief has been unprecedented. What’s worse, the stars are being called “courageous” for it. Independent Journal Review wanted to talk to someone who knows what real courage is about the controversy, so they interviewed Benghazi survivor and former Army Ranger, Kris Paronto. Here’s what he had to say:In the last eight years, the office of the president has turned into an office of celebrity. Obama was so concerned with how many times he could be on ‘The Jimmy Fallon Show’ and what he looked like on TV.He turned the position of Commander-in-Chief into a pop culture thing and pulled away from what the office of the president is all about — leadership.He wasn’t supposed to be a celebrity, he was supposed to be a dignified leader. Still, Hollywood was all over celebrity Obama.At the same time, I don’t want to lump all of Hollywood together. Because you got guys like John Krasinski and Pablo Schriver, who played us in the movie. Sure they are liberal, but they are extremely, extremely, respectful of veterans and our sacrifices.But then you have these other celebrities. And you know what, you’re a monkey and somebody is turning the crank. You’re here to entertain us. When you’re gone, we don’t give a sh*t, we will find another monkey to do the job you were doing.The only time I have a real issue with this at all is when these people are looked at as role models. When they back out, and publications like the New York Times or CNN put them on a pedestal for dropping out, it does a major disservice to Americans.They’re not role models. There’s nothing courageous about sitting in your five million dollar mansion and looking down upon us. It’s arrogant, it’s pompous, and it’s not bravery.They’re all actors pretending to be someone else. Just because you played a police officer or military veteran, doesn’t mean you understand what it’s like to be in our shoes.So you know what, Meryl Streep, stop putting others down and go do something else. Be like Pat Tillman, drop everything you’re doing and put your life on the line. Robert De Niro, you played a cop in the movies, go be a cop on the streets.The same principle applies to these other celebrities. You wore a uniform as a costume. Try putting one on to serve your country.”Paronto then had a message for Americans about who they should really look up to.“The real role models are the guy who goes and puts his life on the line for his country, the police officer who jumps in front of bullet, and the EMT who treats the wounded on the scene, people who put others before themselves,” he said. “Those are the true celebrities.” NEWS / by American News -  6 hours agoFox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University…NEWS / by American News -  7 hours agoSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for…NEWS / by American News -  9 hours agoThis week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoMelania Trump has been slowly adjusting to her new life as First Lady. Melania is a strong woman, so she has been able to withstand the attacks on her character…








House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans rejected the Democratic candidate and elected Donald Trump to the white house. Recently, Pelosi has been exhibiting some very bizarre behavior that has shocked both Republicans and Democrats alike. Now, a former Bill Clinton Adviser has just published an inside story claiming that 77-year-old Pelosi is actually senile.“Is Nancy Pelosi senile?” political consultant Dick Morris asked. “When you look at her statements over the past couple of months, you’re driven to the conclusion that she really has begun to lose it.” “She constantly confuses the name of the president, she recently gave a whole thing denouncing Bush, when in fact, she was planning to denounce Trump,” Morris continued. “She’s missing her cues, saying stuff that’s confused and sort of garbage. When we read the text of her remarks, you wonder what’s the matter with her. Now there are some people on whom senility is an improvement, and in the case with Nancy Pelosi, I think that might be the case.”NEWS / by American News -  6 hours agoFox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University…NEWS / by American News -  7 hours agoSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for…NEWS / by American News -  9 hours agoThis week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoFor months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoMelania Trump has been slowly adjusting to her new life as First Lady. Melania is a strong woman, so she has been able to withstand the attacks on her character…








Melania Trump has been slowly adjusting to her new life as First Lady. Melania is a strong woman, so she has been able to withstand the attacks on her character from angry liberals. But as a devoted mother, it has been extraordinarily trying to watch people attack her 10-year-old son Barron. “This life wasn’t her dream. It was Donald’s,” Phillip Block, a friend and stylist of the Trump family, told US Magazine. “Truthfully, it’s a lot to cope with.Another source claims that Melania is “miserable.” Before becoming First Lady, Melania took her son to school every day. Since her husband became president, she has opted to stay in her building and avoid protesters and a media circus.“Melania has the Secret Service take Barron to school and retrieve him,” the source continued.One of the most difficult parts of the new spotlight has been watching adults mock her son—even going so far as to question his mental state. Rosie O’Donnell called Barron autistic and a Saturday Night Live writer called him a school shooter. Joy Behar showed her disrespect for the Trump family by referring to Barron as “THAT CHILD” in a recent rant.What do you think? Are you tired of liberals taking out their anger on the Trump family? NEWS / by American News -  6 hours agoFox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University…NEWS / by American News -  7 hours agoSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for…NEWS / by American News -  9 hours agoThis week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoFor months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans…








In the two months that Michelle Obama has been out of the White House, she has spent most of her time out of the public eye. Recently, however, she came out of hiding to make one of her first public appearances as former First Lady. Earlier this month, Michelle headed to Washington D.C.’s Sidwell Friends School to meet with Sasha’s counselor. While she was there, she was asked whether she would be willing to meet with nine students from Browning High School in Montana who were part of an exchange program. The students were part of Browning’s Human Rights Club and were giving presentations on Native culture when they were asked to meet in a conference room.They had no idea they were going to meet the former First Lady. “We were hurried out to the main campus house and there were secret service everywhere,” Amy Andreas, Browning librarian and Human Rights Club adviser said. “Then boom, in walks Michelle.” Michelle talked to the group about success and the ‘use of networking.’“Mostly what I took away was to ask for things if you want them,” Dylan RunningCrane commented. “Kids on the reservation are never taught that. If you want something, you have to ask.” What do you think about Michelle’s surprise visit? NEWS / by American News -  6 hours agoFox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University…NEWS / by American News -  8 hours agoSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for…NEWS / by American News -  9 hours agoThis week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoFor months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans…








President Donald Trump got good news this week when a federal judge upheld his executive order on immigration and travel in a ruling that could prompt a Supreme Court battle. Judge Anthony Trenga of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia said that Trump was legally allowed to ban travel from those countries specified in the order. Trenga concluded that any president “has unqualified authority to bar physical entry to the United States at the border.”Trenga also noted that the order does not mention religion and therefore has a “state secular purpose for protecting U.S. citizens from attacks. Thinking more logically than the judges who halted the ban, Trenga drew a barrier between Trump’s rhetoric on the campaign trail and his official actions as president.  “This court is no longer faced with a facially discriminatory order coupled with contemporaneous statements suggesting discriminatory intent,” Trenga wrote. “And while the President and his advisers have continued to make statements following the issuance of EO-1 (the first executive order) that have characterized or anticipated the nature of EO-2 (the revised ban), the court cannot conclude for the purposes of the motion that these statements, together with the President’s past statements, have effectively disqualified him from exercising his lawful presidential authority.”“The substantive revisions reflected in EO-2 have reduced the probative value of the President’s statements to the point that it is no longer likely that plaintiffs can succeed on their claim that the predominate purpose of EO-2 is to discriminate against Muslims based on their religion and that EO-2 is a pretext or a sham for that purpose,” he added.Trump’s Justice Department has already thanked Trenga for coming to this conclusion.“As the court correctly explains, the president’s executive order falls well within his authority to safeguard the nation’s security,” department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores said of the order. NEWS / by American News -  6 hours agoFox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University…NEWS / by American News -  7 hours agoSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for…NEWS / by American News -  9 hours agoThis week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoFor months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans…








Taking things to a new extreme, liberals are demanding that Bill O’Reilly be fired after he made fun of Maxine Waters’ hair. Apparently, that makes him a racist. Of course, these are the same people who have spent the last two years making fun of President Donald Trump’s hair. During an appearance on Fox News’ “Fox & Friends” on Monday, O’Reilly joked that he couldn’t take Water’s seriously during one of her anti-Trump speeches because of her “James Brown wig.” “I didn’t hear a word she said,” he commented. “I was looking at the James Brown wig.” The comment was made after O’Reilly joked that he “loves” Waters and hopes to see more of her—in her own sitcom. “People get angry at Maxine Waters,” O’Reilly laughed. “I want more of it.”“She’s a sincere individual, whatever she says she believes,” he continued, in a more serious tone. “I love you Maxine. I want to see you on The Factor, and when hell freezes  over, I’m sure that will happen.” After receiving immense backlash, O’Reilly addressed his controversial comments, saying: “As I have said many times, I respect Congresswoman Maxine Waters for being sincere in her beliefs. I said that again today on Fox & Friends calling her ‘old school.’ Unfortunately, I also made a jest about her hair which was dumb. I apologize.” They need to fire  #RacistBillOReilly for his James Brown hair comment about Maxine Waters just like they fired… https://t.co/doSaJxyjna— BRUCE GEORGE (@BRUCEGEORGE1) March 28, 2017NEWS / by American News -  6 hours agoFox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University…NEWS / by American News -  8 hours agoSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for…NEWS / by American News -  9 hours agoThis week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoFor months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans…








Given the hostility being thrown their way almost every day since Clinton lost the election, Trump supporters have banded together. You’d better believe they are going to take a stand against violence—especially if you hurt an innocent woman. This past weekend at a “Make America Great Again” rally in Huntington Beach, a masked Never-Trumper pepper-sprayed and punched event organizer Jennifer Sterling. Trump supporters quickly took action, beating down a group of protesters who came to violently disrupt their event. Unfortunately, a massive brawl erupted, forcing many arrests. Travis Guenther—whose wife was also pepper-sprayed at the rally—chased down the masked man who assaulted his wife. When he caught up to him, he hit him with a flag that read: “Trump, Make America Great Again.” “We’re not xenophobic. We’re not racist. We’re just proud Americans,” Guenther told the Los Angeles Times of the incident.Steele Vaz, 17, was shocked when he saw a masked man pepper-spray and punch Jennifer Sterling, who organized the event. “They sprayed her. They were punching her,” Vaz told local reporters. “I was here to support [Trump] but I didn’t know it was going to be violent.” The Huntington Beach rally was just one of 40 pro-Trump events that were scheduled throughout the country on Saturday. Though not all of them ended in violence, many were disrupted by masked protesters who assaulted Trump supporters.  Fans of our president are not scared away, however. “That is even more reason to go,” one woman commented. NEWS / by American News -  6 hours agoFox News host Tucker Carlson couldn’t understand claims that a professor wanted “to vomit” after witnessing a first-class airline passenger giving up his seat for an American soldier. Drexel University…NEWS / by American News -  8 hours agoSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer showed just how unhinged he really is when he crossed paths with a well-established Democrat at an East Side restaurant and attacked his wife for…NEWS / by American News -  9 hours agoThis week, an illegal immigrant student from Arizona State University sparked a heated debate on social media after posting her tax forms on Facebook. Determined to show that she paid…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoFor months, celebrities have been attacking Donald Trump. From using awards ceremonies to bash the President to refusing to perform at his inauguration, the disrespect we’ve seen for the Commander-in-Chief…NEWS / by American News -  12 hours agoHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been a bit of a loose cannon lately and a major liability to the Democratic party. She is the perfect example of why Americans…








Investigative reporter Peter Shcweizer has obtained proof that Clinton campaign chair John Podesta illegally received over one billion rubles ($45 million dollars) from Russia. Schweizer claims Podesta has “a very interesting relationship with Russia, going back to when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.”“In 2011, he joins the executive board of this small energy company in Massachusetts called Joule Energy,” Schweizer told SiriusXM.“And Joule Energy, about two months after he joins the executive board, gets a large infusion of cash. They get one billion rubles, which is about $35 to $45 million, invested from Russia. It comes from a very unusual entity, this entity called RUSNANO.”Thegatewaypundit.com reports:Investigative reporter and author Peter Schweizer went on FOX and Friends to discuss Kremlin influence on US politics — and how the Clinton camp was in bed with the Putin regime.Peter Schweizer: In 2011 John Podesta joined the board of this very small energy company called Joule Energy based out of Massachusetts. About two months after he joins the board a Russian entity called RUSNANO puts a billion rubles, which is about $35 million, into John Podesta’s company. Now, what is RUSNANO? RUSNANO is not a private company, Steve. It is a fund directly funded by the Kremlin. In fact the Russian finance minister called RUSNANO “Putin’s Child.” So you have the Russian government investing in one of John Podesta’s business in 2011 while he is an adviser to Hillary Clinton at the State Department.Steve Doocy: OK. Does anybody in the Trump circle rise to the level that there is this kind of money involved?Peter Schweizer: No.And, once again, the frenzy on the left is all a disguise to hide their own rampant corruption.Russia gave John Podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. pic.twitter.com/cf042XZLeU— Based Vet 🇺🇸 (@BasedVet) March 28, 2017A fascinating account from Collective Evolution (link):  Since it was discovered, a group of scientists have been working hard to figure out more secrets about one of the three mysterious holes that were spotted in Siberia […]Six long range Russian bombers delivered massive airstrikes against a major ISIS camp and ammunition depots in Syria. Russia’s Defense Ministry said that the Tupolev Tu-22M3 strategic bombers flew from Russia and returned home after the […]Barack Obama sold his soul to the New World Order and used the United States as the globalist’s military arm to create instability around the world, while disrespecting traditional Western and Christian values at home, according […]








Russia has accused NATO of manufacturing the opioid crisis in Afghanistan, claiming that the United States  directly benefits from the opium trade. According to Russian diplomat, Sergey Lavrov, NATO is working with drug producers and traffickers to flood the world with opium, saying that there is clear evidence that since the invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, the opium trade has skyrocketed.Activistpost.com reports:Remarking on how the mission to rid Afghanistan of terrorists quickly became distorted after the invasion, ultimately creating a never-ending supply of drugs to the West.During their operation in Afghanistan, the terrorist threat has not been rooted out, while the drug threat has increased many times over. The drug industry prospered. There is factual evidence that some of the NATO contingents in Afghanistan turned a blind eye to the illegal drug trafficking, even if they were not directly involved in these criminal schemes. ~Sergey Lavrov, Russian Foreign MinisterSo, what exactly is the evidence? In a 2014 report, the UN notes that poppy production had reached an all-time global high, with shocking increases in heroin users worldwide.The amount of land used for cultivating opium poppies around the world is at an all-time high, says a UN report. Afghanistan is largely behind the increase, with its crop growing by 36 percent over a year, producing 80 percent of the world’s opium.A World Drug Report released by the UN’s Vienna-based Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) has charted the global use of drugs. Although it says that global drug use is “stable,” it notes that the cultivation of opium has grown drastically. [Source]As noted by TDC:When the Untied Nations produces a report that reads like a corporate stock prospectus you know something is fishy. The UN report was very detailed about the number of new addicts, the flow of drugs out of Afghanistan and the final destination. [Source]In short, if a NATO country is overseeing the security and military occupation of Afghanistan, and suddenly poppy production explodes, then at the very least NATO is permissive of the cultivation and exportation of the world’s deadliest and most addictive street drug.Furthermore, as noted by Lavrov, there is a strategy of managed chaos in play at present in the Middle East and northern Africa, disrupting and ruining the lives of millions of people, for the benefit of America and those in positions to temporarily profit from unfettered access to the natural resources of targeted nations.The concept of managed chaos appeared long ago as a method of strengthening US influence. Its basic premise is that managed chaos projects should be launched away from the United States in regions that are crucial for global economic and financial development. ~Sergey LavrovLavrov’s comments on the opium crisis and managed chaos are included in the following video.Libya is one place that the sponsors of ISIS believe Russia can’t get them… Of all the possible explanations for the Islamic State’s “move” to Libya, the only one that makes any real sense is […]‘Some 400 people have joined a protest camp in Newport to protest against NATO. The march comes ahead of next week’s military summit that will see 60 world leaders descend on the area and is […]John Kerry, the US Secretary of State  is planning his trip to the Black Sea resort of Sochi on Tuesday where he will meet Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. The three […]








A major New York firm is set to become the first in America to lay off a large percentage of its staff, replacing them with Artificial Intelligence (A.I.)The World’s largest money management firm, BlackRock, explained that the drastic overhaul of its workforce is being done so that it can focus on using an algorithmic solution to improve its services and increase revenue.As a result, 13% of people working within management will be fired.Futurism.com reports:The decision to transition comes after news of a massive overhaul that involved a reorganization within BlackRock. The purpose of the reorganization was to place a greater emphasis on computer algorithms that can inform investments. Quite simply, investors are now questioning whether having a human manage their money is worth the fees they require, especially since successful money management is essentially anchored on recognizing and following certain market indicators — the sort of things artificial intelligences (AI) can be programmed to do.In light of that, BlackRock plans to merge traditional investing methods with technology and data science. This strategy marks the biggest shift in traditional stock picking by a major asset manager to date. It will impact $30 billion worth of assets, and roughly 13 percent of BlackRock’s portfolio managers will be laid off as part of the transition.WHITE-COLLAR CONCERNSTalk of how much automation will disrupt the traditional workforce has mostly centered on blue-collar industries, but this move from BlackRock demonstrates that the very real implications of technology on the job market aren’t limited to professions defined by easily replicated manual labor.Jobs in stock picking and money management are some of the most lucrative, and yet, given BlackRock’s decision to turn to machines and algorithms to refine their services, even those knowledge-based professions are vulnerable to automation.“We are starting to see in fields like medicine, law, investment banking, dramatic increases in the ability of computers to think as well or better than humans. And that’s really the game-changer here. Because that’s something that we have never seen before,” public policy expert Sunil Johal told CBC News in reference to robots taking over white-collar professions. Millions of workers worldwide are expected to be displaced by automation, and even the best algorithm can’t predict right now what the impact of that will be.A robot at a Michigan car factory killed a human employee after it “went rogue” and “crushed her skull“, according to a new lawsuit filed by the employee’s husband. “The robot from section 130 should have never […]Crime Fighting Robots? Crime fighting robots have gone to work in California, according to the local CBS affiliate there (source):  A new kind of security guard is on patrol in Silicon Valley: crime-fighting robots that […]An Australian startup tech company have announced plans to work on a way of transferring a person’s consciousness into a robots body so that people can continue to live after their bodies have died.  Tech […]








A Roman Catholic diocese in Montana has filed for bankruptcy following a ruling that found that church was responsible for over 400 incidents of child abuse.According to church officials, the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings is filing for bankruptcy in order to deal with the large settlements owed to at least 73 child sex abuse victims.Flatheadbeacon.com reports:“On behalf of the entire Diocese of Great Falls-Billings, I express my profound sorrow and sincere apologies to anyone who was abused by a priest, a sister or a lay church worker,” Bishop Michael Warfel said in a statement. “No child should experience harm from anyone who serves the church.”None of those who have been credibly accused are active in parish ministry and nearly all are deceased, Warfel said.Attorney Timothy Kosnoff, who represents some of the plaintiffs, said it marked the 15th diocesan bankruptcy in the U.S. involving sex abuse claims.“Bankruptcy represents the only realistic mechanism for working through the myriad of issues involved in case of this nature,” he said. “Despite this sensible step forward, speedy resolution is unlikely and the future of the diocese remains clouded.”The Diocese of Helena filed for bankruptcy in early 2014 to settle about 360 claims of abuse and sexual abuse by priests, nuns and lay workers who served in the diocese.That settlement, also negotiated before the bankruptcy filing, created a $21 million fund for victims named in the lawsuit and any others that might come forwardTwo sexual abuse lawsuits were filed against the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings — one in February 2012 and another the following June.One lawsuit was initiated by a woman in her 60s who said she was molested and raped by the Rev. Emmett Hoffman while she was a student at the St. Labre Parish and School between 1955 and 1962.Hoffman died in 2013.The diocese has had abuse prevention programs in place for more than two decades, church officials said. The programs include screening and training for employees, volunteers, priests and seminarians and an independent board to review claims.The recent smear attack on senior editor for Breitbart News, Milo Yiannopoulos, was orchestrated and paid for by a group of #NeverTrumpers.  According to leaked emails, the mainstream media planned to “take down Milo” using fake […]Vladimir Putin has issued an immediate ban on U.S. adults adopting Russian children over fears for the safety of the children due to the pedophilia epidemic plaguing the United States. The law, which was passed emphatically […]Several thousand snow geese were burned and poisoned to death when they landed in a Montana lake filled with sulphuric acid and toxic heavy metals. The migrating snow geese met their untimely deaths after a […]








Scientists in Norway have confirmed a link between narcolepsy and the flu vaccine, according to a study conducted at the Norwegian Institute of Public Health. The study found that there was an increased risk of narcolepsy among children and young adults who received flu shots during the H1N1 pandemic in 2009.Sciencenordic.com reports:Narcolepsy is a neurological disorder which upsets sleep-wake cycles and is often characterised by daytime sleepiness and sudden lapses into sleep.A total of 72 persons aged five to 26 were diagnosed with narcolepsy among Norway’s then population of five million between 2009 and the end of 2012. Their average age when symptoms showed up was 12.Among these 72, 56 were vaccinated and 16 were not. This means of course that unvaccinated persons also ran a certain risk of narcolepsy.The Institute and other public health officials in Norway recommended vaccinations to much of the population in the autumn of 2009.Five times the riskIn a three-year follow-up study it was found that those who had been vaccinated ran five times the risk of developing narcolepsy as opposed to those who didn’t take the flu shots. The study was carried out by the physician and researcher Lill Trogstad and colleagues at the institute.Norwegian Institute of Public Health Director Camilla Stoltenberg commented on the swine flu vaccination issue this week. She said in a comparable situation today the institute would be more forthright about uncertainties and medical disagreements regarding the vaccine than its spokespersons were in 2009 and 2010.Early warnings from neighboursNarcolepsy is highly debilitating for those who have it, but fortunately it is a rare disorder.“Soon after the pandemic started we received signals from Sweden and Finland that several children had been stricken with narcolepsy and a link was suspected to the Pandemrix vaccine,” says Lill Trogstad.This is why researchers started registering cases of the disorder among children and adults up to the age of 30 in Norway.“Our findings of a higher risk corresponded with those in other countries,” she says.Eight months until symptoms occurredOn average it took eight months from the time of taking the vaccination or getting the swine flu until the symptoms of narcolepsy cropped up.Annually, a total of 1.4 new cases per 100,000 capita were diagnosed with narcolepsy in Norway. In other words, if watch was kept on 100,000 persons for one year, just one or two new persons would be seen to be afflicted.The researchers calculate that on average, from one-half to one person per 100,000 are stricken with narcolepsy per year. That would be about half the rate seen in the three-year period after the epidemic.“But we have poor national statistics on occurrences prior to when swine flu struck,” says Trogstad.Following those under 30The Norwegian study covered a total of 1.6 million children, adolescents and young adults under the age of 30. Nearly 700,000 persons in this age group, or 42 percent, took the vaccine.A little less than 60,000 persons in Norway, or 3.6 percent, were registered with the H1N1 influenza virus by doctors during the pandemic. The researchers figure that far more were stricken with this swine flu, as most who got sick didn’t contact their doctors.Other Norwegian studies have calculated that about 30 percent of the population was afflicted.Can influenza trigger narcolepsy?There was a small but statistically significant connection between the swine flu and the risk of narcolepsy in the first six months after being infected.Data has shown that most children and young people were vaccinated after the swine flu epidemic had already peaked.“This means that many who were vaccinated had the flu when they took their shots. It cannot be ruled out that having the virus when being vaccinated elevated the risk of narcolepsy. But we can’t conclude this with any certainty on the basis of our data,” stresses Trogstad.More narcolepsy also without flu shotsA higher incidence of narcolepsy following the influenza epidemic was also noted in countries where few of the population were vaccinated, including China and Denmark.A vaccination with the drug used, Pandemrix, reduced the risk of influenza by about 70 percent.This was the fifth register study following up the swine flu pandemic of 2009-2010 published by the Norwegian Institute of Public Health.Other findings include:The Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg has warned that Sweden is about to collapse due to the overwhelming influx of refugees in the country.  Solberg is so concerned with its imminent collapse that she has […]The mingled wreckage of a Bombardier CRJ 200 plane has been found after it disappeared from radar between Norway and Sweden. The converted freighter was on a mail transport flight when it sent out a […]Norway has become the first country in the world to commit to zero deforestation. Last month the Norwegian parliament pledged that the government’s public procurement policy would become deforestation-free after a committee of MPs recommended imposing regulations to […]








Newly leaked CDC emails reveal that the Obama administration in collusion with Hillary Clinton’s State Department covered up a massive cholera outbreak in Haiti that killed over 10,000 people. In October 2010, UN peacekeepers from Nepal infected Haiti’s Artibonite River with cholera, causing a national crisis in the country, as over 800,000 became infected and a further 10,000 people died as a result.Observer.com reports:Slate’s Jonathan Katz reports, “Nepal hadn’t invaded Haiti on its own: Its troops were part of a multinational force created by the Security Council, specifically at the behest of the George W. Bush administration in 2004. For the 13 years since, it has remained in Haiti largely to carry out U.S. policy—at a discount.”President Donald Trump’s ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, ducked questions about the outbreak in her confirmation hearing, as did Obama’s UN ambassadors during his presidency. The United Nations formally apologized and proposed a plan to curb the outbreak. However, its members—including the United States—refuse to provide the necessary funding for the plan.New emails obtained from the Center for Disease Control reveal that they suspected the origin of the outbreak was UN Peacekeepers before news of the outbreak was even reported in the press. In the emails, officials exercise damage control to prevent backlash in Haiti toward the UN presence, citing concerns from the National Security Council, which was chaired by Obama at the time. The National Security Council spokesperson refused to respond to Katz’s request for comment and the State Department refused to disclose when or how they became aware of the outbreak’s origin. It would take six years for the United Nations to finally admit they were responsible.The cholera outbreak occurred less than a year after Haiti was devastated by a massive earthquake that killed over 100,000 people. The United States was already deeply involved in Haiti and funding an important election in the country, which the United States has been criticized for repeatedly. In 2011, Hillary Clinton flew to Haiti as secretary of state and insisted that the current president of Haiti step down in favor of the U.S. backed candidate, Michel Martelly. Bill Clinton was selected to serve as Haiti’s special envoy for the United Nations, and his chief of staff was initially selected to serve as Martelly’s prime minister.Katz cited that officials at the Center for Disease Control intentionally cast doubt as to the origin of the outbreak and refused to conduct any investigation to confirm its source. Meanwhile, UN soldiers destroyed evidence before other scientists could investigate it. The State Department, under the control of Hillary Clinton, told Katz, “U.S. government has not taken a position on the validity of the underlying claims in this particular case.”In 2011, victims and families petitioning the United Nations to fight the epidemic were ignored. Federal judges in the United States threw out a lawsuit against the United Nations over the organization’s absolute immunity from legal process, as stipulated by a 1947 treaty. The United Nation’s inaction was cited by a New York University professor who Katz interviewed as legal advice coming from the State Department.The United States’ poor response to this epidemic—not to mention the controversies surrounding the Clinton Foundation—have earned the Clintons a poor reputation among Haitians, including the population of roughly 200,000 Haitian born immigrants in the South Florida area who predominantly support Democrats. Though many misleading claims have circulated about the Clintons‘ involvement in Haiti, the foreign policy that Hillary Clinton championed during her tenure as secretary of state, in which she viewed reconstruction as a business opportunity, contributed to Haiti’s problems. Millions of dollars in relief funds went to international non-government organizations and international contractors instead of Haitian citizens, Haitian contractors and Haitian government. The relief effort exploited the disaster by divvying up funds among corporations. In October 2016, ABC News reported that an Old Navy factory that the Clintons brought to Haiti fell short of its promise of jobs, became riddled with labor abuse, and the firm that helped fund the project “became a Clinton Foundation donor and its owner invested in a startup company owned by Hillary Clinton’s former chief of staff.” A separate investigation by ABC News found that top Clinton Foundation officials prioritized offers of relief assistance based on who was friends of Bill Clinton’s.“Hillary Clinton once hoped that Haiti would be the shining jewel of her foreign policy,” wrote Jonathan Katz for Politico in 2015. “But far from transforming this poorest of countries, many of the Clintons’ grandest plans and promises remain little more than small pilot projects—a new set of basketball hoops and a model elementary school here, a functioning factory there—that have done little to alter radically the trajectory of the country. Visiting some of their projects over the course of an April research trip affirmed as much about their tenuousness as about the limited benefits they’ve provided. Many of the most notable investments the Clintons helped launch, such as the new Marriott in the capital, have primarily benefited wealthy foreigners and island’s ruling elite, who needed little help to begin with.”A bombshell study released by Stanford University confirms evidence of election fraud during the 2016 Democratic Party primaries.  According to a paper released this week entitled, “Are we witnessing a dishonest election?,” a state comparison […]The FBI have formally confirmed that they are investigating Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server at her home while she was Secretary of State.  In a letter dated February 2, 2016, the FBI’s […]Hillary Clinton’s 3.6 million Twitter followers may not be as impressive as it seems, as it emerged that around 2 million of them may be fakes that her team paid for. Online measuring tools suggest […]








Astronomers have been left baffled by a mysterious flash of X-rays captured by Nasa’s Chandra X-ray Observatory in deep space. The source of the flash is in a region of the sky known as the Chandra Deep Field-South (CDF-S), which scientists say erupted just in October 2014, becoming 1,000 times brighter within a matter of hours.Stuff.co.nz reports:After about a day, the source had faded to the point that it couldn’t be detected by Chandra.“Ever since discovering this source, we’ve been struggling to understand its origin,” said Franz Bauer of the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile in Santiago, Chile.“It’s like we have a jigsaw puzzle but we don’t have all of the pieces.”Two of the three main possibilities to explain the X-ray source invoke gamma-ray burst (GRB) events. GRBs are jetted explosions triggered either by the collapse of a massive star or by the merger of a neutron star with another neutron star or a black hole.If the jet is pointing towards the Earth, a burst of gamma rays is detected. As the jet expands, it loses energy and produces weaker, more isotropic radiation at X-ray and other wavelengths.Possible explanations for the CDF-S X-ray source, according to the researchers, are a GRB that is not pointed toward Earth, or a GRB that lies beyond the small galaxy.A third possibility is that a medium-sized black hole shredded a white dwarf star.“None of these ideas fits the data perfectly,” said Ezequiel Treister, also of the Pontifical Catholic University, “but then again, we’ve rarely if ever seen any of the proposed possibilities in actual data, so we don’t understand them well at all.”No similar events have been found by Chandra in other parts of the sky.A man who spent most of the last thirty years full of guilt for not stopping the ill-fated explosion that brought the NASA Challenger space shuttle to a fiery end has died. Bob Ebeling, however, […]NASA has released a time-lapse video showing a year in the life of the planet as seen from Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR) satellite which is orbiting earth from a million miles away. Using its Earth Polychromatic Imaging […]NASA’s Mercury-orbiting spacecraft, Messenger, is about to go out with a bang today. Messenger, the first spacecraft to circle Mercury, is expected to slip out of orbit and crash into Mercury as it ends its […]








Adorable grandpa, Bernie Sanders, defends voters who supported Donald Trump for President, telling a rally in Boston: “Some people think the people who voted for Trump are racists and sexists and homophobes and deplorable folks. I don’t agree, because I’ve been there.”The U.S. Senator from Vermont spoke at an event on Friday evening staged by Our Revolution, a group set up after his insurgent, strongly impactful challenge to the establishment’s pick, Hillary Clinton, in the Democratic primary. Our Revolution aims, in Bernie’s words in Boston, to create “a Democratic Party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country”.Bernie Sanders’ remarks about Trump voters contained a direct shot at Clinton, who shared her true feelings about America’s white working class at a New York City fundraiser last September by stating “to be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump’s supporters in a basket of deplorables.“The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it. And unfortunately, there are people like that.”Clinton’s words became a central feature of the election, the “deplorables” label seized on by the Trump campaign and adopted as a badge of pride among the businessman’s supporters.In 2020, Democrats will attempt to win working-class voters in states such as Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, where Trump wins helped secure the presidency in the electoral college despite Clinton winning nearly 3m more ballots nationwide.Bernie Sanders, 75, appeared in Boston with Senator Elizabeth Warren from Massachusetts. Warren is seen by progressives as a possible Democratic Presidential candidate.“Let me tell you something else some of you might not agree with,” Bernie said. “It wasn’t that Donald Trump won the election, it was that the Democratic party lost the election.”With another jab at Clinton, he added: “We need a Democratic party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country, we need a party that is a grassroots party, where candidates are talking to working people not spending their time raising money for the wealthy and the powerful.“And when we do that, when we transform the Democratic party, we transform America.”The Guardian reports:Tensions between establishment and grassroots elements in the Democratic party – fueled by a primary fight that turned increasingly bitter – have persisted since the election.On Friday, Warren told the Our Revoultion event about her first meeting with Sanders.“So some of you know, I was a teacher, researcher, and was doing work about what was happening to America’s middle class,” she said. “This was several years back.“I got an invitation to come to dinner in Washington DC and I was told it would be with a lot of policy people so I did exactly what you expected me to do – I showed up with a bunch of charts and started talking about what was happening to hard-working families all across this country.”“One guy with bright white hair … got into it,” she said. “It was like nobody else was in the room. And that was sort of the start of it with Bernie Sanders.”In his speech, Sanders said: “You can tell the quality of a person by the enemies she makes, and to her credit Elizabeth Warren has made some wonderful enemies.”Sanders said such enemies included Wall Street and the pharmaceutical and fossil fuel industries. Trump is also no fan of Warren, whom he has repeatedly attacked on Twitter.Newly released emails from Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton reveal that the former Secretary of State met regularly with criminal Henry Kissinger.  The pair met regularly and had an unusually close relationship, the emails reveal. Kissinger applauded […]Congress has vowed to prosecute former Clinton aide Bryan Pagliano for refusing to answer questions about Hillary’s illegal use of a private email server. Pagliano, a former State Department employee, had helped Hillary set up […]Donald Trump all but secured the Republican presidential nomination on Tuesday with a decisive win in Indiana. The businessman from New York is now recognized as the party’s nominee for President of the United States […]








Despite an international ban on commercial whale hunting and appeals from animal rights groups, a Japanese fleet has returned to port with the carcasses of 333 whales.The minke whales were harpooned in the Antarctic Ocean.Although research whaling is permitted, rights groups say the yearly practice is nothing more than a commercial whaling venture and that the meat is later sold in supermarkets.Japan has a long history of hunting whales and using them as a source of protein and a cheaper alternative to other meats.RT reports:The 8,145-ton Nisshin Maru – the only whaling factory ship in the world – and two catcher vessels arrived at the whaling community port of Shimonoseki, southwest Japan, on Friday. The ships were the last of a five-vessel fleet.The country’s Fisheries Agency confirmed the fleet had carried out its four-month mission to conduct “research for the purpose of studying the ecological system in the Antarctic Ocean,” reaching its stated goal of killing 333 whales.“It was great that we have achieved our plan. We will steadily continue our research toward a resumption of commercial whaling,” Shigeto Hase, a Fisheries Agency official, said at a homecoming ceremony attended by some 200 people.Tokyo’s claim that the annual expedition is undertaken for research purposes allows it to circumvent the International Whaling Commission’s 1986 ban on commercial hunting, to which Japan is a signatory. Research whaling is allowed as an exception.However, rights groups say the yearly practice is nothing more than a commercial whaling venture, noting that the meat is later sold in supermarkets.The executive vice president of Humane Society International, Kitty Block, called the expedition an “obscene cruelty in the name of science that must end” in a statement.She went on to state that there is “no robust scientific case for slaughtering whales,” adding that “commercial whaling in this or any other guise does not meet any pressing human needs and should be relegated to the annals of history.”The US Congress is preparing a resolution calling for an end to Japanese whaling, which will state that there is no humane way to kill whales and that existing methods – most notably a harpoon that explodes inside the mammal – cause tremendous suffering.The European Union has also spoken out against the practice, with all member states signing a formal statement of concern in January.The International Court of Justice also expressed disapproval for the practice in 2014, ruling that the program should end because it wasn’t as scientific as Tokyo claimed.Although Japan suspended its 2014 hunt to revise its strategy, it resumed it for the 2015-2016 season. Upon renewal of the program, Tokyo had reduced the number of whales and species targeted.Japan has said it aims to kill nearly 4,000 whales over the next 12 years as part of its research program and has previously stated that its ultimate goal is the resumption of commercial whaling, according to Reuters.A large 6.4 magnitude earthquake struck Japan, killing at least two people, destroying buildings and causing power outages. According to officials there could be more people trapped under buildings that collapsed BBC News reports: About […]Scientists in Japan have discovered a new species of bacteria that can digest and breakdown the common plastic known as PET or polyethylene terephthalate. PET is considered to be a major environmental hazard because it […]The struggle to find an empty toilet cubicle in Japan is very real where time and space are at a premium. A Japanese telecommunications firm is launching a Toilet Finder App in March that will […]








Hollywood filmmaker Michael Moore issued an alarming warning to fans Tuesday, claiming that humans now face extinction because of Donald Trump. The liberal extremist posted the dire warning on his social media accounts on Tuesday, claiming that March 28, 2017 would be remembered as the day that Trump began the process of wiping out humans from the face of the Earth.In an insane post to his Facebook page, the ageing Clinton supporter accused Trump of declaring a “war on the planet” following Trump’s signing of an executive order Tuesday rolling back several Obama regulations.“Historians in the near future (because that may be the only future we have) will mark today, March 28, 2017, as the day the extinction of human life on earth began,” Moore ranted to his followers.“This is a defining moment in the history of mankind. By signing these executive orders today, Trump is declaring an act of war on the planet and its inhabitants,” he said. “The one silver lining here is that Trump can’t kill the planet; the planet wants to live and has a long history of wiping out any real or perceived threats.”Zerohedge.com reports:Trump has signed orders killing all of Obama's climate change regulations. The EPA is prohibited henceforth from focusing on climate change.— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) March 28, 2017But he was not done… as he sees the most dire outcome from this terrifying regulatory roll-back…Historians in the near future will mark today, March 28, 2017, as the day the extinction of human life on earth began, thanks 2 Donald Trump— Michael Moore (@MMFlint) March 28, 2017So to be clear, global humanity is destined for extinction because America decides to unwind some burdensome regulations? Perhaps we should be more worried…Judging his remarks literally, it seems the liberal fanatic believes that historians will survive the coming human extinction (in order to mark the event).Of course, what Mr. Moore perhaps is missing that if indeed President Trump’s cunning plan is human extinction, then this is a truly progressive agenda since the end of humanity would surely be great for the environment.US President Donald Trump has hinted that he will bring back the Gold Standard and introduce it as the world’s global currency.  During a speech at CPAC, Trump made an intriguing observation: “Global cooperation, dealing with other […]The disgraced former chairwoman of the DNC, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, reportedly attacked FBI director James Comey during a closed-door meeting on Friday.  Wasserman Schultz, who was forced to resign amid allegations of election rigging, confronted […]Presidential candidate Donald Trump said that if Saddam Hussein and Muammar Gaddafi were still in power, the world would have been a better place, because what came instead is much worse. Both Middle East strongmen […]








Former leader of NAACP, Rachel Dolezal, has told the BBC that she is now officially ‘transracial’ – meaning that she has transitioned from white to African American.In a bizarre interview with the BBCs Newsnight show Dolezal, 39, claims that “the idea of race is a lie,” and says that ethnicity is not biological.The notion that race could be a social construct, flies in the face of everything biologists have learned about humans in the last few hundred years.Dailymail.co.uk reports:Following the interview, Twitter users criticized Dolezal’s comments, accusing her of using ‘white privilege’ to make her arguments.Dolezal, from Spokane, Washington, said in the interview: ‘Gender is understood – we’ve progressed, we’ve evolved to understanding that gender is not binary.’   She added: ‘It’s not even biological. But what strikes me as so odd is that race isn’t biological either.‘And actually race has been to some extent less biological than gender, if you really think about history and our bodies.‘There isn’t, like, white blood and black blood.’Critics online said that Dolezal was using cultural appropriation to become a black woman, and that Dolezal wanted to ‘steal things from other cultures to be trendy’.One person said that people can’t ‘become black’ because ‘at any moment what “makes” blackness can be erased’.Some argued that the idea of being ‘transracial’ was ‘only available to white people’.This isn’t the first time Dolezal compared acting as a black woman to being transgender.In 2015, she likened her situation to that of Caitlyn Jenner, who announced she was transitioning from male to female in April of that year.   Dolezal told the Guardian that comparisons could be drawn with the 66-year-old former Olympian – arguing that people should not be defined by who or what they were at birth.Dolezal said: ‘Caitlyn Jenner has not been seen as a woman, and treated as a woman by other people, for her entire life. So what does that mean? What if somebody transitions as a teenager and their entire adult life we know them as a woman.‘I hope we can reach some kind of term for the plurality of people and allow everybody to be exactly who they are on the spectrum of all these things. Religion, gender, race.’Dolezal also suggested people were ‘operating on an autopilot that race is coded in your DNA’.‘What I believe about race is that race is not real. It’s not a biological reality. It’s a hierarchical system that was created to leverage power and privilege between different groups of people.’Four police officers were killed on Thursday night as Black Lives Matter protestors opened fire on police in protest against the recent shootings of black men in Louisiana and Minnesota.  Two snipers shot at ten […]Universities across California are implementing a controversial segregation policy, separating black students from everybody else, in an attempt to be “politically correct”.  California State University Los Angeles has become the latest institution to offer segregated […]Police in riot gear used tear gas, smoke bombs and pepper spray to disperse hundreds of Black Lives Matter protesters from Interstate 94 in Saint Paul, Minnesota on Saturday night. 102 protesters were taken into […]








Pro-Trump Comedian Roseanne Barr defended the President on Twitter Monday, claiming that attacks against him were actually “disguised” attacks on American voters. Barr issued the scathing attack against the liberal elites, following James Comey’s treasonous testimony in front of Congress the same day.“Every single attack on @POTUS is really a disguised attack on American voters who rejected Obama-Clinton-Bush’s bleeding of R treasury,” the 64-year-old Roseanne star tweeted.Every single attack on @POTUS is really a disguised attack on American voters who rejected Obama-Clinton-Bush's bleeding of R treasury.— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) March 20, 2017Breitbart.com reports:In June, the comedian told the Hollywood Reporter that the country would be “lucky” if Trump won, “because then it wouldn’t be Hillary.”“I like Trump because he financed his own [campaign],” Barr said then. “That’s the only way he could’ve gotten that nomination. Because nobody wants a president who isn’t from Yale and Harvard and in the club. ‘Cause it’s all about distribution. When you’re in the club, you’ve got people that you sell to. That’s how money changes hands, that’s how business works. If you’ve got friends there, they scratch your back and blah, blah.”Last week, Barr spoke out after Palestinian activist and Women’s March organizer Linda Sarsour said it is impossible to be both a pro-Israel Zionist and a feminist.“Is it even possible to be a pro-Palestinian feminist?” Barr fired back on Twitter.Is it even possible to be a pro-Palestinian feminist? https://t.co/FRZM6T7a4r— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) March 15, 2017Barr also announced last week that the cast of her hit 1990s television show was “up for a reunion show.” Roseanne ran for nine seasons between 1988 and 1997 and won three Golden Globe awards.roseanne show cast is up for a reunion show— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) March 16, 2017Donald Trump has announced plans to a withdraw the U.S. from the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) on his first day in office, by signing an executive order.  The President-Elect published a video on Monday saying that […]Former president Barack Obama has been accused of aiding ISIS militants, according to a senior military figure who says that terrorists were tipped off about a top-secret raid in Yemen. Navy SEAL William Ryan Owen […]European Union leaders have promised to take over the role of being the world’s Superpower after America collapses following Donald Trump’s presidency.  According to Maltese prime minister Joseph Muscat, Trump’s isolationist policies will give Europe the […]








Russian President Vladimir Putin said Thursday that man-made climate change is a hoax, perpetuated by Western governments and corporations to make a profit.According to Putin, icebergs in the Arctic have been melting for decades, which he says proves the global warming is a natural phenomena.“The warming, it had already started by the 1930s,” Putin said at an Arctic forum held in the northern Russian city of Arkhangelsk.“That’s when there were no such anthropological factors, such emissions, and the warming had already started.”Japantimes.co.jp reports:The Kremlin strongman added: “The issue is not stopping it … because that’s impossible, since it could be tied to some global cycles on Earth or even of planetary significance. The issue is to somehow adapt to it.”Putin supported his argument by saying that an Austrian explorer who had a “photographic memory” visited the Franz Josef Land archipelago “in the 1930s.”Twenty years later the explorer was shown photographs from another expedition there “by the future king of Italy” and concluded that “there were fewer icebergs there,” Putin said.It wasn’t immediately clear which explorers Putin was referring to and Italy did not have a king in the 1950s.Austrian explorer Julius von Payer discovered and mapped the archipelago during a 1872-1874 expedition.The only Italian expedition to the area was organized in 1899 by Prince Luigi Amedeo, who was also an explorer.The archipelago was declared Soviet territory by the 1930s.Putin had previously hailed global warming for exposing natural resources and transport routes that had long been too expensive to exploit.He had also once speculated that warming by “two or three degrees” could be a good thing for Russians who would no longer need fur coats.On Thursday, while his Finnish counterpart Sauli Niinisto called climate change a “serious threat” for the Arctic, Putin said that it brings “more propitious conditions for using this region for economic ends.”The Russian leader also wished luck to anti-climate litigator Scott Pruitt, who was confirmed last month as the new chief of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to the horror of the scientific community.Asked by moderator Geoff Cutmore of the CNBC what he thinks of the appointment of Pruitt, a climate skeptic who wants to roll back Washington’s participation in the Paris climate accord, Putin said Pruitt’s views deserve to be heard.“Positions and suggestions of those who don’t agree with their opponents are not so stupid,” Putin said. “God grant him health and success, everybody should listen to one another and only then you can find an optimal solution to the problem.”Russia is warming at twice the rate of the rest of the world, according to government data, and both scientists and emergencies officials have indicated that disasters such as deadly floods and wildfires are influenced by climate change.The Russian Foreign Ministry have said that relations with the UK have “darkened” following what they say are false claims that Vladimir Putin ordered the murder of former KGB spy Alexander Litvinenko in London.  Foreign […]Russia have demanded that the US Treasury Department backup their claims that President Putin is “corrupt” by providing evidence.  Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov has accused the US government of making up the accusations saying that “none […]SMART technology is a tool being used by the New World Order to spy on you and we should be ‘very, very careful’ about how much SMART technology we allow into our lives, according to […]








The sinister truth about David Rockefeller has been purposefully hidden from the public by the mainstream media, following his death in March 2017.The American billionaire made it clear that he wanted his business dealings kept from public view, which explains why the media gushed about what a great “philanthropist” and “influential banker” he was following his death, aged 101.The truth is that David Rockefeller was able to dictate American and global policy behind the scenes without any accountability – always with disastrous results for the rest of humanity.Rockefeller was part of America’s unofficial royal family, who admitted in 2015 that he was the head of the New World Order – an unelected group of elites who dictate world events:“Some even believe [we] are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States, characterising my family and me as ‘internationalists’ conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure – one world, if you will. If that’s the charge, I stand guilty, and I’m proud of it.”Mintpressnews.com reports:Due to his birthright, Rockefeller served as an advisor to every president since Eisenhower, but when offered powerful positions such as Federal Reserve chairman and Secretary of the Treasury – he declined, preferring “a private role.”As evidenced by the numerous obituaries bemoaning the loss of the last of the Rockefeller’s grandsons, he was largely successful in hiding his most significant wrongdoings from public view, as evidenced by his characterization as a generous philanthropist and influential banker.But as is often the case, Rockefeller’s true legacy is much more mired in controversy than major publications seem willing to admit. In addition to having the ear of every U.S. president for the better part of the last 70 or so years, Rockefeller – once again operating “behind the scenes” – was instrumental in shaping the more cringe-worthy aspects of U.S. policy during that time, as well as being a major force in establishing banking policies that led to debt crises in the developing world.Rockefeller – as the head of Chase Manhattan Bank from 1969 to 1981 – worked with government and multinational corporations throughout the world to create a “global order” unequivocally dominated by the 1 percent, of which his family was a part. As the New York Times noted back in the 1970s, Rockefeller became embroiled in controversy when his constant trips overseas caused the bank to become less profitable, as he prioritized the bank’s influence on foreign politics over its actual business dealings.During his time as Chase CEO, Rockefeller helped laid the foundation for repressive, racist and fascist regimes around the world, as well as architecture for global inequality. In addition, Rockefeller helped to bring the debt crisis of the 1980s into existence, in part by direct action through Chase Bank and also indirectly through his former employee-turned-Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker. Two years before the debt crisis erupted, Rockefeller, Volcker and other top bankers met at the International Monetary Conference in 1980s to argue for the establishment of a “safety net” for major banks – like Chase – that were embroiled in bad loans given largely to countries in the developing world.After the crisis brought financial ruin to Latin America and other developing areas throughout the world, Rockefeller – along with other bankers – created austerity programs to “solve” the debt crisis during subsequent IMC meetings, provoking inequality that still persists to this day. However, thanks to the “safety net” conveniently established years prior, Chase avoided the economic consequences for its criminal actions.In addition, Rockefeller supported the bloody and ruthless dictatorships of the Shah of Iran and Augusto Pinochet of Chile while also supporting Israeli apartheid. Rockefeller then went on to found the influential Trilateral Commission while also serving as a major force on the Council on Foreign Relations that he, along with his close friend Henry Kissinger, would come to dominate.Both of these organizations have come under fire for using their powerful influence to bring about a “one-world government” ruled by a powerful, ultra-wealthy elite – an accusation to which David Rockefeller confirmed as true in his autobiography. Far from the generous philanthropist he is made to be, David Rockefeller deserves to be remembered for his true legacy – one of elitism, fascism and economic enslavement.A story that has been catching on like wildfire is that David Rockefeller has undergone his 6th heart transplant at age 99.  This “report” has caught on in the alternative media, with the report being […]American billionaire David Rockefeller is expected to die this year, according to a website which correctly predicted the deaths of 16 celebrities in 2016.  According to the owners of DeathList.net, Queen Elizabeth II, former US […]David Rockefeller is a part of American history and the only billionaire in the world who is over 100 years old. The richest oldest man on the planet turned 100 in June 2015.   He is part […]








The FBI has quietly released a series of new 9/11 photo’s that raises questions about what really happened on the day the World Trade Center towers were taken down.Amid a total media blackout, the new images appear to show the aftermath of a missile hitting the Pentagon, rather than an airplane as we’ve been led to believe.The mainstream media and official 9/11 Commission Report insist that American Airlines Flight 77 smashed into the Pentagon on the morning of September 11. However, these new images clearly bring that ‘fact’ into serious disrepute.9/11 Attacks and Investigation Images:  https://t.co/zwxAkLkdw0— FBI Records Vault (@FBIRecordsVault) March 30, 2017Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:Others could be seen as putting to rest a popular theory American Airlines Flight 77 never actually smashed into the Pentagon.The FBI Vault release is minute in size, to say the least — with a mere 27 images comprising the file — and does not include video, audio, nor anything other than photos.But, given the stony silence from the U.S. government toward families of victims of the attacks, even the meager disclosure is a welcome morsel of information with the potential to provide answers.Indeed, in the very first image, labeled plainly, “9-11 Pentagon Debris 1,” a single piece of wreckage sits isolated on a parcel of lawn — bearing the American Airlines logo and marked with letters and numbers.While this and pictures of evidence like it ostensively did come from the lawn of the Pentagon in the wake of the plane smashing into the building’s side, it would be prudent to note the lack of context — such as the burned and gaping hole — to distinguish it singularly.Mangled metal in the second image appears obviously to have come from a plane, but — like the entire release — no description accompanies to explain when, where, or how the wreckage was discovered by investigators.The third file again shows plane debris — this time, the horrendously twisted metal includes a painted red “C” with a white outline, as seen painted on the sides of American Airlines.Several images of the emergency response to the crash follow, evincing a cavernous hole in the Pentagon building, as fire and rescue crews descend on the burning rubble.Although the aforementioned collectively would seem to put to rest that no airplane ever crashed into the Pentagon on 9/11, multiple images of exterior and interior damage evince a smaller hole than would be intuitive — but the sagging floors, twisted girders, and general destruction do show how much of the building suffered on impact.While all of these images appear to at least generally align with the official account of what happened with Flight 77 that day, three images cannot be explained — because they seem to defy logic.Assumedly taken from an aircraft hovering overhead and from an angle behind the blasted hole, three images show the rounded chasm cleaved into the building’s outer ring — but the burned stone from fires resulting from the explosion doesn’t extend into the inner area on the inside of the Pentagon’s second concentric segment.However, without any evidence the crash affected the second ring, and observing what would have been the path the downed craft took through the building upon impact, a section of burned building stretching from the ground all the way to the roof oddly and implausibly appears — on the inside of the Pentagon’s third and middle ring.Indeed, it’s entirely unclear how this strange pattern of damage in conjunction with lack of it could have occurred at all.This isn’t meant to denounce the official story nor those proffered by Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth — nor anyone else who has thoroughly examined the evidence and has a plausible theoryIt should be noted the FBI released a number of revealing images previously — nearly five years ago, in late 2012 — evincing wreckage of Flight 77 found inside the Pentagon.But these pictures, and the oddity of the release’s size and quiet announcement, should provoke thought and discussion of the events of that day — particularly considering the attacks of 9/11 ushered in the insidious War on Terror and Surveillance State.The FBI has announced that claims suggesting Donald Trump was in contact with Russian officials before the election are “complete bullshit.” Following reports that White House Chief-of-staff Reince Priebus asked the FBI to dispute allegations of […]An angry Hillary Clinton has slammed the FBI’s claims that she was “extremely careless” in handling classified material, claiming the comments are nonsense.  In her first public comment since the embarrassing truth came to light […]The Pentagon needs to have external “threats” to justify its huge budget. U.S. Generals are looking beyond the planet and at the boundaries of outer space and the security of their space assets. They fear […]








A top Canadian nuclear physicist has gone on the record and admitted that aliens visit Earth “on a regular basis.” According to Stanton Friedman, Earth has been visited on numerous occasions by extraterrestrials, who aim to one day quarantine us on our planet.The 82-year-old scientist claims that evidence proving the existence of aliens has been deliberately kept from us by our own governments, as part of a “truth embargo.”Speaking to the Daily Star, he said: “We have enough to prove without a shadow of a doubt that planet Earth is being visited [by aliens].”“This is kept from people because who would want the world in upheaval? There would be mass panic and distress.”“If they (the aliens) want to make themselves known, it’s easy – they will.”Express.co.uk reports:He said recently declassified CIA files on UFO sightings were all part of the proof.So why does he say they are here?Mr Friedman says aliens actually want to prevent humans colonising space and will ultimately quarantine us here for the greater good to prevent mankind travelling.He said: “I think they are here. I think they are here to quarantine us, keep us from going out there.“With our track record – we’re evil.”But Mr Friedman claims our governments are trying to take advanatage of aliens being here by obtaining their technology to achieve world supremacy.He said: “The first country to replicate [alien] technology will rule the roost if they can build it.“It’s political too – the US says ‘are we ready to put out anything if the Russians don’t or the Chinese don’t’.”Mr Friedman, who has written extensively on Aliens and UFOS, has described this culture of secrecy as the world’s “Cosmic Watergate” – a reference to the President Nixon cover-up scandal in the 1970s.He now tours the globe giving talks on his beliefs at universities and conferences.Some sceptics are not convinced by his arguments, however.One poster on the forum skepticforum.com wrote: “Recently I was looking at some of Friedman’s arguments for UFO’s and against sceptics.“Overall he did a pretty poor job of battling sceptics and proving his point.“When he says he debunks the debunkers he makes sweeping generalisations and says sceptics ignore some ‘big’ cases even though many of them were looked at by sceptics.“So my question is what’s his point.“He only uses old cases that were mostly debunked and just tries to discredit sceptics rather than provide non-speculative evidence.”Russian military officials have said that they can predict and summon UFOs at their will.  They claim that UFO activity increases when large scale weapons testing takes place. Major General Vasily Yeremenko said in a […]High-profile hacker Gary McKinnon claims to have some interesting information about the US Navy’s intergalactic operation – there is a top-secret fleet of “eight to ten” war ships in space, with around 25 “Non-terrestrial officers” […]Stories of aliens and alien abductions permeate our culture.  Whether it is through film, television, books, or other forms of media – ET’s, Aliens, and UFO’s are part of the human sub-concious culture – whether […]








Two people who were connected to the Flint water company investigation were both found dead in the space of a week this month. Water Treatment Plant Foreman, Matthew McFarland, and the woman leading the lead poisoning suit, Sasha Avonna Bell, were found dead within days of each other.Vigilantcitizen.com reports:The Flint water crisis began exactly two years ago, on April 2014, when Flint changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water to the Flint River – to which officials had failed to apply corrosion inhibitors. Almost immediately, Flint residents complained about the water’s color, taste and odor. In the following months, numerous water issues arose, with little to no governmental action to fix them.Far from taking decisive action, governments denied that the water was toxic.While the local outcry about Flint water quality was growing in early 2015, Flint water officials filed papers with state regulators purporting to show that “tests at Flint’s water treatment plant had detected no lead and testing in homes had registered lead at acceptable levels.” The documents falsely claimed that the city had tested tap water from homes with lead service lines, and therefore the highest lead-poisoning risks; in reality; the city does not know the locations of lead service lines, which city officials acknowledged in November 2015 after the Flint Journal/MLive published an article revealing the practice after obtaining documents through the Michigan Freedom of Information Act.
– Robin Erb, Flint doctor makes state see light about lead in waterThe net result is that over 10,000 children (mostly Black) were exposed to water contaminated with lead. Lead poisoning has devastating effects on the brain:Childhood lead exposure causes a reduction in intellectual functioning and IQ, academic performance, and problem-solving skills, and an increased risk of attention deficit disorder, aggression, and hyperactivity. According to studies, children with elevated levels of lead in the blood are more likely as adults to commit crimes, be imprisoned, be unemployed or underemployed, or be dependent on government services.
– Julie Mack, Lead levels elevated for thousands of Michigan children outside of FlintA massive investigation is now underway and lawsuits are being filed. And things are turning uglier.Cover UpNow that the federal government opened an investigation on the issue, news emerging from Flint are downright sordid.First, in March, important documents went missing, the police openly admits that it was an inside job, and that the crime will most likely remain unresolved.Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan city’s water system.Nearly three months later, officials have confirmed that a TV went missing, but little else is known, according to the Flint Journal.Without suspects or a firm handle on what else may have been swiped, authorities told the paper last week that the crime may remain unsolved.No warrants have been issued in the case, but officials don’t shy away from speculative statements that stop just short of conspiracy theories.“It was definitely an inside job,” police chief Tim Johnson told the Journal. “The power cord (to the TV) wasn’t even taken. The average drug user knows that you’d need the power cord to be able to pawn it.”“It was somebody that had knowledge of those documents that really wanted to keep them out of the right hands, out of the hands of someone who was going to tell the real story of what’s going on with Flint water.”Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan city’s water system.
– Washington Post, The mystery surrounding missing water files at Flint City Hall: ‘It was definitely an inside job’On April 16th, Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland (who had been interviewed regarding the water crisis) was found dead at the young age of 43. Cause of death? Unknown.Already reeling from the news of criminal charges against one of its workers in the wake of the Flint water crisis, city workers are now dealing with the sudden death of a foreman at the plant.Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland, 43, of Otter Lake died suddenly on on Saturday, April 16, according to his obituary.The Lapeer County Sheriff’s Department said a friend found McFarland unresponsive at a home in Otter Lake. There were no signs of foul play.An autopsy did not determine a cause of death and police are awaiting toxicology reports. The investigation remains open.“My thoughts and prayers go out to Matt’s co-workers, his family and especially his children,” said Flint Mayor Karen Weaver. “He worked for the City of Flint for more than 18 years and we thank him for his devotion and service.”“We all have been brought together by this water crisis and we are all mourning his death,” Weaver said in a statement. “In lieu of flowers, the family has expressed they would appreciate donations to establish a fund for (his children) Vance and Ella’s college expenses.”McFarland’s death comes as Flint’s water plant deals with news that Flint Utilities Manager Michael Glasgow is one of three men facing criminal charges in connection with the city’s water crisis.Glasgow is accused of tampering with evidence when he allegedly changed testing results to show there was less lead in city water than there actually was. He is also charged with willful neglect of office.Michigan Department of Environmental Quality employees Stephen Busch and Michael Prysby are charged with misconduct in office, conspiracy to tamper with evidence, tampering with evidence and violations of the Michigan Safe Drinking Water Act.Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette’s office confirmed that McFarland was previously interviewed as part of its ongoing investigation into the city’s water crisis.
– mlive, Flint water plant continues to reel with sudden death of foremanA few days later, a 19-year old woman leading the Flint water crisis lawsuit was found shot dead in her home. A culprit was arrested. Was he a patsy?A woman at the center of a bellwether Flint water crisis lawsuit was one of two women who were shot to death inside a townhouse earlier this week.Sasha Avonna Bell was one of the first of a growing number of people to file a lawsuit in connection to the Flint water crisis after she claimed that her child had been lead poisoned.Bell was found dead April 19 in the 2600 block of Ridgecrest Drive at the Ridgecrest Village Townhouses. Sacorya Renee Reed was also found shot to death in the home.An unharmed 1-year-old child was also found inside of the Ridgecrest home when Bell’s body was discovered and was taken into custody by child protective services. Police declined to confirm if it was Bell’s child discovered in the home.“Sasha was a lovely young woman who cared deeply for her family, and especially for her young child,” said her attorney Corey M. Stern. “Her tragic and senseless death has created a void in the lives of so many people that loved her. Hopefully, her child will be lifted up by the love and support from everyone who cared deeply for Sasha.”Bell’s case was one of 64 lawsuits filed on behalf of 144 children by Stern’s firm, New York-based Levy Konigsberg, and Flint-based Robinson Carter & Crawford.The lawsuit named six companies that had various responsibilities with respect to the treatment, monitoring, and safety of the Flint water prior to and during the Flint water crisis, according to her attorneys. The case also named three individual government, or former government, employees who played significant roles in the alleged misconduct that led to the alleged poisoning of thousands of children in Flint, her attorneys claim.The Bell case, however, played an important role in determining the future of the more than five dozen other lawsuits that were filed.
– mlive, Woman in leading Flint water crisis lawsuit slain in twin killingEverything about this story is revolting and dirty facts are emerging from everywhere. However, mass media largely ignores this story. Those that do are flooded with comments about “tin foil hats” and “conspiracy nutters”. It is as if shills are paid kill that story online … or maybe that poisonous lead has already done its debilitating, mind-numbing job.A recently leaked email from 2008 reveals that an official from the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) attempted to fake the results of lead tests conducted on the Michigan water supply, in order for the water […]The North Dakota pipeline battle may be over but veterans and activists who opposed of the project have said that their fight isn’t over yet and the Flint water crisis is next target on their […]A new analysis has concluded that lead contamination in low-income communities is an even more of a problem across the US than initial reports from Flint, Michigan had indicated. Since the city of Michigan city […]








An former illuminati member has publicly outlined the plans that the secret society has in store for the world in the coming years. After spending 47 years as a high-ranking illuminati member, the anonymous insider says that he wants to “reveal everything” after the burden of keeping it a secret became “too much to bear”.In an online post the ‘illuminati insider’ reveals:This post will be about how the Illuminati recruited me and what exactly I had to go through.When I was nineteen years old, I fell into some money through some connections with friends and some successful investments of some money that I had made throughout my childhood. I got involved in some backroom deals and saw my money begin to grow. As I attended college at Harvard in 1964, I begin to become increasingly rich, and my influence on campus grew as well through my participation in various clubs, and organizations. Some friends and I began to serve as quasi-stock brokers while still at Harvard. I made tons of cash during that year, and was very powerful and influential on campus.One night as I was walking back to my dorm shortly after midnight, I was approached by two men in black suits. I initially assumed that they were going to investigate my business activity because some of it was not exactly legal. They asked me to come with them and I followed them into the basement of a two story house a couple streets over from my dorm room. They sat me down at a table and asked me if I was willing to make a deal. They would not tell me what deal I would be making, but just continually asked if I would be willing to make a deal. I half-assed agreed that I would, and that is when the biggest man that I have ever seen walked through some closet doors and sat down First of all, if you do not believe me then I am sorry. I am here to tell the truth, and nothing that is written by me is false exaggeration nor science fiction. This information is real, it is true, it is reality, and it is time for it to be told.I was a member of the Illuminati for 47 years. I was recruited when I was 19 years old. I have posted here off and on over the past year. (Some of the posts are mine, others are my brothers, mainly they are his) The information that I am about to unfold is very revealing and very dangerous. I am one of seven people in the history of the Illuminati that have performed the “Departure” Ritual. I knew that I needed to get out when I had something revealed to me at a meeting in June of 2010. For years I was in line with the beliefs, motives, and actions of the Illuminati, but it recently became too much for me to bear, and I had to extinguish my sacred contract.My reason for coming here is to reveal EVERYTHING about the Illuminati. How you become a member, what the organization is about, what the organization does, and the future plans that we have.I will be back to make my first post when I can see that this thread has enough attention for me continue. Any time in the near future when I begin to reveal the secrets of the Illuminati, I need to ensure that there are enough people paying attention so that my efforts do not go to waste.Once I see that this thread has a substantial amount of views and replies, I will make my first post.Here is a preview of some of the things that I will reveal:page 69 of thread:The first topic to discuss will be these underground bunkers that I have mentioned. Currently, there are 57 underground bases and bunkers around the United States that are in use for various purposes. There are 439 bunkers in the entire world. ALL of these bunkers and bases are controlled and maintained by the Illuminati. The largest underground bunker is in Sao Paulo, Brazil. This bunker has the capability of holding up to 5,000 people for a period of up to ten years. I have personally been in this bunker, and it is much larger than one that anyone can possible even imagine. This bunker is secured mainly for the events of the end times. 5,000 of the world’s richest, brightest, and most powerful individuals will secure shelter in this bunker in the event of a global thermonuclear war, natural disaster, or any other form of global catastrophe. Don’t be confused. Several other bunkers have the ability of housing large numbers of people for extended periods of time, but no other bunkers is as large and capable as this one. In the event of World War 3, all of the world’s leaders will take shelter here, and the governments of the world will be theoretical proxy governments. The world’s richest people will be here as well. People such as Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, the oil tycoons ( however, these oil tycoons will be murdered while they are in the bunker so that the takeover of the Middle East will be much easier for the New World Order). I do not know the exact number, but of the 439 bunkers in the world, I would say that around 275 of them are constructed mainly for shelter and extended stays. I myself stayed in one of these bunkers while in China in the nineties. They are very nice, very luxurious. It is practically like you are staying in a 5 star hotel.Some people that have stayed in these bunkers:Leon Trotsky: After Stalin defeated Trotsky and secured power in the Soviet Union following Lenin’s death, Trotsky was moved to an underground bunker just inside Switzerland. Stalin originally did not know about this because if he did not follow the orders of the Illuminati, then Trotsky was going to be reinstated as the leader of the Soviet Union. It was important to have Trotsky placed in this bunker because Stalin was going to kill him otherwise. Stalin eventually fell in line with the Illuminati’s plans, and Trotsky was executed because he was no longer needed.Abraham Lincoln: Lincoln was NOT murdered by John Wilkes Booth. Lincoln was placed in the office of presidency as a pawn. The Illuminati knew that if he was elected then the South would secede. The Civil War made the North very, very rich. That was the only reason the Civil War was allowed to happen. If the Illuminati had not seen the opportunity to become rich off of the war, then slavery would still be an American institution. Lincoln was placed in office just to start the war. He made a deal that once the war was over, that he would be removed from office. This was taken care of through a fake assassination, and he spent the rest of his days in a bunker in Mexico.Saddam Hussein: Hussein was in power in Iraq merely to raise justification for invasion by the United States and other nations. Many of you are already familiar with what I have said about the plans to entirely take over the Middle East and to secure the oil that is currently untapped. The Hussein that was “hung” was a dummy, and the cell phone video that was release was meant to be released as “proof.” Saddam is currently in a bunker somewhere in Argentina. I do not know of any future plans with him.The rest of the bunkers in the world are used for storage of things that cannot be stored on top of the ground. Nuclear stockpiles are being held in these underground bunkers . In the event that a nation veers off the course that is planned, then they will be eliminated. Either through assassination of their leaders or by nuclear destruction. Thankfully, nuclear action has not had to be taken yet; however, do not put it past these people to bring about such destruction.You all know about the HAARP machine conspiracy. It is real. I can assure you. The machine is housed entirely in a bunker that is underwater in the Pacific Ocean. This machine was developed back in the 1980’s, and was first used in the late nineties. This machine has capability of creating any natural disaster that the Illuminati wish to create. Hurricane Katrina was a product of the HAARP machine. The Hurricane was used as a diversion. While the area was in chaos, and attention was diverted everywhere, engineers were sent down to prepare for the gulf oil spill. I can assure you that the Illuminati is capable of releasing more oil into the gulf. The oil that has already been pumped into the gulf is only a small amount compared to what could possibly be done. I already mentioned that the oil spill was used as an agent to implant microbodies into the brains of the children in the area. These children that have been affected are now subject to government control whenever these microbodies are activated. The Illuminati also used the opportunity that Katrina presented to build a bunker that is directly beneath the French Quarter. Why else do you think that FEMA was slow to provide adequate assistance? The engineers needed time.The HAARP machine is not controlled by any one single country; it is collectively controlled and used. The earthquake in Haiti, the ones that happened over the past couple days, all are products of the HAARP. Not all of the events are relevant or important, some are just tests, some are even mistakes. Rest assured however that once there is need for a natural disaster, the disaster can be generated, engineered, and directed and have whatever effect is necessary.Another thing that is housed in these bunkers are drugs. There are massive amounts of cocaine, marijuana, heroine, and all kinds of other drugs being stored. The drug trade and war on drugs are essential to the Illuminati. As more and more drugs are traded and cartels become more powerful, the Illuminati becomes richer and more powerful. One of the major contributors and benefactors to the drug trade is Warren Buffett. Buffett has been running the drug trade in the Western Hemisphere for the past twenty years. The drug cartels of Mexico are under his power. It is important that the Illuminati control the majority of the drugs in North America. This is because it gives them yet another vehicle to transport technology that allows them to take control of the consumers. The Illuminati is constantly searching for ways to implant themselves in the minds of the general public, and naturally, control of the drug trade was the perfect way to do so. Buffett secured control of the drug trade when he approached multiple drug cartels and presented them with contracts. He has been in control ever since, and Ben Bernanke is assisting him with the day to day operations.Multiple bunkers are also equipped to serve as crematories. Much in the same way that the Nazis burned their victims, the Illuminati plans to burn victims that are killed off. Many have speculated that FEMA has constructed stockpiles of coffins to be used for mass burials, but this is not true. Mass burials would take a massive amount of time and effort. Therefore, when the time comes to begin mass killings and executions, the bodies will be shipped to “burn yard” where they will be dropped in these bunkers and reduced to ashes. FEMA, which is an Illuminati run organization, decided that this would be the most effective way to dispose of a mass amount of bodies.Yet more of these bunkers contain robots that are designed and ready to infiltrate the workplace in the case of a labor shortage. The scenario in which these robots will most likely be used is when the mind control aspect of the Illuminati’s plan goes into effect. Robots will be sent in to perform the jobs that these people were doing, and these people will be used for other events, such as war, propaganda, and violence. These robots will also be used once population control goes into effect.Alex Jones is not who he says he is. For years he has been working to uncover the secrets of the Illuminati and the New World Order, but yet he is a member of the former, and will be in power in the latter. Jones has been placed in the world of conspiracy theories to feed false information, to throw trackers off the trail. Do not believe anything that the man tells you. All of the information that he presents is fabricated by the Illuminati, for the Illuminati. Think of Joseph Goebbels. Alex Jones is the perfect Joseph Goebbels. STOP LISTENING TO HIM IF YOU ARE. You are being lied to by a man that receives his instructions straight from the Illuminati.The moon landing in 1969 was real, but there was a moon landing seven years earlier that was the first real landing. In truth, the Russians were the first ones to land on the moon; however, they did not publicize the mission nor the results. It was decided that America was going to win the space race in order to secure a feeling of capitalism over communism. Russia launched their own rocket ship toward the moon as a test run to ensure that the American trial would be successful seven years later. Everything went perfect with the Russian moon landing, and the same technology was then applied to the American moon mission. While on the moon, the American astronauts began the first construction of nuclear missile sites on the moon. These nuclear missile sites have been added onto over the years by way of subsequent moon missions and work by remote control robots. The purpose of these missile sites is the ability to launch nuclear missiles without the risk of tracing the missiles back to a particular country. The scenario in which these missiles would be used is to attack a nation that is not cooperating with the Illuminati. The Illuminati would order missiles launched at the nation, but without the afflicted nation being able to track where exactly the missiles came from, they would not be able to show evidence that they should declare war on a specific country. In my opinion, these missiles will never be used because there are many other ways that the Illuminati can bring down an entire government other than nuking them. However, to my knowledge, the moon currently has 2 fully equipped nuclear missile sites that can be operated from Earth.Sticking with space….Scientists working for the Illuminati have found a way that they can “shut” off the sun. A weapon has been created that shoot a beam of high density radiation right into the heart of a planet or star. This beam of radiation penetrates through the planet creating a very large cylinder in the exact middle of it. The radiation that is left behind begins to eat at the star or planet and the effects spread like wildfire. This technology has been tested on various stars in our immediate solar system and is very effective. The first thing that occurs to the star is that the radiation eats a perfect cylinder through the middle of the star, the radiation left behind begins working its way outward degenerating anything in its path. The radiation continues to build and spread. Some stars hung on until they were totally deteriorated from the radiation; however, some stars became so unstable that they combusted at a certain point.Scientists are certain that this technology can be used on the sun, but also on other planets. One estimate that I overheard was that from the initial shot of radiation, it would take approximately nine years for the entire sun to be entirely consumed. We would begin seeing the effects of the radiation in approximately 3 and a half years however. The first signs would be shorter days and a decreased amount of sunlight during those days. The sun would start becoming unstable at about the seven year point, and we will begin seeing massive solar flares. Once the nine years is up, all life on earth will be dead.Since my departure, I am completely unsure who the top, head leaders of the Illuminati are at this point, but I will give my best guess. The Illuminati is structured so that there are one to three major leaders in each major region of the world; however, some regions are left out because of a lack of a suitable leader; therefore, a leader is installed there.In North America:Warren Buffett is most likely the head of all Illuminati operations. Followed by Ben Bernanke, followed by Lloyd Blankfein who is CEO of Goldman Sachs.Goldman Sachs is a key player in the North American Illuminati sector. Recently, Goldman Sachs invested almost $500 million dollars in Facebook. Usually this means that Facebook will fall under Illuminati control soon, just as Myspace and Twitter have.
Other key players in North America are Alex Jones, Bill Clinton, Rahm Emmanuel, of course Obama, and Timothy GeithnerSouth America is void of any real Illuminati leaders. Hugo Chavez has been difficult to work with in the past. He seems to be in line with the Illuminati agenda; however, he does not like being told what to do. Most of the North American leaders control South America as well.
In Europe:Nicolas Sarkozy is the main guy. He controls the majority of the operations in Europe and Africa. Gordon Brown was very influential in the Illuminati until he decided to begin playing his way; this is why he was removed from office. My opinion is that he is still a key player, just not as key as he once was. There are several African arms dealer that have recently gained some power; however, I am unaware of their identities.
The Middle East is controlled largely by Benjamin Netanyahu which should not come as much of a surprise. Netanyahu does not have as much control as you would think however. As I have stated before, Israel is the grand puppet state of the Illuminati.They will do absolutely anything that the Illuminati wants them to do, and they will do it to the best of their ability without even thinking twice. Israel has been given the permission to fire upon Iran whenever it wishes to do so. Control of the Middle East is hard because there are so many rebel groups. Palestine should not even be worried about. Although they are not controlled by the Illuminati, they are not able to do anything. Iran is borderline at time, and completely in opposition at others. This is why Israel will destroy Iran to start WWIII.Asia is controlled entirely by Vladimir Putin and his cronies. Putin is a very powerful, very smart man. He will regain popular control of Russia very soon, but you can be assured that everything that is happening in Russia right now is going through him. China has chosen to give up a little power to the Illuminati. They cooperate; just do not care to become too involved. In my opinion, it is because they feel that they will be able to defeat the Illuminati in the end. They are sadly mistaken. Eventually they will come to terms and will join in the great skit that will be called World War 3.The Spanish flu of 1918, SARS, and the H1N1 scare all have one thing in common: they all were engineered by the Illuminati. While nothing has been instituted on a global scale, the Illuminati has been testing these viruses for years and they are finally unlocking the keys to creating a virus that will spread across the globe very, very fast killing select people. My advice: do not receive the vaccines. You will become a part of a test group that the Illuminati is using to experiment. The H1N1 virus started to become widespread when animals escaped from a farm in Brazil where the virus was being tested. Several of these animals mingled with citizens of surrounding towns, and many of the animals were consumed. The population of the surround towns were quarantined, and the ones that died were covered up; however, somehow, a traveler had carried the flu virus all the way up into northern Mexico, where the virus was first reported. The Illuminati soon found out that the virus was much, much less ineffective than they thought. They are currently pursuing research on a virus that will wipe out a country within a matter of days.I hope this data dump has been informational for you and has contributed to my credibility in some way. I have much, much more information. It just takes me time to sit down and father my thoughts long enough to format them in an easily readable and comprehensive manner. This is definitely not my last post, as I have more information that needs to be told. It has been a long, tiring past couple of days, and I hope this is enough information to give me a good rest for awhile. If you have any questions then feel free to post them here, on my youtube account, or email me at walte1944@yahoo.comThis article was originally published in 2015 and is updated regularlySources used:
Anonymousmags.comNatural News uncovered a great story about Obamacare: A key architect of the Obamacare mandate named Jonathan Gruber has just made himself an instant celebrity of sorts. In a video which has now circulated everywhere […]Rudy Giuliani, former New York Mayor and the leading contender to be President-elect Donald Trump’s attorney general, said that President Obama shouldn’t pardon Hillary Clinton. He said that a preemptive pardon of Hillary Clinton for […]Everyone has heard of how society is controlled by The Illuminati who control “The Global Pyramid” – which all is tied to who “really” controls our planet.  A new essay from In 5D contests that the […]








Donald Trump has publicly spoken out about the dangers of vaccinations, and has said he believes that vaccines cause autism.Acknowledging that the subject matter is controversial, Trump said “I couldn’t care less. I’ve seen people where they have a perfectly healthy child, and they go for the vaccinations and a month later the child is no longer healthy.”Intergalacticvault.com reports:“I’ve gotten to be pretty familiar with the subject,” Trump went on to say.“You know, I have a theory — and it’s a theory that some people believe in — and that’s the vaccinations. We never had anything like this. This is now an epidemic.It’s way, way up over the past 10 years. It’s way up over the past two years.And, you know, when you take a little baby that weighs like 12 pounds into a doctor’s office and they pump them with many, many simultaneous vaccinations — I’m all for vaccinations, but I think when you add all of these vaccinations together and then two months later the baby is so different then lots of different things have happened. I really — I’ve known cases.”Russia will not be giving Crimea back to Ukraine a Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said in response to White House comments saying that Donald Trump expected Moscow to “return” the peninsular. Maria Zakharova told a […]Donald Trump is appointing oil chief Rex Tillerson as the next US Secretary of State. I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, […]Iran is planning to ditch the use of the American currency after US President Donald Trump issued a travel ban on seven countries, including the Islamic Republic The Central Bank of Iran is seeking to […]








A historic lawsuit has been filed in California after a widespread cover-up of Bernie Sanders’ landslide victory at the primary election earlier in the week.The lawsuit will require the counting of all the provisional ballots, which Sanders says gives him a landslide win in the state.Justicegazette.org reports:The theft of California hasn’t deterred Sanders from his course. He has promised to fight on while noting it is a steep uphill climb. Given all the states where vote fraud in favor of Hillary Clinton has been allowed to swing primaries from Sanders to Clinton, it is in fact a steep uphill climb to restore democracy and force the now undemocratic Democratic Party to nominate the man the vast majority of American voters have voted for or tried to vote for.It has been learned from poll workers that 50% to 90% of voters who were supposed to have been eligible to vote in the Democratic primary were told they would have to vote provisional ballots. There were two irregularities leading to the forced use of provisional ballots instead of regular ballots. The first was that previously registered voters’ names had been removed from the rolls. The second was that someone (in most cases, not the voter) had marked them as vote by mail voters but they had received no ballot in the mail. Oddly, virtually all of those not allowed to vote and forced to vote provisional ballots were Bernie Sanders supporters.The next oddity is even more curious. Poll workers in Los Angeles and Orange County report that Bernie won the electronic votes in their precincts by well over a 2 to 1 margin, the opposite of the result of the vote count. The contrast between this and the outcome is indicative of vote-flipping. Also the outcome.. outcome does not match what anyone who has conducted polling in this state knows: Below the election night video is a video about black box voting (Hacking Democracy) , The Democratic Party has essentially endorsed this video, showing it at various conventions and another video of a computer programmer confessing to creating a vote-flipping program.If you add the lower figure of 50% of voters who were not allowed to vote regular ballots for Bernie to the votes he received, you wind up with a substantial Sanders landslide victory in California. The primary beneficiary of the fraud is Hillary Clinton.As for provisional ballots, acclaimed BBC reporter, author and election fraud expert Greg Palast calls them “placebo ballots.” Greg is the reporter who exposed the voter fraud in Florida in 2000. Nightline used his footage in covering the story. Here is from Greg’s article, “How California is being stolen from Sanders right now.”“As I’ve previously reported, provisional ballots are “placebo” ballots that let you feel like you’ve voted, but you haven’t. Provisional ballots are generally discarded.”The Justice Gazette has conducted considerable polling and the official results reflect the opposite of how people said they were going to vote. At the California Democratic Convention most of the elected delegates were “Bernie or Bust.” Ask yourself, when Sanders gets enthusiastic crowds of thousands in California (sixty thousand according to police in Oakland alone) compared to laid- back crowds of hundreds for Clinton, who voted for Clinton? Ask your neighbors, co-workers and fellow students if they voted for her and then start asking how she supposedly won the election without the support of the voters. Or just look at Alameda County (Berkeley, Oakland), where Sanders was greeted by a hundred thousand active supporters, where Clinton is very unpopular and where Clinton’s percentage and Sanders percentage appear to be the exact reversal of what the residents of that county know to be the case. If you walked into any store or group setting, other than a Clinton gathering, and asked who was going to vote for Clinton, you would find that nobody or maybe one or two people would be considering voting for her. Almost all the rest would be planning to vote for Bernie Sanders. We know. At the Justice Gazette, reporters did just that.Poll workers in Orange and Los Angeles County have reported that Bernie won the electronic votes in their precincts by well over a 2 to 1 margin. So how does this translate into a victory for Clinton? Ask yourself why an excited crowd of thousands came to the election night event of a loser when this kind of crowd has never come to the event of a primary loser in California’s history. Perhaps this is because Sanders didn’t lose. Votes can be flipped in less than a minute by someone walking into the Registrars office. Watch Bev Harris’s documentary Hacking Democracy and the video of a confession on the creator of a program designed to do just that below.Prior to going into the California primary, it was known that Sanders was going to insist that the Democratic National Convention nominate the winner of the California primary. Clinton is very unpopular in California and it would have been impossible for her to acquire the votes to win legitimately. There was only one way for Clinton to win and that was to rig the election. Those running the Democratic Party have made it clear, following the known rigging of elections in other states, that they either consider election fraud and rigging a proper way to win a nomination or don’t care if a candidate wins this way.Back to forcing the majority of Sanders voters to vote uncounted provisional ballots. You may ask, how Hillary knew who to disenfranchise? There are multiple ways. First, new voters were overwhelmingly planning to vote for Bernie. Second, of the NPP (no party preference) voters, the vast majority were Sanders supporters. But it may also be the Sanders campaign that owes the voters an apology for letting Clinton know which voters to disenfranchise.Last December the relationship between NGP Van and Clinton and that Van’s apparent willingness to engage in unethical conduct on behalf of the Clinton campaign was widely exposed. Yet, the primary applications the Sanders campaign uses for canvassing were obtained from NGP Van. One of the main application programs the Sanders campaign used for canvassing is called Minivan. It is well known that many many, if not most, manufacturers leave a backdoor allowing them to re-access programs.In Arizona, Sanders poll workers were told on the last day before the election that it was known that their MiniVan program had been hacked and that on that pre-election day, people would be using paper canvassing sheets. This was just for the last minute stuff. Almost all the canvassing had been done already in Arizona. What did the Sanders volunteers tell MiniVan (and possibly the Clinton campaign) about the voters they canvassed or called? They marked if the person was: “Strong Sanders,” “Leaning Sanders,” “Strong Clinton,””Leaning Clinton,” or “Undecided,” among other things. If you were Clinton and you wanted to disenfranchise millions of voters, wouldn’t it be nice to know who is supporting your opponent? For the record, reporters for the Justice Gazette did bring their concerns about MiniVan to the attention of the Sanders campaign following Arizona. However, the campaign went back to using this in state after state.While the public is mostly loyal to Sanders, some question the loyalty of some of his staffers. Canvassers were given wildly inaccurate precinct phone and walking lists that left off most of the voters who were planning to support Sanders. Canvassers were supposed to skip about 20 or more houses for every one they hit. Usually the one selected had the wrong occupant while the new occupants of the selected houses as well as people who were supposed to be passed over in the other 20, often said they were registered and planning to vote for Bernie to canvassers who chose to speak to them anyway. It was pointed out to the campaign that it would have been easier and more productive to go door to door to all the houses than to search around for the one inaccurate address on a street a mile from the last address.Another key alert as to possible infiltrators was the odd treatment of the press. While Correct the Record and reporters/hackers from other organizations and media groups promoting Clinton were treated like royalty, members of the press who had gone on record supporting Sanders were often treated with contempt by certain members of the team running logistics at the rallies. Correct the Record (the PAC paying a million dollars to hackers who put child pornography on Sanders facebook pages and then got them closed down) was given the best filming location in San Pedro after that same prime filming location had been denied to news teams favorable to Sanders. On election night, several reporters favorable to Sanders commented on how rudely they were being treated. Reginald Hubbard and Jesse Cornett who reportedly threatened some of the mild-mannered, more loyal press with loss of equipment, removal or confiscation of their press credentials (which they had brought with them) and removal of the actual reporters from the event in response to polite questions about the sound arrangements. Most of the pro-Sanders reporters were placed on a riser near distorted speakers and denied access to the event’s sound boxes they had been promised and which were provided for other media. One reporter, a very sweet woman, who had been traveling on a bus following the candidate, seemed to disappear from the event after she reported that she had been rudely treated by these same staff people prior to the speech.The fix was in before the primary. An instructional video for poll workers told them to give provisional ballots to NPP voters, official conduct that would have been illegal in California. AP joined in the effort to try to fix the election by calling the nomination for Clinton the night before the election when AP knew or should have known that Clinton did not have enough pledged delegates and would not have enough on June 7th to be the nominee. This appears to have been part of the overall attempt to suppress the vote. As Sanders has repeatedly pointed out,“If there is a large turnout we will win. If there is a very large turnout we will win huge. If there is a low turnout, we will lose.”In spite of AP’s false call, the actual turnout was very large and, but for the suppression, the evidence supports the theory that Sanders would have won by a very wide margin.Overall, it was a tough night for Sanders supporters. The average American is not about to support Hillary Clinton. Nobody at the election night event believed there was any accuracy in the results. Despite the officials results (which left off half or more of the voters), the Sanders supporters were optimistic as they knew in their hearts that Sanders had won California. With the election rigging and theft so obvious, the bulk of the public does not believe that Clinton is a legitimate nominee. The bulk of the Democratic voters will never accept Clinton or vote for her in the general election. Some are calling the theft of the nomination a “coup d’ etat,” “treason” and “sedition” on Clinton’s part.As for the voters who weren’t allowed to vote, the buck stop with two people: California Secretary of State and Clinton supporter Alex Padilla and Hillary Clinton, herself, the candidate who benefited from the voter suppression. Almost everyone in American knows or is related to one of Clinton’s victims. Clinton’s apparent crimes are against the American people and this matters more than whether a clown is running as a nominee the other party. America has survived racist clown Presidents in the past but is not about to endure a President who has committed crimes that have destroyed the right to vote of people they know.The crowd at the Sanders rally is not going to give up. In fact they are energized and angry and most of them have as their top goal, defeating Hillary Clinton in all elections. If Bernie were to endorse her, his supporters would be saddened and many would feel betrayed, but the Sanders voters have made it clear that they will not follow Bernie to Clinton.In view of the information from polling place workers about Sanders winning by more than a 2 to 1 margin and in view of the removal of 2/3 or more of his votes from the official results, the Justice Gazette declares Bernie Sanders the landslide winner of the 2016 California Primary Election.Nostradamus is famous for predicting major world events centuries before they took place, with scholars claiming he predicted Napoleon, Hilter, the JFK assassination and the 9/11 attacks among his prophecies – but did he also […]Former Democrat candidate Bernie Sanders has come out in support of Donald Trump, publicly praising Trump’s achievement in defeating the establishment.  Senator Sanders spoke at a CNN town hall on Monday night, praising Trump for winning the […]A Republican has uncovered evidence of election fraud after discovering that NBC falsely reported that she had lost a race before votes had been cast.  Republican candidate for Florida House District 86, Laurel Bennett, expressed […]








President-elect Donald Trump believes vaccines are responsible for the autism epidemic and he has promised to find out the truth and “save our children and their future” when he takes office in January.Trump dismissed the official claim that there is no link between vaccines and autism, claiming there has been a cover up to suppress the truth and that “nay-sayers will understand soon.”“[W]e’ve had so many instances, people that work for me. Just the other day, two years old, two and a half years old, a child, a beautiful child went to have the vaccine, and came back, and a week later got a tremendous fever, got very, very sick, now is autistic.”Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes – AUTISM. Many such cases!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2014During a GOP a primary debate with Trump, Dr. Ben Carson claimed there is no “documented proof” that vaccines are responsible for autism, however Dr. Carson, a neuroscientist, conceded that “it is true that we are probably giving way too many in too short a period of time.”"@P01YN0NYM0U55:  @jamandatrtl #vaccines #Shills insist #Autism starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after #vaccine"— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2014Trump’s response echoes one he gave on Fox News in April 2012, in which he also related the story of a child of one of his employees who was damaged after receiving vaccines.“I’ve gotten to be pretty familiar with the subject,” Trump told Fox News’ Fox & Friends. “You know, I have a theory — and it’s a theory that some people believe in — and that’s the vaccinations. We never had anything like this.“This is now an epidemic. It’s way, way up over the past 10 years. It’s way up over the past two years. And, you know, when you take a little baby that weighs like 12 pounds into a doctor’s office and they pump them with many, many simultaneous vaccinations — I’m all for vaccinations, but I think when you add all of these vaccinations together and then two months later the baby is so different then lots of different things have happened. I really — I’ve known cases.”The vaccine autism link recently came under federal scrutiny when Florida US Congressman Bill Posey noted before a House committee the testimony of Center for Disease Control whistleblower Bill Thompson, who claimed the agency colluded with researchers to destroy documents linking the injection to thousands of autism cases.I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children & their future.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2014On July 29, US Congressman Bill Posey made his last stand on the floor of the House. Granted five minutes to speak, he exposed lies by the CDC in the infamous 2004 study that exonerated the MMR vaccine and claimed it had no connection to autism.“No connection to autism” was the lie. Congressman Posey read a statement by long-term CDC researcher William Thompson, one of the authors of the 2004 Pediatrics study designed to determine once and for all if the MMR vaccine has contributed to the autism epidemic.“…the [CDC] co-authors scheduled a meeting to destroy documents related to the [MMR vaccine] study. The remaining four co-authors all met and brought a big garbage can into the meeting room and reviewed and went through all the hard copy documents that we had thought we should discard and put them in a huge garbage can.”With Trump in the White House with full executive powers the vaccine autism link is about to come under it’s most severe scrutiny yet.Is Donald Trump a New World Order stooge designed to fulfil the agenda of the Rothschilds?  Presidential candidate and GOP front-runner Donald Trump has connections to some of the most wealthy and elite families in the world, including […]New World Order elitist George Soros has announced plans to obliterate Donald Trump and his “Trump World Order”. According to leaked documents obtained by journalist Kenneth P. Vogel from Politico, billionaire Soros and other Washington D.C. […]President-elect Donald Trump says that the outgoing CIA Director John Brennan might be the person who has been leaking “fake news” about him. On Sunday Trump blasted Brennan on twitter, suggesting that he may have […]








A mother in India says she has given birth to a Nephilim son, claiming that her offspring is actually a reincarnation of a Hindu god.The Nephilim are thought to be the offspring resulting from sexual relations between the sons of God and daughters of men. In Hebrew the word literally means “to fall”. As in fallen angel. The Bible, the Talmud and the Koran (where they are referred to as Djinn) all speak of fallen angels.The mother of four, Khalida Begum, gave birth to the unnamed baby boy on Monday, and says she was ‘shocked’ when she saw his alien-like appearance.Metro.co.uk reports:Doctors in India diagnosed the boy with extremely rare genetic condition harlequin ichthyosis, which gives sufferers thick skin and deformed features, locals said.Villagers in Kadamgachi in Kathihar, are now flocking to the family home, believing he is an incarnation of Hindu monkey god Hanuman, it has been reported.His mother said: ‘Several body parts of the baby is not completely developed.‘When I saw the baby after delivery for the first time, I was completely shocked to see the alien-looking boy.‘I couldn’t believe that I had a delivered an alien-like boy. I was so shocked and saddened by this that I asked the midwife to take the baby out of my sight.‘My other children were born healthy without any deformity. That’s why it took me sometime to absorb the shock.’The boy’s father, Mohammed Imtiyaz added: ‘Maybe God has sent him as an exhibit.’Local sources said the boy was not expected to survive.According to a researcher, the Anunnaki are due to return to the Earth to “fix what they had messed up” (our junk DNA) in order to fast-track a spiritual awakening and evolution in human consciousness.  […]File this under “huh?” – According to The International Business Times, one of India’s highest elected officials, Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju, has announced that none other than Nostradamus predicted current Prime Minister […]DNA results of the famous Paracus skulls of Peru has shown that the skulls represent a “new human-like creature” unlike anything scientists have seen before. Some researchers are convinced these skulls are from a hybrid […]








New evidence has emerged that NASA astronaut Lt Col Ellison Onizuka witnessed footage of dead aliens who were experimented on in Roswell. According to former NASA spacecraft operator Clark C McClelland, Onizuka revealed to him shortly before his death that he had seen disturbing footage of dead aliens that appeared humanoid in shape, as part of NASA’s psychological assessment of its astronauts at the time.In an article, titled Alien Disclosure, Mclelland claims:“They were all startled when a view of a facility similar to a medical examination room appeared on the screen, and small bodies were observed lying on slabs. He heard several excited comments by the other officers seated near him. The small, strange looking creatures were humanoid in shape and appeared similar to those described by alleged witnesses at the well-known Roswell site in the Southwest USA in 1947. They all had large heads, large eyes, slight torsos, arms, and legs. They did not appear to be of earthly origin.”
Disclose.tv reports:In the article, titled Alien Disclosure From an Astronaut, Mclelland claims:Why NASA would have shown astronauts footage of alien corpses is unclear although Mclelland posited the notion that it could have been some kind of psychological test to see how the astronauts reacted to the footage.Mclelland, of course, has been widely criticized for some of his outlandish claims in the past and despite claiming to be a former NASA ScO (Spacecraft operator) isn’t listed on the websites of NASA or any other similar government agencies who would normally keep records of said individuals.Whether this is due to him never having been an astronaut or the government having expunged all his official records is a matter still being disputed. Mclelland said of his lack of official records on his website:“History is created, manipulated, and written by those who are predominantly on the victorious side of the nation which has supreme political — and especially military — dominance. Any “truth” which has the slightest potential of weakening their total hold over the masses is not tolerated.” Mclelland in his defense does have written testimony from former astronauts who are listed on the NASA website that he did indeed work for NASA in some capacity. He is also far from the first former NASA employee who claims to have seen evidence of aliens, several of whom were astronauts.The number of stories surrounding the Roswell incident is are numerous and in addition to the witnesses who saw the crash at the time an ever increasing number of individuals have come forward in the decades since claiming to have seen footage of alien autopsies, bodies and the crash site itself.It is widely believed that the remains of the aliens that crashed at Roswell were taken to Area 51, the top secret U.S military base located in the Nevada desert.The military at the time claimed that the crashed craft was merely a weather balloon although more recently admitted that the balloon was in fact used for nuclear test surveillance.Residents of a town in Oregon have been have expressed fear that a mysterious screaming sound that has plagued them every day and night may be an omen of some kind of impending doom. The unexplained screeching noises […]A joint paper released by universities from South Africa shows a perplexing alignment of the jets of many black holes… and it has scientists on edge. GeoBeats News reports: A grouping of distant, massive black […]Previously unseen pictures of the Roswell incident that have been kept secret in an attic are to be revealed for the first time in 25 years. The pictures are anticipated to shed some light on […]








Justin Bieber “shapeshifted into a reptilian” while greeting fans who had waited for him to arrive at Perth Airport, Australia, according to hundreds of witnesses who took to social media and were interviewed by local press after the incident.One witness, interviewed by news outlet Perth Now, said that “all hell broke loose” in the airport after Justin Bieber shapeshifted in front of his fans. “There were girls hiding in toilets, crying. Guys were running for the exits, jumping in taxis to get out of there.”Perth Now briefly published an article about the incident on Sunday featuring multiple interviews with witnesses, however within an hour of publication the article was taken down and scrubbed from the internet – but not before alert readers captured screenshots of the article and proof that it appeared on Google.Perth Now has not responded to questions about why they deleted the article from their website, or if they were acting under outside orders.It would not be the first time a news outlet or social media platform was forced to censor content relating to celebrity reptilian shapeshifting, with Twitter notorious for deleting tweets and user accounts whenever a famous figure is seen in reptilian form by members of the public.“Golden age of shapeshifting reptilian sightings”The Perth Now article quoted witnesses that saw Bieber with eyes “with a black stripe down the middle” and “big scaly claws that were lashing out angrily.”One traumatized fan with tickets for Bieber’s upcoming concerts claimed she “won’t be going to any now, no way.“Despite the removal of the article from the internet, the reptilian sightings continued the next morning, after Bieber left his $25,000-a-night Chairman’s Villa hotel room at Crown Towers and was spotted in camouflage shorts and white t-shirt at nearby Leederville skate park.“He was hanging around with this big guy, his bodyguard I guess, and we were just staring because he kept turning into a huge reptile,” said a local skater. “His bodyguard was pointing at us, shouting that he’d kick our teeth in if we didn’t put our phones away.”There were multiple accounts of seeing Bieber with “greenish-brown claws“, and one account claiming they saw him covered in “turd colored scales,” while others claim to have seen the Sorry hitmaker in “full female reptilian form.”“Really big, like way over six foot, slitty little reptile eyes, curves, and covered in scales.”Experts claim Bieber belongs to the Babylonian Brotherhood – a group of shapeshifting reptilian humanoids determined to control the world and usher in the New World Order.According to historians there have been sightings of reptilians around the world at regular intervals throughout history, however it is widely believed that we are now in a golden age of reptilian sightings.  There is a belief that the world is gaining consciousness, waking up, and that the veil is slowly lifting.It is said that Justin Bieber, a member of the dominant reptilian-Illuminati bloodline, is becoming one of the most commonly sighted shapeshifting reptilians in the world.Two people watching the same scene will not necessarily both be able to discern the shapeshifting reptilian, however experts are saying that more people than ever before have developed the ability to witness reptilians manifest in their true form.Over the years Bill Clinton surfaced in higher level political circles. At one of Bob’s parties Bill was all made up in a Statue of Liberty costume, decorated in red, white and blue, complete with […]Mainstream Newspaper The Telegraph published an article on Monday which suggests that some conspiracy theorists may have been “right all along”. Journalist Alex Proud lists Fifa, the banking scandals, the Iraq War, and establishment Paedophiles as […]Australia is seeking to enforce a ban on possibly the country’s most famous food export: Vegemite.  The reason, however, may surprise you: the product is being used to make alcohol. BBC.com reports: It says the yeast-based […]








A mysterious humanoid figure baring a striking resemblance to a ‘dementor’ from the Harry Potter movies terrified residents at a shopping center in Zambia this week. According to locals, a human-like giant figure hovered around the clouds above a shopping center in Kitwe,  in north-central Zambia, for around 30-minutes before disappearing.Photographs show a large humanoid head and torso, hovering menacingly in the sky and it is thought to have measured over 100 metres long.Dailymail.co.uk reports:The alleged apparition, which looked like a Dementor from the Harry Potter movies, was spotted above the Mukuba Mall in Kitwe.Photographs show a large humanoid head and torso, tailing into the sky and it is thought to have measured more than 100 metres (330ft) long.The dense black shape looked like it was made from a different material from the clouds.From the angle of the photograph, it looks like the apparition was looking down on the shopping centre.The figure hung in the sky for about half an hour and some thought it was a manifestation of God.A witness said: ‘We were shocked to see images that looked like a human in the clouds for close to 30 minutes.‘Some started worshipping but others ran away. It was so strange.’From an article in The International Business Times (source):  Protesting workers in Sierra Leone, who claimed they had not been paid a hazard allowance in weeks for performing the dangerous task of burying Ebola victims, […]A small village in Argentina have had a rash of sightings of the alleged Mothman – a large humanoid moth-like creature with giant wings and big red eyes.  Apparently, sightings of the Mothman usually prelude […]The picture above was captured hovering over Travis Air Force Base In Fairfield, California. According to the witness who captured the creature – he was making a delivery at the base and got lost when […]








Hillary Clinton is dying and Huma Abedin is planning her funeral, according to emails between the former presidential candidate and her top aide made public by Judicial Watch on Wednesday. The emails also reveal that Hillary Clinton is demanding a full military funeral, involving a motorcade through Washington D.C. as part of a massive State-funded celebration of her life.The previously unseen emails between Clinton, Abedin and other colleagues were published by Judicial Watch as part of a cache of 1,184 pages of State Department records obtained by the conservative watchdog.In one notable email exchange, Capricia Marshall, ambassador and long-time friend to Hillary Clinton, sought to map out her – and Bill Clinton’s – funerals because “planning is best done when they are still with us.”“As well, Huma – I would make the same suggestion to you – for her it will be a little different … And once affirmed it will be very hard for someone to deny the type of ceremony she wanted — as well I understand that the President can request certain arrangements for her that she/her rep cannot (ie if you want the motorcade to go through DC — stop somewhere),” Marshall wrote.Marshall also told Abedin that she had to involve the military in preparation for Hillary’s funeral — “as Protocol has a lot to do with planning, notification etc.”The news that Hillary Clinton is on her last legs corroborates reports that President Trump was told that Bill and Hillary Clinton are dying.According to a White House insider who works closely with the president, a merciful Trump took pity on Bill and Hillary Clinton upon hearing of their ill-health. Not because he approves of pedophilia, corruption, or murder, but because he is a spiritual man who can see that karma has caught up with them and is about to pay them back by the bucket load.“Their fate in hell far exceeds any punishment we could impose on that pair. We must concentrate on the network of crooks, pedophiles and traffickers that exist right now and prosecute them with the full force of the law,” Trump told the team in a closed-door meeting at the White House.Trump also believes that the Clintons are a fading force in US politics. Bill’s career is well and truly over and Hillary is a thoroughly defeated figure, languishing at rock bottom in nationwide approval rating polls.It is believed that a blockbuster Clinton trial would destabilize a country already racked by division, and a guilty verdict would transform the deeply unpopular duo from despised and rejected figures into undeserved martyrs.President Trump, playing the long game, does not wish to give the DNC this gift.According to the White House insider it is former president Obama, who has been ignoring the customary peaceful transferral of power, who is viewed as the greater threat to the Trump presidency.The White House insider also explained that the leaks coming out of the White House would “soon dry up” as Obama-era holdovers were removed, and staff loyal to the president were appointed to key positions of trust.The United Nations has implicated Bill Clinton for the 2010 cholera outbreak in Haiti that killed nearly 10,000 people and infected hundreds of thousands more.  Bill Clinton was head of the United Nations mission to […]Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chair Tom Perez has announced a potential Hillary Clinton run for president in 2020.  Perez, a former Clinton Campaign collaborator who helped sabotage Bernie Sanders’ chance at securing the nomination in […]2016 Presidential candidate and Republican senator from Kentucky Rand Paul claims he knows a secret about Hillary Clinton and the Bill, Hillary, and Chelsea Clinton foundation’s ties to donations that will completely derail her campaign. […]








Evelyn Farkas, an Obama administration insider, has become the latest Democrat to roll over and squeal on her former comrades, telling MSNBC that she helped spy on Trump for Obama before he left office, and that Trump, not Russians, was the target of the illegal surveillance. Democrats ran an arrogant, sloppy spying campaign against Trump because they assumed that a Clinton victory was certain. They didn’t think Trump would ever be in a position to expose their crimes.They couldn’t have been more wrong. Now shellshocked Obama administration members are starting to rat on each other, trying to gain favor with the current administration and save themselves from being the ones to serve jail time.Evelyn Farkas, advisor to the Clinton campaign and Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense under Obama, has become the latest rat to depart the sinking ship. Speaking to MSNBC, she explicitly confessed that:Watch the video embedded in the tweet below to hear the Obama administration insider rat on her former boss live on MSNBC. This is what happens when you run a criminal enterprise involving a whole team of collaborators. Some of them crack. Secrets come out in the wash.https://twitter.com/Daniel_Ohana/status/846406459185418240Democrats are sweating, squirming and splitting hairs as they try to wriggle out of the “Worse than Watergate” wiretapping scandal.Although naive Democrats living in their liberal bubble like to say the Obama presidency didn’t have any scandals, their fantasy world is slowly but surely falling apart.It’s hard to believe anybody really believes Russia was the intended target of the Trump Tower surveillance.Trump was Obama’s political rival, after all.Even the most brainwashed liberals know, deep down in their heart of hearts, that Tricky Barry organized the surveillance in order to monitor the Trump campaign. Gaining the FISA warrant and claiming to be targeting imaginary Russians was simply Obama’s way of getting around the law.But Tricky Barry got caught out. There is no honor among thieves. His comrades have started ratting him out.This was a well coordinated attack on a Presidential candidate, but unlike when Nixon got caught in ’74, Obama doesn’t have the luxury of a sympathetic president in the Oval Office to pardon him.Evelyn Farkas is merely the latest Democrat to roll over and start squealing. As the heat continues to rise on the criminal Obama administration and Clinton campaign, it won’t be long before they are ripping each other to shreds, trying save their own skins at the expense of their former colleagues.Break out the popcorn and get comfortable. The show has begun.Senator Bernie Sanders has endorsed Democratic candidate Hilary Clinton for president. At a campaign event in New Hampshire on Tuesday the two former Democratic presidential rivals teamed up to defeat Donald Trump and stop him winning […]Insiders working for the Obama administration hated Hillary Clinton so much, they hacked the DNC in an attempt to expose her crimes. According to retired intelligence officer, Lieutenant Colonel Tony Shaffer, elements within the NSA […]Hillary Clinton’s server guy who oversaw the running of her private email server when she was Secretary of State, has pleaded the fifth to avoid a court deposition. Bryan Pagliano is refusing to testify in a federal […]








John Podesta is facing jail time after it was revealed the former Clinton campaign manager broke federal law by covering up the fact he owned tens of thousands of shares in a Russian bank.By not declaring the 75,000 Kremlin-backed stock shares before joining Obama’s White House as a special counsellor, Podesta broke federal law.His fate now lies in the hands of U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions.Title 5 of the U.S. Code stipulates the Attorney General can file a civil action “against any individual who knowingly and willfully falsifies or who knowingly and willfully fails to file or report any information that such individual is required to report.”Daily Caller reports: Joule Unlimited Technologies — financed in part by a Russian firm — originally awarded Podesta 100,000 shares of stock options when in 2010 he joined that board along with its Dutch-based entities: Joule Global Holdings, BV and the Stichting Joule Global Foundation.When Podesta announced his departure from the Joule board in January 2014 to become President Obama’s special counsellor, the company officially issued him 75,000 common shares of stock.The Schedule B section of the federal government’s form 278 which — requires financial disclosures for government officials — required Podesta to “report any purchase, sale or exchange by you, your spouse, or dependent children…of any property, stocks, bonds, commodity futures and other securities when the amount of the transaction exceeded $1,000.”Podesta’s form 278 Schedule B is blank regarding his receipt of any stock from any company.Liberals and conservatives alike agree that Podesta should have disclosed the stock.“Well Podesta should certainly have been more upfront in filling this out.  Clearly, it should have been fully disclosed,” said Craig Holman, a lobbyist for the liberal group Public Citizen which was founded by Ralph Nader.  “That’s the point of the personal financial disclosure forms, especially for anyone entering the White House,” he told TheDCNF in an interview.“If the transfer of stock took place, it had to be disclosed,” added former U.S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova in an interview. “If he didn’t, clearly it’s a violation.”The same year Podesta joined Joule, the company agreed to accept 1-Billion-Rubles — or $35 million — from Rusnano, a state-run and financed Russian company with close ties to President Vladimir Putin.Anatoly Chubais, the company CEO and two other top Russian banking executives worked together with Podesta on the Joule boards. The board met six times a year.Ron Hosko, a former FBI assistant director said because of the Kremlin backing, it was essential Podesta disclose the financial benefits he received from the company.“I think in this case where you’re talking about foreign interests and foreign involvement, the collateral interest with these disclosure forms is put in the forefront of full disclosure of any foreign interest that you may have,” he told TheDCNF in an interview.He added that Russian money was a continuing concern because it could “become a counterintelligence concern for America.”“It’s a troubled question if you deliberately omit this information on the form,” Hosko, a 30-year veteran of the FBI told TheDCNF. “Were you completely truthful on this form that you filled out, yes or no?”Podesta took possession of the stock in January 2014, the same month he entered the White House, according to WikiLeaks.The existence of the 75,000 shares of Joule stock was first revealed by the Government Accountability Institute report issued last year.More and more people are beginning to believe Donald Trump is a secret Clinton operation designed to get Hillary elected. Trump is, after all, the only Republican nominee who was a lifelong Democrat and Clinton […]A former FBI assistant director who served during Bill Clinton’s presidency said Hillary Clinton should be “shot by firing squad for treason.“ James Kallstrom, known for leading the 1996 investigation into the explosion of TWA flight 800, […]According to the FBI, Hillary Clinton may have lost the presidential election due to a simple typo made by a contractor working for the DNC. According to The New York Times, FBI officials were desperate […]








An NBC news report claims that Hillary Clinton, while secretary of state, shut down an investigation into an elite pedophile ring in State Department ranks in order to avoid scandal and protect the careers of high ranking officials and an ambassador. The NBC investigation was broadcast at a time when they were a real news organization rather than a branch of the Democratic Party’s PR department, and provided internal State Department memos to back up claims of a massive Hillary Clinton elite pedophile ring cover-up.“Serious allegations concerning the State Department,” the NBC anchor announced, before launching into the disturbing details that mainstream media would be unable to report on in 2017.“According to internal State Department memos the agency might have called off or intervened into investigations into possibly illegal, inappropriate behavior within it’s ranks allegedly to protect jobs and avoid scandals.“This concerns a time when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.”“There is an old saying in Washington that the cover-up is worse than the crime. But in this case both parts of it are disturbing,” Chuck Todd continued.“Allegations of prostitution and pedophilia, and allegations that those crimes were somehow covered up or not looked into. So the State Department this morning is having to respond to those claims, and those investigations involve misconduct by State Department officials, including an Ambassador and security agents attached to then secretary of state, Hillary Clinton. “The allegations are that these investigations were whitewashed, quashed altogether, and that those orders came from high up.”“NBC has obtained documents relating to ongoing investigations into some disturbing allegations involving State Department personnel and at least one ambassador. A State Department memo says, quote, “the Ambassador routinely ditched his protective security detail in order to solicit sexual favors from both prostitutes and minor children. “The memo also says a top State Department official directed State Department investigators to “cease the investigation” into the ambassador’s conduct.” It’s just one of what another document describes as “several examples of undue influence” from top State Department officials.”Elite pedophile ringIn contrast to Clinton’s cover-up, President Trump has announced a federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking earlier this month and promised to help put an end to the “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place.”The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct “the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies” to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation.Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government “for some time” but since taking office in January the investigation has become “much more focused.”“It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.”Author A.J. Jacobs and a team of researchers with genealogy web sites myheritage.com and geni.com have developed a family tree proving that Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are distant cousins. The two presidential candidates also […]John Podesta has accused “forces within the FBI” of helping Donald Trump win the US election. In his first interview since the election in November, Clinton’s campaign chief said that “forces within the FBI wanted […]Day 3 of the Wisconsin recount has resulted in Hillary Clinton losing a staggering 18,422 votes, resulting in a huge victory for Donald Trump.  According to new figures released by the Wisconsin Board of Elections […]








A $20 million Harvard University project will send aerosol injections up into the earth’s stratosphere, in the world’s biggest chemtrails experiment on the public to date. Two US scientists say they hope to solve the problem of global warming by conducting the world’s biggest and most expensive solar geoengineering project within the next few weeks.The aim of the program is to establish whether chemtrail technology can simulate the atmospheric cooling effects of a volcanic eruoption, in a desperate attempt to halt climate change.“This is not the first or the only university study,” said Gernot Wagner, the one of the project’s co-founders, “but it is most certainly the largest, and the most comprehensive.”Technologyreview.com reports:The basic idea is that spraying certain types of particles into the stratosphere could help reflect more heat back into space. Scientists believe it could work because nature already does it. Large volcanic eruptions in the past have blasted tens of millions of tons of sulfur dioxide into the sky, which contributed to lower global temperatures in subsequent months.What’s less clear is how precisely the technique could control worldwide temperatures, what materials would work best, and what the environmental side effects might be. Notably, previous volcanic eruptions have also decreased precipitation levels in parts of the world, and sulfur dioxide is known to deplete the protective ozone layer.Keith has previously used computer modeling to explore the possibility of using other materials that may have a neutral impact on ozone, including diamond dust and alumina. Late last year, he, Keutsch, and others published a paper that found using calcite, a mineral made up of calcium carbonate, “may cool the planet while simultaneously repairing the ozone layer.”The balloon tests could provide additional insight into how these chemicals actually interact with precursors to ozone in the real world and offer additional information that could help refine their understanding of solar geoengineering, he says: “You have to go measure things in the real world because nature surprises you.”Keith stresses that it’s too early to say whether any geoengineering technologies should ever be deployed. But he has argued for years that research should move ahead to better understand their capabilities and dangers, because it’s possible they could significantly reduce the risks of climate change. He stressed that the experiments would have negligible environment impacts, as they will involve no more than a kilogram of materials.Funding for the initial experiments would come from grants that Harvard provided Keith and Keutsch as new professors. Additional funds may come from Harvard’s Solar Geoengineering Research Program, a multidisciplinary effort launching this spring to study feasibility, risks, ethics, and governance issues surrounding geoengineering. As of press time, it had raised more than $7 million from Microsoft cofounder Bill Gates, the Hewlett Foundation, the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, Harvard-internal funds, and other philanthropists.Geoengineering critics argue that the climate system is too complex to meddle with, that the environmental risks are too high, or that even talking about technological “fixes” could ease pressure to cut greenhouse gas emissions.Only two known geoengineering experiments have been carried out in the open air to  date: University of California, San Diego, researchers sprayed salt particles off the coast of California as part of the E-PEACE experiment in 2011, and scientists in Russia dispersed sulfate particles from a helicopter and car in 2009. The so called SPICE experiment in the United Kingdom was quickly scuttled in 2012, following public criticism and conflict of interest accusations after several of the scientists applied for a related patent.In an earlier interview, Jane Long, a former associate director at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, stressed that researchers moving forward with geoengineering experiments need to go to great lengths to ensure proper public notification, opportunities for input, and appropriate oversight, particularly if they’re relying on private funds. But she said it’s time to begin seriously studying the technology’s potential given the growing dangers of climate change.“We should have started a decade ago,” she said. “It’s critical to know as much as we can as soon as we can.”The American government are considering administering a flu vaccine across the entire country via aerosol spraying – otherwise known as chemtrails.  The ineffective FluMist nasal spray will be reformulated in order to spray untold amounts of […]  This is a  must watch. A powerful and well documented talk by Dane Wiginton about geoengineering and its numerous cataclysmic ramifications. Statement by Geoengineering Expert, Dane Wigington: “The western US is under an all-out […]‘The once “Golden State” is literally being fried by what can only be considered an all out weather warfare assault. Our own governments ongoing climate engineering programs are wreaking havoc on American populations. The constant […]








Mysterious ‘Doomsday Trumpet’ sounds were heard across the UK skies this week, as an eerie recording of the sky noises went viral on the internet.Calvin Kirlew from in Nottingham, England, says he recorded the strange phenomena from his bedroom window on Tuesday night, which appears to capture loud trumpet-like noises coming from the sky above him.This isn’t the first time strange sounds in the sky, known as ‘sky trumpets’, have been recorded by members of the public. At the beginning of 2016, citizens in the Netherlands reported hearing strange sounds in the sky, as videos flooded the internet from other users across Europe who witnessed similar events.During the US presidential election last year, mysterious trumpet sounds were heard across the globe following Trump’s win, sparking internet users to suggest that the sounds were some kind of warning about a coming apocalypse, as foretold by religious texts.Mirror.co.uk reports:The sound, which has been described as grinding metal or trumpets, has been heard in other countries such as America, Bulgaria and Sweden but also in the UK and has been confusing people for a number of years.Mr Kirlew, a 24-year-old who works in marketing, told the Nottingham Post : “I was amazed I actually managed to get it recorded.“It was going on for about five or 10 minutes before I started recording and then it carried on for about another 30 minutes.”Mr Kirlew added”: “It was coming from the direction of the Victoria Centre but from the sky. I was at home with my partner and we could both hear it – it was really weird.”A number of theories have attempted to explain the strange phenomenon, including the movement of tectonic plates or jet streams.Mr Kirlew added: “On the video I am quite shocked. It was strange. I messaged my friend who lives in Wollaton but he said he couldn’t hear it. I have no idea what it might be.”The eerie sounds have been heard at all different times and locations for almost a decade.The first video of the noise was in posted in 2008 when a user recorded the night sky in Belarus.That same year, another anonymous user shared the ‘ear-deafening’ sounds that they insisted ‘were not a hoax,’ from a quiet neighbourhood believed to be in the U.S.For years now, sightings and videos of strange trumpet noises in the sky have baffled people across the globe. According to Ryot [1]: People across the world have reported hearing ‘trumpet sounds‘ coming from the […]We have reported many times over the years about bizarre, trumpet-like or metallic-like sounds that began emanating from the sky starting in 2012. Since then, thousands of people from across the globe have posted videos […]West Island residents in Montreal, Canada were intrigued and slightly creeped out last week by mysterious trumpeting sounds that seemed to come from the sky. There has been no explanation as to what could have […]








Investigative reporter Peter Shcweizer has obtained proof that Clinton campaign chair John Podesta illegally received over one billion rubles ($45 million dollars) from Russia.  Schweizer claims Podesta has “a very interesting relationship with Russia, going back to […]Russia has accused NATO of manufacturing the opioid crisis in Afghanistan, claiming that the United States  directly benefits from the opium trade.  According to Russian diplomat, Sergey Lavrov, NATO is working with drug producers and traffickers […]A major New York firm is set to become the first in America to lay off a large percentage of its staff, replacing them with Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) The World’s largest money management firm, BlackRock, […]A Roman Catholic diocese in Montana has filed for bankruptcy following a ruling that found that church was responsible for over 400 incidents of child abuse. According to church officials, the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings is […]Scientists in Norway have confirmed a link between narcolepsy and the flu vaccine, according to a study conducted at the Norwegian Institute of Public Health.  The study found that there was an increased risk of narcolepsy among children […]Newly leaked CDC emails reveal that the Obama administration in collusion with Hillary Clinton’s State Department covered up a massive cholera outbreak in Haiti that killed over 10,000 people.  In October 2010, UN peacekeepers from […]Astronomers have been left baffled by a mysterious flash of X-rays captured by Nasa’s Chandra X-ray Observatory in deep space.  The source of the flash is in a region of the sky known as the […]Adorable grandpa, Bernie Sanders, defends voters who supported Donald Trump for President, telling a rally in Boston: “Some people think the people who voted for Trump are racists and sexists and homophobes and deplorable folks. I don’t […]Despite an international ban on commercial whale hunting and appeals from animal rights groups, a Japanese fleet has returned to port with the carcasses of 333 whales. The minke whales were harpooned in the Antarctic […]








A sign protesting a recent North Carolina law restricting transgender bathroom access is seen in the bathroom stalls at the 21C Museum Hotel in Durham, North Carolina May 3, 2016.
A new study has suggested that the North Carolina's controversial bathroom bill could cost the state $3.76 billion in lost business over 12 years.The analysis by The Associated Press (AP) was based on data obtained from businesses and state officials regarding projects that were canceled or relocated because of the law known as HB2.Following the passage of the bill, companies such as PayPal, Adidas and CoStar withdrew plans to expand their businesses in the state. Several sporting events, conventions and concerts have also been canceled because of the controversial law.The report from AP stated that North Carolina could lose hundreds of millions more because the NCAA is avoiding the state, which has been a favored host until the law went into effect. The sporting organization will be announcing the sites for various championships through 2022, but it would not include North Carolina as long as the law stands.Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said that business leaders have backed out of projects and events in the state because of the controversy, and he shared his concern that similar decisions are being quietly made by other businesses.In response to the AP report, Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper said: "We now know that, based on conservative estimates, North Carolina's economy stands to lose nearly $4 billion because of House Bill 2. That means fewer jobs and less money in the pockets of middle class families. We need to fix this now."Other reports, however, indicated that the nation's ninth most populous state has a healthy economy. According to the federal government, based on quarterly gross domestic product, North Carolina had the 10th fastest-growing economy six months after the law's passage.Supporters of HB2 have said that they are willing to absorb the costs to the state's economy if the law protects women and girls from sexual predators posing as transgender individuals.Texas is also considering a legislation intended at governing public facilities in the state.Earlier this month, North Carolina Lt. Gov. Dan Forest told Texas lawmakers ahead of the Texas Privacy Act's first public hearing that the losses resulting from the boycotts have not made much of an impact on the state's $500 billion annual GDP. He also noted that North Carolina has been ranked by Forbes as the second best state in the country to do business in 2016."The effect is minimal to the state. Our economy is doing well. Don't be fooled by the media," Forest told Texas legislators.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








The North Carolina House has passed a law that would allow gun owners to carry firearms in schools during church service.
The North Carolina House of Representatives passed a legislation that would allow concealed weapons in religious schools that are also used for church services.The state House voted 82–34 on Monday to approve House Bill 174, which would allow handguns at K-12 schools used for church activities when no other school-related activities are being held. Only people with concealed handgun permits would be allowed to carry weapons inside the schools, according to The News & Observer.During a committee hearing last week, Reps. Darren Jackson (D-Wake) and Graig Meyer (D-Orange) shared their concern that the proposal could cause problems for public schools that rent out space for church services on evenings or weekends.Rep. Rena Turner, the bill's sponsor, added an amendment on Monday that would exempt public schools "owned by a local board of education or county commission," even if they were rented for a church service.The amendment dropped a requirement for permit holders to obtain prior authorization from the schools to carry concealed weapons. During the debate last week, Rep. Dean Arp (R-Union) argued that the written authorization would just add to the paperwork for concealed carry permit holders. He stated that schools merely need to post signs if they want to keep guns off their premises."The universal answer is, if you don't want it on your property, just post it," he said.The amendment was passed 114–1, and the legislation is now headed to the Senate.Turner said that the legislation was requested by a church in her district. She said that some members were worried that the church would be targeted by terrorists because of its overseas missions."They feel particularly vulnerable at their services. They want their security team to be able to protect their parishioners if there should be an emergency," she said.Current state law prohibits weapons from all school properties but allows legal gun owners to keep their weapons inside parked cars.Democratic Rep. Susan Fisher said that she finds Turner's proposal troubling."In general, I am opposed to gun proliferation especially around neighborhoods," she said. "I think that it really presents a danger. The more guns we have, the more dangerous it is. ... This opens the door to all kinds of risks as I see it," she continued.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Assumption, Santiago de Cuba
Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.There are still restrictions against building new churches in Cuba, but it has not stopped the expansion of evangelical churches, with tens of thousands of Cubans worshipping across the island each week without government interference."There's a revival of these churches, of the most diverse denominations in the country, and all of them are growing, not just in the number of members, but in their capacity to lead and act in society," said Presbyterian pastor Joel Ortega Dopico. "There is religious freedom in Cuba," he added.Dopico, the president of the officially recognized Council of Churches of Cuba, currently leads 32 Protestant denominations.Cuba's softening stance on religion was due in part to Rev. Juan Francisco Naranjo, who was sent to two years of work camp in the 1960s for preaching the Gospel. He was one of the pastors who met with Fidel Castro to push for more religious freedom, and his church worked to build ties between religious groups and the Communist Party.Naranjo died in 2000, but his church is now providing treatments for disabled children, and the Sunday service is packed and noisy.According to clergy and academics, Cuba's population of 11 million include some 40,000 Methodists, 100,000 Baptists and 120,000 members of the Assemblies of God, which only had about 10,000 members during the early 1990s, when the government started easing restrictions on religious expression.Religious freedom in Cuba is one of the key demands that will be made by U.S. President Donald Trump's administration after it finishes its review of former President Barack Obama's opening with the Communist country, according to The Associated Press.Some outside groups have accused the communist regime of systematically repressing the growing ranks of evangelicals and other Protestants through seizures and demolitions of hundreds of churches across the island.The Communist government now recognizes freedom of religion, but it still does not allow new churches or other religious structures to be built in the country. Members of churches that have been demolished in recent years continue to meet in makeshift home sanctuaries.In 2016, the advocacy group Christian Solidarity Worldwide (CSW) accused the Cuban government of committing 2,380 violations of religious liberty. The group alleged that the government had declared as many as 2,000 Assemblies of God churches illegal, with 1,400 being in the process of confiscation.However, Juan Whitaker, the Assemblies of God's treasurer in Cuba, told AP that none of its churches have been declared illegal or at risk of confiscation.David Ellis, regional director for Latin America and the Caribbean for world missions of the Missouri-based General Council of the Assemblies of God, also clarified that none of its churches have been confiscated."We are in ongoing contact with the Cuba Assemblies of God leadership and they have not reported any churches being confiscated. Neither have they reported that churches have been threatened with confiscation," said Ellis.Kiri Kankhwende, a spokeswoman for CSW, said that the advocacy group has not changed its assessment on Cuba and that statements to the contrary could be explained by official pressure on the churches.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








A worker stands next to a newly built section of the U.S.-Mexico border fence at Sunland Park, U.S. opposite the Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez, Mexico.
The Catholic Archdiocese of Mexico said on Sunday that Mexican companies interested in working on U.S. President Donald Trump's border wall should be considered as traitors to their own country.In an editorial titled "Treason against the Homeland," the archdiocese noted that several Mexican companies have expressed plans to supply materials or help build the proposed wall.The archdiocese sought to pressure the Mexican government to take a tougher stance against companies that are willing to profit from the border wall."Any company that intends to invest in the fanatic Trump wall would be immoral, but above all, their owners and shareholders will be considered traitors to the homeland," said the editorial published in the Archdiocese's weekly publication Desde la Fe.Economy Secretary Ildefonso Guajardo stated in a meeting with steel companies last week that the government has no plans in enforcing restrictions against businesses. However, he warned that the companies will be judged by Mexicans who will base their future buying decisions on "which brands are loyal to the national identity, and which are not.""I think your prestige will align with your own interests in not participating in the wall," he told the steel companies, according to The Associated Press.Trump has previously stated that Mexico would pay for the proposed wall, but the Mexican government denied that it will do so.The editorial, which was published online, warned that the barrier would only feed prejudice and discrimination."In practice, signing up for a project that is a serious affront to dignity is shooting yourself in the foot," it stated.It is unclear exactly how many Mexican companies are interested in building the wall, but Grupo Cementos de Chihuahua, a company specializing in construction materials, has expressed its willingness to work on the project. Mexican cement maker Cemex stated that it could provide quotes for raw materials for the wall but noted that it will not participate in the bidding process.Meanwhile, California Governor Jerry Brown also expressed his opposition to the barrier, saying it is not a "Christian thing" to build it in order to stop undocumented immigrants from entering the U.S. In an interview with NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday, the governor said that the immigrants are "children of God," and "They should be treated that way."A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Gay-straight alliance board
Canada's education minister David Eggen has issued an order to two private Christian schools in Edmonton, asking them to allow students to form gay-straight alliance (GSA) groups upon request.The ministerial order, issued on Thursday, was directed to Meadows Baptist Academy in Edmonton and Harvest Baptist Academy in Parkland County north of Spruce Grove."We are committed to welcoming, caring, respectful and safe schools for all students," Eggen told CBC, "We will never waver on that. Students in Alberta have the right to establish a gay-straight alliance or queer-straight alliance and to name it as such — it's the law," he added.The order was based on a November 2016 report by Edmonton lawyer Dan Scott, who recommended that the schools be required to update their policies to allow GSAs or appoint a trustee to oversee the task in case the school's governing body refused.The report, which was released publicly on Thursday, also recommended for Eggen to revoke the school's accreditation at the end of the 2017 school year if they do not allow students to organize GSAs. However, Scott said that the minister must "balance the requirements of the legislation with the rights and needs of the students."Scott's report noted that canceling the accreditation of the schools could cause disruption to the students as well as the loss of employment for up to 13 teachers and other staff.Eggen said that the ministerial order should send a message to all schools that the government will "pursue the letter of the law" when it comes to the treatment of LGBT students."The order demands that they follow Alberta law," the minister said. "Students deserve to feel supported in their schools and our government will do everything in our power to ensure that," he added.In March 2015, the legislature approved an initiative that required Alberta schools to allow GSAs and to create an inclusive environment for students and staff. The law also mandates the schools to adopt a code of conduct prohibiting discrimination based on gender identity or sexual orientation. However, it does not apply to private schools.Scott said that different standard for public and private schools "poses an obvious problem." In his report, he suggested that Eggen should amend the School Act to change that inequity.Pastor Brian Coldwell, the chairman of the Independent Baptist Christian Education Society, which oversees the schools, refused to comment on the ministerial order and referred inquiries to his legal counsel. He had previously stated that the two schools will not comply with the law, calling it an attack on their faith.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Reverend Katie Hotze-Wilton signs a marriage license at a same-sex wedding ceremony at City Hall in St. Louis, Missouri November 5, 2014.
The Alabama Senate has passed a legislation that is aimed at eliminating the requirements for probate judges to sign marriage licenses.The measure, which was passed by a vote of 22–6 earlier this month, would amend Alabama law to remove the requirements for couples to obtain marriage licenses or have marriage ceremonies, World Magazine reported.Republican state Sen. Greg Albritton, the bill's sponsor, said that it would protect the religious liberty of probate judges and clergy who have moral objections to signing same-sex marriage licenses."It keeps the state from making the decision of who can and cannot get married. It prevents the state from that gatekeeper position," he said.Under Albritton's proposal, couples would file signed affidavits with a probate judge, who would be required to record the marriage, but not condone or authorize it. The notarized affidavit includes an affirmation that the spouses meet the legal requirements for marriage.Some conservatives were concerned that the legislation could threaten the sanctity of marriage. Two Republican state senators argued that the state should have a role in authorizing marriage and that eliminating the requirement for marriage licenses and ceremonies would reduce it to a contract between two parties.The bill was first proposed in 2015 after the Alabama Supreme Court and a federal court clashed over the legality of same-sex marriage in the state before the U.S. Supreme Court legalized it across the country. Some probate judges in Alabama have objected to issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples.Albritton said that Obergefell v. Hodges, the U.S. Supreme Court ruling that legalized gay marriage, was a "catalyst," but he said he wanted to bring uniformity to the issue."Right now you have in this state some who are doing it, and some who aren't. We need to get that unified," he said.The senator's bills have always been cleared in the Senate but failed in the House. He expects the legislation to be approved by the House Judiciary Committee, and he hopes that it would get a vote before the whole House this session.Alabama would be the first state to implement such a law if it passes, but Albritton maintained that his proposal is not a new idea."I am only going back to the way we were doing things about 100 years ago," he said, noting that marriages in Alabama were conducted and recorded in the probate office, just as his bill would require, before the state started issuing marriage licenses in the early 20th century.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Street protest calling for Sharia in Maldives in 2014.
The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Senate Bill 97, introduced by Keith Regier (R-Kalispell), was passed by the House last week largely along party lines by a vote of 56–44, Daily Inter Lake reported.The bill does not specifically mention Sharia, but it was often the focus of discussion during the debate. Democrats argued that the measure is motivated by fear and that it targets a specific religion."If you go back and listen to the testimony of the proponents of this bill in both the House and Senate, the legislative intent is crystal clear that it targets one religion," said Rep. Ellie Hill Smith (D-Missoula). "That this was a Shariah law bill. It's what every proponent had talked about," she added.Rep. Shane Morigeau (D-Missoula) expressed his concern that the legislation would send a dangerous message to minority groups who are living in Montana as well as those who come to visit the state.He also expressed concern that the measure could create problems for tribal governments in the state that have international agreements with tribal nations in Canada, including the Kootenai and Blackfeet tribes.Proponents of the bill said that it was intended to protect the freedom of religion and that it simply reinforces the Montana and U.S. constitutions."As far as being determined xenophobic, that's an insult. I'm not intolerant. This is not anti-Muslim." said Rep. Brad Tschida (R-Missoula).Smith, who said that testimony on the bill was "peppered with anti-Muslim bigotry," proposed an amendment that would ban both Sharia and the Law of Moses, but it was rejected by a vote of 82–18.Theresa Manzella (R-Hamilton) maintained that the measure was not intended to be a religious law."We are born with rights and government exists to protect those rights. We're given those rights as individuals and that's what makes us better than other countries that are based on collective rights," she said.Sharia, which utilizes religious texts to determine the divine will, is applied differently across the world. Saudi Arabia implements strict punishments such as stoning, while other countries use it in personal law such as marriage and divorce.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








A child was reportedly beaten and choked by her mother after she failed to recite Bible verses correctly.
A 41-year-old woman from Middletown, Pennsylvania was arrested by the police after she allegedly beat up and choked her daughter when she failed to recite Bible verses properly.Rhonda Kemp Shoffner was charged with aggravated assault against a child, strangulation, and terroristic threats following the incident that occurred on March 14.The victim, who was under the age of 13, said that Shoffner had been drunk for three days straight when she was assaulted, according to PennLive.Shoffner reportedly roused her daughter from a nap at around 3 p.m. and told her to call up several family members. When no one answered the calls, she told her daughter to get on her knees in the bathroom, which the victim said was a sign that she would be beaten.After the child got on her knees, Shoffner started quoting Bible verses, expecting the victim to repeat the lines word for word, according to the police.When the mother reportedly asked what God told the man to do with his son, the victim replied, "God said to forgive his son."Shoffner replied saying, "God told the man to kill his son," and slammed the child's head into the wall at least five times, the police said.The authorities narrated that the girl was kicked and abused by her mother each time she incorrectly recited a Bible verse or gave a wrong answer.Shoffner allegedly ordered the girl to lie down on the floor on her back and started strangling her. As the girl tried to fight her off, Shoffner bit her twice in the arm and shoulder."Just leave and don't ever come back," the mother shouted. The victim ran from the house and called her father, who took her to the police station.Shoffner, who is a member of several Christian Facebook groups, had a run-in with the law earlier this year when her neighbors reported a loud domestic dispute.When the authorities knocked on her door announcing themselves as the police, Shoffner leaned out the window half-naked and told them to leave. She gave them the middle finger and said that if they came through the door, she "got something for us," the police said.Following the incident, the police charged her with open lewdness and disorderly conduct. Shoffner is scheduled to appear before District Judge David Judy on March 29 for the preliminary hearings on both sets of charges. She is currently in jail on a $100,000 bond.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








People inspect burned shops after mortar shells landed in a market in the city of Mosul, Iraq, March 26, 2017.
As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.Eyewitnesses have said that ISIS has burned three women who refused to kill other residents who were caught fleeing the areas held by the group in Mosul.The witnesses said that a group of civilians was sentenced to death by the terrorist group for trying to escape from the Wadi Akab region. Three women were told to execute the civilians, but they were burned to death when they declined to carry out the order, Iraqi News reported, citing Shafaaq news website.ISIS has steadily lost much of its territory in Mosul, the group's last major stronghold in Iraq. The U.S.-backed campaign to liberate the city from the terror group has entered its sixth month, and it is believed that it would take a few more months to rid the city of the militants.Last Saturday, the U.S. military stated that as many as 200 civilians may have been killed as a result of an air strike on an ISIS-held area in Mosul. The announcement came after the Iraq government forces decided to suspend the operation to recapture the western part of the city due to the high rate of civilian casualties.Residents fleeing from Mosul's Old City have said that militants are hiding among the civilians and are using the narrow alleyways and streets to their advantage. The residents also pointed out that the insurgents have used civilians as human shields and opened fire on them as they tried to flee from ISIS-held areas.It is estimated that there are 400,000 civilians still trapped in the Old City, while as many as 600,000 civilians remain in Western Mosul."The worst is yet to come because 400,000 people trapped in the Old City in that situation of panic and penury may inevitably lead to the cork-popping somewhere, sometime, presenting us with a fresh outflow of large-scale proportions," said Bruno Geddo, a UNHCR representative in Iraq.Geddo noted the struggles of the people who are trying to survive in the city without electricity and food."People have started to burn furniture, old clothes, plastic, anything they can burn to keep warm at night, because it is still raining heavily and the temperatures at night in particular drop significantly," he said."We also heard stories of people running away under the cover of early morning fog, running away at night, of trying to run away at prayer time when the vigilance at ISIS checkpoints is lower," he added.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








The annual Christmas festival of lights display at the National Shrine of Our Lady of La Salette in North Attleboro, Massachusetts appears in a screen capture of a YouTube video.
Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court stated in its ruling on Wednesday that parts of the National Shrine of Our Lady of La Salette campus are subject to taxation as they do not fulfill a religious role.The 199-acre campus, located in the southeastern Massachusetts city of Attleboro includes a chapel, a retreat house and a popular exhibit of Christmas lights that attracts tens of thousands of visitors each year.The shrine stated that the full campus is used for religious purposes, and it has not paid property taxes in decades. However, in 2013, town officials said that four parts of the campus, including a welcome center, maintenance shed, as well as the wildlife refuge and shelter, should be taxed as they were not used for religious purposes. The full value of the campus was assessed at $13 million, about $5 million of which was taxable.The religious order paid the tax bill amounting to $92,000, but it turned to the courts to argue their case, America Magazine reported. The ruling on Wednesday was split, with the court stating that two of the four areas should be taxed.The court stated that the town incorrectly taxed the welcome center and the maintenance shed, which the justices said were used to carry out the shrine's religious worship and educational programs. The justices also noted that areas such as parking lots and fellowship halls have been historically exempt from property taxes even though they are not used for worship.Diane Tillotson, a lawyer representing the shrine, considered the justices' decision on that front as a victory."If you start looking at the activities in the church basement and saying, 'Well, you host coffee hour there and that's not really religious worship, so we're going to tax you for that portion of the building,' that could be devastating for churches throughout the commonwealth," Tillotson said.The city's bid to tax the shrine's gift shop and cafeteria was also rejected by the court."The fact that money earned from the cafeteria, bistro, and gift shop may help pay for the Shrine's expenses does not remove them from the realm of religious worship and instruction. Even a church cannot live on prayer alone," the justices wrote in their decision.The court ruled in favor of the town when it came to the wildlife refuge and shelter, noting that the two areas were eligible for taxation because they were used for charitable purposes not associated with religion.Tillotson and Cyriac Mattathilanickal, the priest who runs the shrine's retreat center, said that they do not agree with the court's characterization of charity being distinct from religion, but they stated that the shrine would still comply with the ruling.Local religious leaders, including Protestants, Jews, and Muslims, have filed a legal brief in support of the retreat center.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Ivanka Trump attends U.S. President Donald Trump's strategy and policy forum with chief executives of major U.S. companies at the White House in Washington, U.S. February 3, 2017.
Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.In an interview with Buzzfeed that was published on Friday, Richards noted that the presidential daughter's silence regarding the bill has been "defeaning" and said that "it's time for Ivanka to ... stand for women."Ivanka, who is said to be very influential to her father, President Donald Trump, has not spoken publicly about her stance on abortion or Planned Parenthood.Richards described the heath care bill as the "the most anti-woman bill that I have ever seen.""Any woman who votes for this bill is betraying every woman in America," she said, adding, "Women will not just lose their healthcare, but lose their lives over this bill."The measure included a provision that would have prohibited states from using federal funds on "prohibited entities," which includes organizations that "provides for abortions."Trump issued an ultimatum on Republicans to vote on the bill on Friday, but Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan failed to round up 216 votes to pass the legislation.Ryan and the president worked overtime to make last-minute changes to the bill and to convince Republicans to support it. However, House Republicans had to pull the legislation due to lack of support from conservatives who thought that the changes did not go far enough to repeal Obamacare.Trump had recently made an offer to keep funding Planned Parenthood if it would stop performing abortions, but the organization rejected the proposal. After the release of the American Health Care Act, Planned Parenthood sent an email to its supporters to warn them about the bill."The threat we've been warning about has just hit the House of Representatives. Republican leadership introduced a bill that would cut millions of patients off from care at Planned Parenthood health center," the email stated.The U.S. Senate has paved the way for a vote on defunding Planned Parenthood in early January by approving a budget resolution bill. According to Life News, the resolution is the first step in the process to redirect the organization's taxpayer funding to other health care entities and repeal Obamacare using the budget reconciliation procedure.Recent polls have suggested that most Americans are in favor of defunding Planned Parenthood. A new survey has revealed that 56 percent of Americans in battleground states want the organization to be stripped of its taxpayer funding.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








A tablet displaying the Ten Commandments, located on the grounds of the Texas State Capitol.
The Oklahoma House of Representatives has approved a legislation that would allow the display of the Ten Commandments and other historically significant documents on public property.The bill known as H.B. 2177, proposed by Rep. John Bennett (R-Sallisaw) in January, was approved by the House last Tuesday by a vote of 79–11.Under the legislation, documents such as the Magna Carta, Mayflower Compact, Declaration of Independence, United States Constitution, Bill of Rights and the Oklahoma Constitution would be allowed to be displayed on public grounds.Documents from other religions, such as Islam and Satanism, will not be included as the bill only applies to the display of historical documents that are influential in the founding of the state or country, according to Christian News Network.The measure could possibly allow the Ten Commandments monument to return to the State Capitol.In 2015, the Oklahoma Supreme Court forced the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the State Capitol, stating that the display was unconstitutional. The monument was eventually removed in 2016 following months of lawsuits launched by groups that claimed the location of the display violated local laws and constitutional provisions against government support of a religion.Last November, Oklahoma voters failed to support State Question 790, which would have allowed the Ten Commandments monument to be displayed on the grounds of the State Capitol. The question was aimed at removing a part of the state constitution that prohibits the use of state resources for religious purposes.H.B. 2177 was opposed by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), which argued that it elevates Christianity and alienates unbelievers."Continued attempts to place a religious monument on the capitol grounds sully the deeply held beliefs of many Oklahomans, marginalize people of minority faiths and those of no faith at all, and amount to a monumental waste of time and money," ACLU executive director Ryan Kiesel told Red Dirt Report."Regardless of what Rep. Bennett and other supporters of this misguided effort may claim, their actual intention is to elevate, for their own political advantage, an interpretation of one single faith above other faiths and above the conscience of those who have no religious faith at all," he continued.The legislation authorizes the Oklahoma attorney general to "prepare and present a legal defense of the display" should its constitutionality be challenged in court. The measure is now headed to the Oklahoma Senate for consideration.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Pop singer Katy Perry, who is famous for the 2008 hit song "I Kissed a Girl," said that she tried to "pray the gay away at Jesus camps" during her teenage years.During her speech at the Human Rights Campaign's (HRC) Los Angeles gala dinner at JW Marriott L.A. Live in downtown Los Angeles, she revealed that she did more than just kiss a girl and said that she spoke about her fantasies in "little, bite-sized pop songs" similar to the 2008 hit song."Truth be told: A) I did more than that, but B) How was I going to reconcile that with the gospel singing girl raised in youth groups that [was] pro-conversion camps? What I did know is that I was curious, and even then, I knew that sexuality wasn't as black and white as this dress," said Perry, who received HRC's National Equality Award at the event.Perry, who began her singing career as a Gospel artist at age 15, said that she was brought up to know that homosexual behavior was wrong, and she prayed to resist such temptations when she was a teenager."Most of my unconscious adolescence, I prayed the gay away at my Jesus camps," she remarked.The pop singer noted that she began to change when she got into the music industry and met more members of the LGBT community, The Christian Post reported."They were the most free, strong, kind and inclusive people I have ever met. They stimulated my mind and they filled my heart with joy, and they freaking danced all the while doing it," she said.In a previous interview with CCM Magazine, Perry revealed that one of her musical influences was Keith Green, who was known for being a bold witness for Christ in his songs. However, she signed with the secular label Capitol Records and later announced that she no longer professed to be a Christian.Her parents, Keith and Mary Hudson, said that they do not agree with all the choices Perry has made during her career. They still try to express some support for the pop singer by attending award shows with her. Last year, they asked the Christian community to pray for their daughter and not judge her.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








A logo of Twitter is pictured next to the logo of Facebook in this September 23, 2014 illustration photo in Sarajevo.
The Pakistani government has said that it has asked social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter to remove content deemed insulting to Islam.The interior ministry has claimed that Facebook has agreed to send a team to Pakistan to address the government's concerns about blasphemous content on the website."Such content has been posted on social media websites for years. I am surprised that no other Muslim country raised the issue till now," Interior Minister Chaudhary Nisar said at a press conference in Islamabad on Thursday."We will take any steps necessary to make sure that our message against such content gets across to those websites as well as the rest of the world," he added.Earlier that day, the Pakistani National Assembly passed a resolution condemning blasphemy on social media and unanimously approved a proposal to create a committee of parliamentary leaders to monitor blasphemous content, according to Dawn news website.Nisar's statement came after Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif expressed his support for a crackdown against blasphemous content on social media."The blasphemous content on social media is a nefarious conspiracy to hurt the religious sentiments of the entire Muslim ummah," Sharif was quoted as saying in a statement posted on his party's official Twitter account.Nisar stated that he has asked government officials to liaise with the FBI and the social media websites on a daily basis."Facebook and other service providers should share all information about the people behind this blasphemous content with us," Nisar said.Facebook has not issued any public comments about a delegation being sent to Pakistan but said in a statement that it viewed government requests with care keeping in mind "the goal of protecting the privacy and rights" of its users.Critics have said that the latest move is just a way to crackdown on dissent.A petition has been filed in the Islamabad high Court against five activists, accusing them of running pages on Facebook that had posted content deemed to be blasphemous.The men were abducted in early January and were accused of blasphemy in a vast social media campaign during their three-week disappearance. However, no evidence has been shared directly linking the men to the Facebook pages in question.Ahmed Waqas Goraya, one of the abducted activists, has since spoken publicly about being "tortured" by the military during his disappearance.Shaukat Siddiqui, the judge hearing the case in Islamabad, recently asked the government to take steps to "eliminate" blasphemous content, even if it involves "blocking entire social media."A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








People chant slogans during a gathering to mark the death anniversary of Mumtaz Qadri, who was executed for murdering a popular governor over his call to reform the country's blasphemy laws. March 1, 2017.
The BBC issued an apology after a post asking "What is the right punishment for blasphemy?" on the broadcaster's Asian Network Twitter account sparked outrage on social media.The BBC's Asian Network posted the tweet in an attempt to promote a debate about blasphemy on social media. Shazia Awan, the local presenter, explained in an accompanying video that Pakistan had recently called on Facebook to help the government crack down on blasphemous content on its website."Is this the right way to handle blasphemy? Or do you think that freedom of speech should trump all else?" Awan asked.The post was criticized by several human rights campaigners and secularist organizations who challenged the premise that blasphemy should carry any punishment.Iranian-born secularist and human rights campaigner Maryam Namazie said that the tweet was "disgraceful," while the National Secularism Society described it as "absolutely appalling."Following criticisms on social media, the network posted an apology, saying the question was "poorly worded" and that it was never intended to imply that blasphemy should be punished.Under Pakistan's blasphemy laws, anyone found guilty of insulting Islam or Muhammad can be sentenced to death, according to The Guardian.Last week, Interior Minister Chaudhary Nisar said that an official in Pakistan's Washington embassy has asked Twitter and Facebook to help identify Pakistanis who shared content deemed offensive to Islam.According to the interior ministry, Facebook has agreed to send a team to address the government's concerns about blasphemous content on its website.The social media giant has not issued any public comment regarding a delegation being sent to Pakistan, but it said in a statement that it viewed government requests with care, keeping in mind "the goal of protecting the privacy and rights" of its users."We disclose information about accounts solely in accordance with our terms of service and applicable law. A Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty or other formal request may be required for international requests, and we include these in our Government Requests Report," the statement said.Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif expressed his support for a crackdown on blasphemy, saying it is an "unpardonable offense.""The blasphemous content on social media is a nefarious conspiracy to hurt the religious sentiments of the entire Muslim ummah," the prime minister was quoted as saying.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Elizabeth Johnston, also known as "The Activist Mommy," appears in a screen capture of a video from her YouTube channel.
A Christian video blogger, whose Facebook page was suspended last month for her posts highlighting her Biblical views about homosexuality, has claimed that her page is still being censored even after the social media giant issued an apology over the issue.Elizabeth Johnston, who runs the popular Facebook page "The Activist Mommy," told CBN News last week that her followers are still having difficulties in accessing her page."People are contacting me saying, 'I cannot access your page at all--my app shuts down when I click on your page.' They say, 'I cannot share your page--there are no share buttons on your videos' or 'I cannot like your page--when I like your page and I go back the next day it is unliked,'" Johnston said.A spokesperson for Facebook said that Johnston has already brought up the issue with the company, and a representative is working with her to resolve the problem."We are actively looking into the issues that have been raised. Facebook is a platform for all ideas--we want people of all different perspectives and viewpoints to feel welcome to share their thoughts on Facebook," the spokesperson told CBN News.Johnston's page was suspended for three days on Feb. 9 due to a comment she posted six months earlier, in which she cited Bible verses that described homosexuality as a "detestable" sin and an "abomination."The comment was made in response to another Facebook user who accused Christians of hypocrisy for condemning homosexuality.When Johnston regained access to her account on Feb. 12, she published a post explaining to her followers that her Facebook page had been suspended. However, the social media company also removed the Feb. 12 post and froze her account for another seven days.After news of Johnston's account suspension broke, Facebook issued an apology, saying her page had been frozen by "mistake."Johnston, who has more than 76,000 followers, said she understands that Facebook is a private company and that it has no obligation to uphold free speech standards. But she objected to the claims that the popular social media website is unbiased. She asserted that Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is using the platform "to further his personal political, religious and globalist agenda."A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Singer Katy Perry performs at a concert commemorating the Special Olympics at the White House in Washington, July 31, 2014.
Katy Perry is closer to owning the Los Feliz convent in California after the two nuns who wanted to prevent her from purchasing the property lost their appeal last week.The Los Angeles County Superior Court ruled on Tuesday that the nuns, Sister Rita Callanan, 78, and Sister Rose Catherine Holzman, 86, cannot block the sale of the convent to Perry.In a bid to prevent the Los Angeles Diocese from selling the convent to Perry, the two nuns, who belong to Order of the Immaculate Heart of the Blessed Virgin Mary, negotiated the sale to property developer Dana Hollister, who wanted to turn the eight-acre property into a boutique hotel, according to Court House News.Perry, who offered to pay $14.5 million for the villa, entered the legal battle through her company Birds Nest and accused Hollister of manipulating the nuns. In a September 2015 court filing, Perry said that she would preserve the convent as a "residential oasis" and would allow the sisters to stay for up to two years.Prior to the court ruling, the nuns expressed their disdain for Perry's lifestyle and accused her of being involved in witchcraft."I do not like Katy Perry's lifestyle. I have a lot of the things from the internet to show the Archdiocese what kind of woman she was. Some of the things she does are disgusting," Callanan told the Daily Mail earlier this month.The nuns called in a Signatura, the highest judicial authority at the Vatican, to intervene in the case after the Archbishop Jose Gomez filed a case against them in civil court."We have a lawyer in Rome. I just don't think the pope will let the archbishop sell to Katy Perry," Callanan said at the time.However, Judge Stephanie Bowick ruled against the nuns after a Vatican decree in court records confirmed that the archbishop controls the property and has governing authority over the religious order which the two sisters belong to.The archdiocese said that the other nuns in the religious order opposed the attempts to block the sale of the property, which was given to the institute 45 years ago.Gomez's attorney, Michael Hennigan, said he was pleased with the ruling, although he expects more court hearings."It's always been our objective to try to protect the nuns and this was a horrible deal that got done, that the judge has now declared invalid," said Hennigan, referring to the nuns' attempt to sell the property to Hollister.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








The entrance to Rollins College appears in a screen capture of a video from the school's YouTube channel.
A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Marshall Polston, a 21-year-old sophomore student at Rollins College in Florida, was reportedly suspended from the school and ordered not to appear on campus after he challenged the professor's assertions.Polston said that Areeje Zufari, the professor of Middle Eastern Humanities class, had claimed that Jesus's crucifixion was a hoax and that his disciples did not believe that he was a God.After challenging the professor's claims during a class discussion, Polston reportedly received a 52 percent on a major essay, but Zufari never explained why she gave him the failing grade."I was upset, understandably. I've never gotten anything less than straight A's, so I was really interested in figuring out how to possibly improve or at least understand the grade," Polston told Central Florida Post.In another class discussion, Polston said that one male Muslim student suggested that gays and adulterers should be beheaded under Sharia Law."I spoke out to the professor about the grade and subsequently the decapitation comments made by the student," Polston told The College Fix."The statement by the conservative Muslim student met such fear by some that one of the students reported it to the FBI," he added.Zufari reportedly canceled her class and filed a complaint with the Dean of Safety, claiming that Polston made her feel "unsafe.""The situation was surreal. We've already had one too many attacks in Orlando and as an avid traveler I realized this was the perfect example of 'see something, say something,'" Polston went on to say.The suspension letter, dated March 24, stated that the student's actions constituted a "threat of disruption" within the school, but it did not specifically mention the alleged actions. The letter instructed Polston not to set foot on the campus or have any contact with Zufari.The professor later filed a police report, claiming that Polston violated the order by showing up in class to harass her. However, the student denied the allegation and said that he was with his grandfather and traveling to Daytona Beach when the class was being held.Polston has also offered video footage of him purchasing food at the time of the class at a restaurant over half-an-hour away from the school.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Displaced people who fled Islamic State militants from Mosul walk past at Deepaka camp in the northwest of Erbil, during an operation to attack Islamic State militants in Mosul, Iraq, October 20, 2016.
The Islamic State terror group has kidnapped nearly 200 children to use as human shields as Iraqi forces continue to advance toward the territories held by the militants in Mosul.According to the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights, 197 children have been taken hostage by ISIS militants near the Al-Nuri mosque in west Mosul. Sources have said that the terror group intends to use the children as human shields to thwart the efforts of Iraqi troops to retake the city.The military operation to liberate western Mosul was recently suspended by the Iraqi forces due to the increasing number of civilian casualties, according to Iraqi News.Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, the top U.S. general in Baghdad, said on Tuesday that ISIS militants in Mosul may have herded civilians into a building as human shields just before the March 17 airstrike that killed over 100 people.Townsend said that ISIS may have also set booby traps and other bombs inside the building to set off secondary explosions. He insisted that one coalition bomb "should not have collapsed an entire building."The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights revealed in a statement on Saturday that around 4,000 civilians have died as a result of the battle to liberate the western part of the city.Iraqi Brig. Gen. Thaer al-Mosawi stated last week that as many as 3,846 civilians have died since the start of the operation on west Mosul in Mid-February. Over 22,000 civilians have been injured in the conflict, and more than 10,000 homes have been destroyed, according to al-Mosawi.On Sunday, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi claimed that ISIS will be defeated in the country "within weeks," but he acknowledged that the militants would continue to exist until it is completely eradicated in Syria and the Middle East."At the moment we are at a very important juncture where Daesh is on the retreat. We in Iraq have been killing Daesh, removing them from our land. We are killing their aim so that recruits are minimal at the moment," the prime minister said."In Iraq the defeat is sure, it's definite. We'll finish the job in a very short time – it's within reach...within the next few weeks. We are defeating them militarily...we need the efforts of others to flush them out in Syria and other places," he continued.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








The Arkansas Society of Freethinkers has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would recognize the Bible as the official book in the state.
A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.Earlier this month, the Arkansas House of Representatives passed a resolution that would recognize any version of the Bible as the official state book.The resolution, introduced by Rep. Dwight Tosh (R-Jonesboro), states that the Bible is "considered by many to be a book of truth," and the laws contained in the book form the "basis upon which our modern civilization is structured.""This book represents what we represent ... the truth. Our society is founded on Christian principles and the Bible played a major part," said Tosh.In an interview with KATV's "Talk Business and Politics," Arkansas Society of Freethinkers (ASF) President Anne Orsi said that the efforts to pass the resolution is a clear violation of the separation of church and state."It blatantly violates the First Amendment," said Orsi. "I don't think it furthers anything about Arkansas ... it's a divisive thing. It doesn't pull Arkansans together ... there are many people in this state that have been hurt by religion, especially Christianity," she added.The Senate will not be considering the resolution as it was not filed jointly. Tosh said he might bring it up at the next session so that the senators would be allowed to vote on it. He considered filing it as a bill, but he feared that it would face numerous legal challenges.The proposal received wide support from both parties. Rep. Vivian Flowers (D-Pine Bluff) noted that the resolution is not legally binding and many in the Arkansas read and enjoy the Bible.West Virginia is also considering a bill that would make the Bible the official state book. There have been similar proposals in other states such as Mississippi and Louisiana, but efforts to pass it have been unsuccessful.Last year, Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam vetoed a bill to make the Bible the official book in his state, saying the legislation "trivializes the Bibles, which I believe is a sacred text."Orsi said that ASF will petition legislators to oppose the resolution if there are any further attempts to promote the Bible as the official state book. She expressed plans to organize rallies at the capitol and find other ways to oppose the proposal. She further noted that ASF might consider legal action if the resolution is passed.Arkansas currently has no official book, but it has several official symbols, such as the mockingbird as the state bird, the apple blossom as the state flower, and the white-tailed deer as the state mammal.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.Canada's education minister David Eggen has issued an order to two private Christian schools in Edmonton, asking them to allow students to form gay-straight alliance (GSA) groups upon request.








Bill Maher is seen in a screen capture of his show "Real Time with Bill Maher."
Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religiously-inspired terrorism.In a panel discussion on his show, "Real Time with Bill Maher," last Friday, he argued that people cannot say that the recent terrorist attack in London had "nothing to do with Islam."Louise Mensch, a former Conservative member of the British Parliament, objected to Maher's remarks and pointed to the case of 1995 Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh."It has nothing to do with Islam the same way Timothy McVeigh had nothing to do with Roman Catholicism," she said, according to The Christian Post.Maher responded by saying: "Every time some bomb goes off, before it goes off, somebody yells 'Allahu Akbar!' I never hear anybody go 'Merry Christmas! This one's for the flying nun!'"Fellow panelist Timothy Snyder of Yale University came to Mensch's defense and asked whether people would call it "Christian terrorism" when Christians commit similar acts.Chris Hayes of MSNBC also disputed Maher's assertion and noted that the Irish Republican Army (IRA) "blew up London for 15 years.""Are there Christian terrorist armies now ... like ISIS, al Qaeda, al-Shaabab, Boko Haram? Are there armies like that in the world that aren't Muslim? ... Can we get real?" Maher replied.During overtime on his show, Maher asked whether a European country would have the same values and same laws if its population becomes 51 percent Muslim in the future."Would you ask that question about Jews ... about Catholics?" Mensch responded, arguing that Islam itself is not the problem.When Mensch brought up the Westboro Baptist Church, which is known for protesting military funerals and carrying homophobic signs, Maher said that it was "false equivalency."Maher has frequently hosted Muslims and ex-Muslims who wanted to reform Islam. In May 2015, he interviewed Ayaan Hirsi Ali, a former Muslim turned atheist who does not hesitate to say Islam is not a religion of peace. In her book "Heretic," she presented her arguments on how Islam should be reformed.The 60-year-old TV host had also directed his criticisms toward Christianity in the past. In 2008, he made the documentary "Religulous," in which he challenged all kinds of religious beliefs.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Canadian doctors are harvesting organs from euthanized patients.
The practice of organ harvesting from euthanasia patients has drawn concern from bioethicists who believe it could make it harder for the patients to change their minds about going through with assisted suicide.A total of 26 people who died by lethal injection in Ontario have already donated tissue or organs since Medical Assistance in Dying (MAID) law came into effect last June, according to the National Post. Most of them donated tissue, which mostly involved eyes, skin, heart valves, bones, and tendons.Some bioethicists and transplant experts have argued that those who qualify for assisted dying should be offered the chance to donate their organs. They said that the gesture could bring them a "profound sense of psychological comfort," provided that the request for assisted death and the decision to donate are kept separate."If we accept people can make decisions to end life, and we accept the idea of cardiac death being sufficient for organ donation, this should be acceptable," said Dr. James Downar, who co-chairs the Canadian Blood Services committee that develops organ donation guidelines for the "conscious competent patient.""The concern that comes up is, could the decision for one drive the decision for the other?" he added.Other ethicists have raised their concern that it could put pressure on terminally ill patients to consider assisted suicide as an alternative sense of purpose.Jennifer Chandler, professor of policy and ethics at the University of Ottawa, said that linking assisted suicide and organ harvesting could put pressure on patients to go through with MAID and make it hard for them to change their minds about taking their lives.Chandler pointed to a scenario in which all the medical tests have been conducted and the recipients have been found, but the patient had a change of heart. "One wonders if perhaps that might create pressure to continue with the MAID," she said.She stated that the patients should be clearly informed that they are allowed to change their mind anytime and that they should not be pressured to "stick with MAID just because they feel an obligation, having set the process in motion."A total of 338 people have died by medical assistance in Ontario since it was legalized in June. There were over 4,500 people who were waiting for organs in Canada in 2014, and 278 of them died while waiting.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








A school district canceled plans to use a controversial children's book for a first-grade lesson after some complaints.
A school district in North Carolina has canceled its plan to use a children's book about a boy who likes to wear girls' dresses for a first-grade lesson following complaints from conservatives.According to Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools superintendent Ann Clark, the book titled "Jacob's New Dress" was supposed to be a part of an "age-appropriate" lesson for Child Abuse Prevention Month.The book, authored by Sarah and Ian Hoffman, is intended to teach children about those who are "gender non-conforming," according to Christian News Network. It follows the story of a boy who is teased by his peers for his interest in wearing a princess dress for playtime in school.Some teachers felt uncomfortable about reading the book to their students, and their complaints were eventually heard by some Republican lawmakers."I got a call that it was brought up in the House Republican Caucus Monday night, which is never a good thing," said district government liaison Charles Jeter.Jeter was asked to relay the concerns of the lawmakers to the district, which soon decided to replace the controversial book. It has since been replaced by another children's book titled "Red: A Crayon's Story," which is about a red Crayon that thinks of itself as blue.Tami Fitzgerald, executive director of the conservative group North Carolina Values Coalition, said that her organization was launching a petition against the book when the school system reversed course."I read the book online," she said. "It's clearly geared to young children. The book is meant as a tool of indoctrination to normalize transgender behavior. I think a lot of parents would object to that," she added.The Hoffmans argued that the backlash against their book proves that there is a need for teaching acceptance to the children. Ian rejected that notion the book was intended to indoctrinate young people and said that the suggestion that reading the book can turn someone gay was "bizarre."Ian said that the response to the book has been overwhelmingly positive, and the only backlash against it was in 2015 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, where some parents complained that they were not notified before it was read to a kindergarten class."Our hope, when we wrote this book, was that some day it would be considered quaint," the Hoffmans wrote in an email to The New York Times. "We imagined future generations saying, 'What was the fuss about?' Clearly, there's more work to do," they continued.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








on Facebook.
A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Craig Cobb, who has been labeled by the Southern Poverty Law Center as "an itinerant" neo-Nazi, was listed as the partial owner of the building that was once known as Zion Lutheran Church in Nome, North Dakota. The church was razed by the time the firefighters arrived at approximately 4:25 p.m. on Wednesday, MyNDNow reported.The Attorney General's Office stated that there is no new information about the incident, but Cobb insisted that the church was set on fire intentionally.Cobb said that the fire was "100 percent arson" and noted that both the gas and electric utilities were off, so it could not have been accidental. He has offered a $2,000 reward to anyone who can provide information related to the incident."I was going to turn it over to the creativity movement with a stipulation that that branch of the church be called the Donald J. Trump...President Donald J. Trump, Creativity Church of Rome, not Nome, Rome. A little play on history there you see," Cobb told KVRR.He recounted that he planned to deliver furniture to the church that same day, but he did not make the trip.He also expressed his plans to ask the DOJ and the FBI to consider the incident as a hate crime.Cobb had been arrested in November 2013 for terrorizing the residents of Leith, North Dakota when he patrolled the town with a gun. He maintained that he brandished the gun in response to violence and harassment directed toward him.When he moved to the town over four years ago, he bought a house and 12 other lots in an attempt to set up a white supremacist enclave. He urged other white supremacists to join him in order to create a voting majority in the town of about two dozen residents.In February 2014, Cobb pleaded guilty to five misdemeanor menacing accounts and one felony terrorizing charge. He no longer owns any property in Leith, according to Daily Mail.Jerome Jankowski, who lives directly south of the church, said that no one was happy about Cobb's arrival in Nome."Everyone has some form of prejudice, but this guy is way off the edge and he fell off," he said.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Graffiti covers the front of the Cold Lake Mosque, near a large Canadian air force base where CF-18 fighter jets recently departed for Iraq, in Cold Lake, Alberta October 24, 2014.
A motion urging federal politicians to condemn Islamophobia in Canada has been approved by the House of Commons earlier this week.The non-binding motion, known as M-103, calls on the government to "condemn Islamophobia and all forms of systemic racism and religious discrimination," Global News reported. It was passed along party lines on Thursday by a vote of 201 to 91. Iqra Khalid, the MP who sponsored the motion, was applauded by her fellow Liberal MPs when she stood to vote.Critics of the motion raised their concern that it could be a slippery slope to limiting freedom of speech and could even bring in Sharia or Islamic law."Do you have a valid concern about Islam? Do you disagree with Sharia Law? Uneasy about radical Islamic terrorism? The Liberals may very well classify you as Islamophobic," said Conservative Party of Canada leadership candidate Pierre Lemieux.Andrew Scheer, who is also a contender for the leadership of the Conservative Party, stated before the vote that the motion "could be interpreted as a step towards stifling free speech and legitimate criticism" of Islam."M-103 is not inclusive. It singles out just one faith. I believe that all religions deserve the same level of respect and protection," he stated in an email to supporters. "I will be voting against it because I believe in Freedom of Speech," he added.A poll conducted by the Angus Reid Institute indicated that Canadians are skeptical whether the motion will have any effect.The survey results indicated that almost nine out of 10 Canadians have little faith that M-103 will accomplish anything, although they are split as to whether it should pass.Twenty-six percent said that it's "not worth passing because it won't do anything," while 31 percent believe that it should be passed even for symbolic reasons. Another 31 percent said that the motion should not be passed because it threatens freedom of speech.When asked how they would vote on the motion, 42 percent of the respondents said they would vote against it. Twenty-nine percent said they would vote in favor of it, and another 29 percent said they do not know or would choose to abstain.A petition urging MPs to vote against the "restrictive 'anti-blasphemy'" motion has been signed by 79,500 people.An alternative motion that condemned racism and discrimination against Muslims, Jews, Christians, and other religious groups was defeated by the Liberals in February.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








The 706-carat diamond discovered by a pastor is seen in a screen capture of a video from ODN.
A Sierra Leone pastor who found one of the world's largest uncut diamonds said that he wants to build a school and a "magnificent church" in the village where the stone was discovered.The 706-carat diamond was reportedly discovered by workers of Pastor Emmanuel Momoh in Sierra Leone's eastern Kono district.Momoh, an independent miner, surrendered the diamond last week to President Ernest Bai Koroma to express his appreciation for the development projects being implemented by the government in their area.In a statement, the president expressed his gratitude to the local chief from Kono, who surrendered the precious stone on Momoh's behalf, for not smuggling it out of the country."He [Koroma] underscored the importance of selling such a diamond here as it will clearly give the owners what is due them and benefit the country as a whole," the statement said.The government is planning to auction the diamond and use the money to fund more government projects. Momoh said that he plans to give his tithes and build a school as well as a state-of-the-art bridge in the village where he found the stone."First and foremost, I will have to give my tithes. I promised God. I know that God still has a plan for me," the pastor said, according to Tuko."We have to make a bridge, we have to build a school, and we have to improve the lives of the people," he continued, noting that he also plans to build a "magnificent church."The discovery is said to be the 13th largest uncut diamond ever found in the world. Such discovery is considered rare for an independent miner, given that they mostly use their bare hands and basic tools when they dig for stones.Sierra Leone is known as one of the seven African countries whose "blood" diamonds prompted a civil war. The pastor's discovery is likely to be sold out of the country, as the United Nations lifted the ban on the region's diamond exports in 2003.It is not known how much the precious stone is going to fetch at the auction, but it is expected be sold at a price not less than US$40 million, considering that an 813-carat stone was sold for US$63 million.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Tim Keller appears in a screen capture of a video from The Veritas Forum.
Princeton Theological Seminary has reversed its decision to give a major award to Rev. Tim Keller following protests over his church's position on the ordination of women and LGBT individuals.Keller, the founding pastor of Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York City, was supposed to receive the 2017 Kuyper Prize for Excellence in Reformed Theology and Public Witness at the seminary in New Jersey on April 6. He is also scheduled to deliver a lecture on evangelization and "church planting."However, Princeton President Craig Barnes decided not to honor Keller with the award after an alumni complained about the pastor's conservative positions. The complaints against the pastor drew traction among the Princeton community, and it grew louder on Wednesday, forcing Barnes to come up with a compromise."In order to communicate that the invitation to speak at the upcoming conference does not imply an endorsement of the [PCA's] views about ordination, we have agreed not to award the Kuyper Prize this year," Barnes stated in a letter released Wednesday morning, as reported by Christianity Today.While Keller will no longer receive the award, he would still be allowed to deliver his lecture."The Kuyper Center's invitation to Reverend Keller simply to lecture at their conference will stand, and he has graciously agreed to keep the commitment. We are a community that does not silence voices in the church," Barnes wrote.Rev. Traci Smith, the alumni who complained about Keller's views in a blog post, said that Barnes' decision was "the right move.""Yes to academic freedom. Yes to listening to others whose opinions are different from our own (no matter how distasteful they may be). No to giving large fancy prizes that can be confused with endorsement," she said in a statement on Wednesday.Daniel Wolpert, executive director at Micah: Minnesota Institute of Contemplation and Healing, also hailed the decision. However, he said that he would have preferred if a "queer theologian" was delivering the lecture instead of Keller.Some conservative Christians rose to defend Keller and criticized the seminary.Owen Strachan, director of the Center for Public Theology at Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, said that Princeton's decision to strip Keller of the award was "deeply saddening and upsetting."Strachan noted that Keller is a complementarian who has taught what the Scriptures teach about male leadership at home and the church. He also pointed out that the pastor does not believe that homosexual practice is consistent with the Scripture. He asserted that Keller is being publicly shamed for upholding the teachings of the Bible.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Montgomery County Justice of the Peace Wayne Mack appears in a screen capture of a video interview with the Montgomery County Tea Party.
An atheist organization has filed a lawsuit against a Texas judge due to his practice of allowing guest pastors and chaplains to open court sessions with prayer.The lawsuit, filed by the Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) on Tuesday, argued that the Montgomery County Justice of the Peace Wayne Mack has repeatedly violated the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution by opening each session with Christian prayers, The Christian Post reported.It was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas in Houston on behalf of three plaintiffs who were directly affected by the courtroom prayers.In August 2014, one of the plaintiffs who appeared in the courtroom said that Mack told the crowd that if they were offended by the prayer, "you can leave into the hallway and your case will not be affected."According to the lawsuit, the guest chaplain read from the Bible for five to eight minutes and asked everyone to bow their heads for prayer after the reading."During the prayer, Judge Mack did not bow his head, but observed those in the courtroom," the lawsuit claimed. It noted that the plaintiff felt as though her reaction to the prayers could affect the outcome of her case."She did not leave after the invitation to do so out of fear that her actions would prejudice Judge Mack against her," the lawsuit stated. "She felt compelled by government authority to demonstrate obeisance to someone else's religion," it went on to say.The lawsuit further noted that Mack has made changes to his practice in May 2015 and now has the bailiff introduce the prayer before he enters the room so that he would be prevented from seeing who leaves the room when the prayer is announced.The FFRF is seeking an order to stop the prayers and is asking the federal court to declare that Mack had violated the Constitution. It also asks Mack to pay "reasonable costs, disbursements, and attorney's' fees" to the plaintiffs.The Wisconsin-based atheist group initially sent a letter to Mack in 2014, saying it received a complaint from an attorney and a local citizen, who said they felt coerced to participate in the prayers out of fear of being disrespectful.Last August, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton upheld Mack's practice, citing the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Town of Greece v. Galloway. Paxton said that Mack's case was "sufficiently similar" to the Galloway case, in which the Supreme Court ruled that the longstanding practice of opening government proceedings with prayer does not violate the Establishment Clause.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Executive producer Roma Downey and her husband producer Mark Burnett pose at the premiere for the movie "Ben-Hur" at TCL Chinese theatre in Hollywood, California U.S., August 16, 2016.
Mark Burnett and Roma Downey, the producers behind the hit mini-series "The Bible," are reportedly working on a religious drama titled "Messiah" for Netflix.The series, which is still in its early developmental stages, would be set in the modern day and would narrate how the world would react to a man who performs miracles in the Middle East, according to Variety.The faith-based series was created and written by Michael Petroni, whose previous works include the ABC drama "Miracles" and the screenplay for the feature film adaptation of "The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader."He was also credited with writing the screenplay of the 2011 Anthony Hopkins exorcism horror-drama "The Rite."Burnett and Downey will be serving as the executive producers through their company LightWorkers Media, which is a division of MGM. Petroni will also serve as an executive producer along with Andrew Deane of Industry Entertainment.The project gained media attention last week when Deadline reported that it was one of 15 television productions that will benefit from California-based tax credit. It was reportedly approved for a $7.5 million tax credit in the new series category.It has not been officially greenlighted by Netflix, but it has been earmarked for filming in Los Angeles.Although Burnett and Downey are closely working with Netflix, they recently launched Light TV, a 24-hour faith and family entertainment channel, in partnership with Fox network, according to Eternity News.The husband and wife team was behind the remake of "Ben-Hur," which tanked at the box office and was not well-received by critics.They also produced other faith-based projects including the TV movie "Women of the Bible" at Lifetime, "A.D. The Bible Continues" on NBC, "The Dovekeepers" at CBS, and the 2014 film "Son of God."Downey stated in a 2014 interview with The Christian Post that they believed their projects were aimed at an audience who are often ignored by the Hollywood industry."We find it encouraging ... that the success of 'The Bible' series with a hundred million viewers showing up revealed to our industry that there is a huge audience for these kinds of projects, an audience that I think has often been under-served," she said.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Jennifer Garner poses at the premiere of 'Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day' at El Capitan theatre in Hollywood, California October 6, 2014.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Garner is reuniting with the cast of 2007 hit movie "Juno" for a live reading of the script to raise funds for Planned Parenthood.The film tells the story of a young teenager named Juno MacGuff who gives up her baby for adoption after an unplanned pregnancy. On April 8, the creators of the film will host the live-read at The Theatre at Ace Hotel in Los Angeles in order to raise funds for the abortion provider Planned Parenthood.Garner, who played the adoptive parent of Juno's baby, will be joining an all-female cast who will fill out rest of the roles, even those originally played by men in the film.Ellen Page, who played the pregnant teenager in the film, will be reprising her role for the live-read.According to Self, Jason Reitman, the film's director, will be announcing the rest of the cast on Twitter days before the show.Entertainment Weekly reported that Reitman set the live script reading series aside last year, but he was inspired to bring it back because of the 2016 election. During the campaign period, Donald Trump had stated that he would be willing to strip federal funding from Planned Parenthood as long as it continues to perform abortions."It occurred to me that I have this show that could be used as a tool to not only raise money for causes that need the help, but could serve as an opportunity for a group like Planned Parenthood to connect with an audience who can be presented with new ideas, or even an action item," Reitman told Entertainment Weekly.While some pro-lifers claimed that the film had a subliminal pro-life message in its plot, the director wanted the live-reading to clarify that the film was about a woman's ability to choose what happens to her unborn baby."If there was any confusion about whether Juno was pro-choice or pro-life, this should settle that. Juno had a choice, and that was the most important part," Reitman said.Garner, who started attending church with her children last year after starring in the Christian drama "Miracles from Heaven," had campaigned for Hillary Clinton, who was endorsed by Planned Parenthood in the last election.However, the actress recently expressed her intention to work with Trump to help him fulfill his campaign promises to poor white communities."I'm looking forward to helping him make good on what they saw as promises, a mandate from him, that he was going to make their lives better," she said.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Featured in the image is Pastor Li Guozhi, also known as Yang Hua.
The lawyers of jailed Chinese Pastor Yang Hua are requesting medical bail for their client who is in need of urgent medical treatment due to his deteriorating health.Yang, the pastor of Living Stone house church in Guiyang, is currently suffering from ulcers on his legs, which prevents him from sleeping at night because of the burning pain. The physician at the Nanming District Detention Center reportedly treated the pastor's condition as nothing more than a superficial skin infection and gave him painkillers.When one of Yang's attorneys visited him at the detention center on March 20, the lawyer was surprised to see him being carried to the meeting room by three sturdy cellmates, China Change reported.According to Yang, a doctor at Guiyang Sixth Municipal Hospital diagnosed him with a form of allergic vasculitis, an inflammation of the blood vessels. The doctor warned that his leg could be amputated if no treatment could be found for his condition. He recommended a high dosage of penicillin, but the clinic at the detention center does not have the medicine.He was then brought to the No. 368 People's Armed Police Hospital for a physical inspection, but the five physicians could not come up with a final diagnosis. The doctors recommended that Yang should be sent to a regular hospital for treatment, but they indicated that the cost of the treatment might be "extremely high."On March 24, Yang was reportedly brought to the Guizhou Provincial People's Hospital for another physical examination. His lawyers have written a letter to the Guiyang Procuratorate, asking for a review of the continued necessity to detain their client.That same day, the pastor's wife, Wang Hongwu, arrived at the detention center just as Yang was coming back from his physical exam at the provincial hospital. It was the first time they were able to see each other since Yang was detained in December 2015. Wang had asked her fellow parishioners to pray for the pastor.Yang was arrested on Dec. 9, 2015 on charges of "deliberately divulging state secrets." At that time of his arrest, the authorities also announced that Living Stone church has been banned from operating. Local authorities sealed off the 600-square-meter office space used by the church as its place of worship.The advocacy group Christian Solidarity Worldwide (CSW) criticized the Chinese government's harsh treatment of Yang and his family."We call on the Chinese government to release Yang Hua, to allow him immediate access to adequate medical care, and to investigate allegations of torture and ill-treatment in detention," CSW's Chief Executive Mervyn Thomas said."We further call on the Chinese authorities to cease all harassment and restrictions on other church members, and to uphold the right to freedom of religion or belief for all," he added.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








A woman, who was freed by the Nigerian army from Boko Haram militants in the Sambisa forest, sits with her children at the Malkohi camp for internally displaced people in Yola, Nigeria, May 3, 2015.
Christians who were terrorized by Boko Haram are being denied food and vital assistance in displacement camps being run by Muslim organizations in Nigeria, according to a persecution watchdog group.A number of displacement camps have been set up throughout the country to aid the victims of the terror group, but some of the camps are discriminating against Christians."The governor did his best when the Christians had to flee in 2014 and 2015," said Bishop William Naga, who was forced to flee his home in Gwoza, Nigeria."But when the care of the camps was handed over to other organisations, the discrimination started. They will give food to the refugees, but if you are a Christian they will not give you food. They will openly tell you that the relief is not for Christians," he added.Emily Fuentes, the communications director for Open Doors U.S.A., told The Christian Post that while Christians in northeast Nigeria are being explicitly targeted by Boko Haram, Muslims are also being attacked. She said that Muslim organizations that are running the displacement camps feel inclined to give "preferential treatment" to Muslims."Christians often get pushed to the back of the line," she said. "Because Muslims are the majority there, even non-extremist Muslims, some of their neighbors are typically going to get preferential treatment by those providing food and assistance because of their Muslim faith," she added.Fuentes said that discrimination against Christians might not be occurring in all the camps, but she noted that her organization has heard of many cases.Some Christians have set up their own informal camps due to the discrimination they experienced at the formal camps. John Gwamma, the chairman at an informal Christian camp, said that Christians had not been given food and were not allowed to go to church at the formal camps.Some of the displaced people have resorted to eating leaves in order to survive. But Open Doors was able to work through local churches to provide vital aid to the families inside the informal camps.Fuentes said that although the informal camps were intended at serving displaced Christians, people of all faiths are welcome. She noted that Open Doors is also helping widows of Boko Haram victims receive job-skills training, and the organization has provided some of the widows with micro-loans to help them start their own businesses.Nigeria has been ranked on the Open Doors World Watch List as the 12th most difficult country to live as a Christian. According to the persecution watchdog group, as many as five churches are attacked on average every Sunday in northern Nigeria.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Easter eggs adorn an apple tree in the garden of the summerhouse of German pensioners Christa and Volker Kraft, in the eastern German town of Saalfeld, March 19, 2014.
Every year, Christians around the world celebrate Easter to commemorate the events leading to the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ. However, the dates of the ancient Christian tradition varies every year, and the calculation for its schedule involves a synthesis of mathematics, theology, and astronomy.The date for Easter Sunday usually falls on the first Sunday right after the first full moon following the first day of spring, and this year, it falls on April 16, according to Telegraph. Good Friday, which commemorates Christ's crucifixion, falls on April 14, while Easter Monday is on April 17.Catholic bishops set out to standardize the holiday during the Council of Nicea in 325 A.D. The bishops decided at that time that Easter should be celebrated on the first Sunday following a full moon at Passover, a Jewish festival commemorating the liberation of the Jews from slavery in Egypt.After realizing that the full moon does not fall on the same days due to a difference in time zones, the bishops agreed that the celebration for Easter Day should be on the 14th day of the lunar month.The Eastern Orthodox Church often celebrate the holiday on a different date because it uses the earlier Julian calendar to calculate Christian festivals such as Easter. However, the Orthodox Easter or Greek Easter falls on the same day as western Easter this year, which also happened in 2014, according to Birmingham Mail.In England, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev. Justin Welby, had suggested that Easter should fall on the same Sunday every year. He said that Anglican leaders would join discussions with other church leaders about a plan to set a fixed date for the Christian holiday, which he said would likely be on the second or third Sunday of April.Many Christians in central and eastern European countries decorate eggs in beautiful patterns as part of the holiday celebrations.Eggs symbolize new life, just as Jesus began a new life after his resurrection. The cracked eggs are said to represent an empty tomb. The eggs, which are saved and given to children as gifts, are sometimes colored red, in recognition of the blood of Christ when he was crucified.The egg-giving tradition was brought to the U.S. in the 18th century by German immigrants in the Pennsylvania Dutch area. The President of the United States holds an Easter egg roll on the White House lawn on Easter Monday each year for young children.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








A New Mexico bill aimed at legalizing assisted suicide was narrowly defeated in the Senate.
The New Mexico Senate has narrowly defeated a bill that is aimed at legalizing physician-assisted suicide for terminally ill patients in the state.Senate Bill 252, sponsored by Sen. Liz Stefanics (D-Cerrillos), was rejected by a 22–20 vote last week. Seven Democrats joined 15 Republicans to oppose the measure, according to Santa Fe New Mexican.The legislation would have allowed patients who are expected to die within six months to obtain a prescription for medication that would end their lives. Additionally, two doctors must attest that the patient is mentally competent.Stefanics said that the bill was modeled after an Oregon law that was adopted in 1997. The measure requires a 48-hour waiting period between the time the prescription was written and filled.One of the lawmakers who supported the legislation was Sen. Bill O'Neill (D-Albuquerque), who said that terminally ill patients in chronic pain should have the right to choose to end their lives.Sen. Craig Brandt (R-Rio Rancho) said that he could not support the bill, arguing that doctors make mistakes every day, and someone who is diagnosed as terminally ill could actually recover.The bill was also opposed by Republican Gov. Susana Martinez and Right to Life New Mexico.Right to Life Executive Director Dauneen Dolce said that New Mexico residents must be involved in fighting the bill to ensure that it does not pass in the future."You have to be actively involved in some way, from educating yourself or giving support to the organizations that are educating others, or [being] involved in the political arena," she told One News Now."If you don't do that, you are handing over our state [and] our laws, and the culture of death will come to us—and that will be from apathy," she added.Dolce said that she expects that there will be fresh attempts to gain passage of the bill in the next session of the legislature, given that the vote was so close.Assisted suicide is a fourth-degree felony in New Mexico under the current law. Last year, the state Supreme Court ruled unanimously against a lower court decision that struck down the state's prohibition against euthanasia."If we were to recognize an absolute, fundamental right to physician aid in dying, constitutional questions would abound regarding legislation that defined terminal illness or provided for protective procedures to assure that a patient was making an informed and independent decision," Justice Edward Chavez wrote on behalf of the panel, according to Christian News Network.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








A bathroom sign welcomes both genders at the Cacao Cinnamon coffee shop in Durham, North Carolina, United States on May 3, 2016.
A male student in Pennsylvania has filed a lawsuit against a local school district due to its policy that allows girls to enter the boys' locker room.The lawsuit against the Boyertown Area School District was filed on Tuesday by conservative groups Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF) and Independence Law Center (ILC) on behalf of the student who was identified in the suit by the pseudonym "Joel Doe."According to the lawsuit, the student was changing in the locker room last October when he noticed a girl undressing just a feet away from him. The teen, who was standing in the room with nothing but his underwear, hurriedly put his clothes on and left."He was naturally upset, so he went after class with a group of friends to go see the [assistant] principal to find out what was going on," ADF-affiliated attorney Randall Wenger narrated, as reported by Christian News Network."And the [assistant] principal told him, 'I've got no other options for you. I'm going to ask you to tolerate this and make it as natural as you possibly can,'" he continued.The school district's policy allows students to access bathrooms and changing rooms consistent with their gender identity, according to The Christian Post.When the parents attempted to meet with the assistant principal, Wayne Foley, they were reportedly told that "the school district is 'all-inclusive' and that if [the boy] had a problem changing or using restrooms with people of the opposite sex, he would get him permission to go to the nurse's office to change."The student's parents also met with district Superintendent Richard Faidley, but he told them that they should just take the teen out of the school and homeschool him if he did not want to change in the presence of the girl and if he did not want to change in the nurse's office.The lawsuit alleged that the school district did not inform the parents that it was allowing students to access locker rooms and restrooms according to their gender identity. It noted that the school district policy violates Pennsylvania law which requires male and female facilities to be separate. It also contended that the policy violates the student's rights to bodily privacy.The lawsuit came after President Donald Trump's administration rescinded a guidance, issued under the administration of former President Barack Obama, that instructed schools to allow transgender students to access bathrooms and locker rooms according to their perceived gender.Eliza Byard, the executive director of the New York City-based Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network, argued that the lawsuit could have been avoided if the school had provided special accommodations for students who felt uneasy about going to changing areas with members of the opposite sex.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








The logo of U.S.-based Christian charity World Vision is seen on a car parked outside their offices in Jerusalem August 4, 2016.
An investigation conducted by the Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) has found no evidence that the international Christian charity World Vision had diverted aid money to Islamic militant group Hamas.The Australian government suspended the funding for World Vision last year after Mohammed el-Halabi, the charity's senior official in the Gaza Strip, was accused by the Israeli government of diverting millions of dollars to support Hamas."The review uncovered nothing to suggest any diversion of government funds," DFAT announced on Tuesday, according to Jewish Telegraphic Agency.World Vision has also launched an independent review of its operations to determine if any of its funds had been funneled to the militant group."So far, our own ongoing forensic audit has not uncovered any money subverted and to hear DFAT say their investigation hasn't either is consistent and is very good news," World Vision chief advocate Tim Costello told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.Halabi, who was arrested in June last year while he was headed to Gaza from Israel, rejected the plea deal offered by Israeli authorities and pleaded not guilty to all charges. The aid worker has accused the authorities of torturing him while he was in custody, and several witnesses presented by the prosecution have also accused Israeli intelligence officers of torturing them during interrogation.World Vision has continued supporting Halabi, saying he is a "trusted employee" and that they have found no evidence that any money had been diverted.Halabi has been accused of diverting over $7 million a year to Hamas. However, World Vision disputed the claim, saying that its total operating budget in the region over the past 10 years was $22.5 million, which makes the alleged diverted amount of nearly $50 million "hard to reconcile."Costello expressed his hope that the Israeli authorities will take notice of DFAT's findings. "I think the charges certainly talked about diversion of funds so I think this is relevant," he said.DFAT said that Australia's funding for World Vision in Gaza would remain suspended until the government can review the results of Halabi's trial as well as the investigation being conducted by the charity. The Australian government has provided more than $3 million in aid to World Vision over the past three years.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Children from the Compassion Center are seen here in a screen capture of a video from Compassion International's YouTube channel.
As many as 107 members of the U.S. House of Representatives have sent a letter to India's Minister of Home Affairs Rajnath Singh, asking him to allow the Christian charity Compassion International to continue providing aid to Indian children.Earlier this month, Compassion International announced that it would be shutting down its operations in India after it was barred from receiving foreign funding without government approval, Scroll reported. The charity, which supports 145,000 Indian children with donations raised in the U.S., has been accused of trying to convert people to Christianity.In the letter to Singh, the lawmakers stated that the case of Compassion International has raised "serious concern" in the U.S. Congress. They warned that there would be "harmful consequences" for Indian children if the charity ceases its operations in the country."We are writing because we believe the Ministry of Home Affairs has issued an inter-bank circular preventing all commercial banks in India from processing CI's wire transfers without prior ministry approval," the lawmakers wrote."As a result, Compassion is unable to process the funds it needs to continue. ... Many of our constituents, who have built emotional attachments through years of building relationships with these kids, are devastated by this wrenching cutoff," they continued.The letter, dated March 21, was spearheaded by House Foreign Affairs Committee chairman Ed Royce (R-Calif.) and Ranking Member Eliot Engel (D-N.Y.), according to India West."Having seen the important poverty alleviation work being done by CI, it is our sincere hope that this situation can be resolved quickly by your issuing a temporary reprieve," the letter stated, adding that the reprieve would allow the charity to continue its programs in India until a more permanent solution can be found in accord with the country's laws.Earlier this month, Compassion International President and CEO Santiago Mellado told Christianity Today that the Indian government made changes to the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act in 2011 so that it could regulate non-governmental organizations it disagrees with philosophically.This was not the first time Compassion has been forced to leave a country. It pulled out of Indonesia in 1985 after serving the country for 17 years, citing its "commitment to financial integrity." It was able to start its operations in the country again in 1988, with some help from local pastors.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








and Kim Jong Il on Mansu Hill in Pyongyang, North Korea.
Internet hackers have reportedly gained access to a live feed of a North Korean television program, which purportedly shows anti-Christian propaganda.The hackers claimed that they were able to stream the program, which features a number of musical and dance performances, on the site 4chan. An hour of the broadcast has been released on YouTube, according to Premier.A scene at the 13-minute mark of the video features a Western priest who appears to be terrorizing a mother and a child.The priest, who is wearing a large cross around his neck, initially approaches the mother and child with a kind demeanor. The mother seems to be receptive to the priest's message as he makes the sign of the cross on her.She then makes her child accept the priest's faith as well. But when the boy was alone, the priest starts to abuse him. The boy is eventually killed, and the scene ends with the message in Korean reportedly stating, "Don't forget the brutality of U.S. Imperialism."While the authenticity of the leaked video has not been verified, there have been several reports of anti-Christian propaganda from North Korea featuring priests and missionaries harming children, according to Ben Rogers, the East Asia Team Leader at advocacy charity Christian Solidarity Worldwide."While we are unable to verify the source of this video, it is certainly in keeping with the North Korean regime's horrific propaganda against Christians," Rogers told Premier.He noted that Christians in North Korea are forced to meet in secret due to the lack of religious freedom, and those who are caught face severe punishment in prison camps. He asserted that the government instills a hostility towards Christianity in the population through propaganda."The regime is well known for using theatre, films, cartoons and other forms of art in its propaganda war against America, South Korea, Japan and Christianity," Rogers explained.In October, a woman who was able to escape from the repressive regime shared a testimony in which she explained that North Koreans are taught to hate Christians because they are not capable of "revolutionary acts."The woman, who goes by the pseudonym Hae Woo, claimed that North Koreans are being told that Christians are killing people in order to sell their blood."I heard stories about Christians who went to hospitals, enticed people into cellars, killed them there and sucked the blood out of their bodies so that they could sell it. The thought of it was horrifying to me," she said.Persecution watchdog group Open Doors believes that there may be 200,000 to 400,000 Christians currently living under the regime. North Korea has been on top of the Open Doors World Watch List for Christian persecution for 16 consecutive years.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








St. Mary's Cathedral in Kampala, Uganda.
A court in Uganda has dropped the charges of kidnapping and "human sacrifice" against an evangelist who had provided refuge to Muslims who converted to Christianity.Hassan Muwanguzi, a lay leader with the Church of Uganda, was arrested on Feb. 26 after he was accused of kidnapping the 21-year-old daughter of a Muslim villager.The complainant, Nghangha Mubakali, also accused Muwanguzi of making a human sacrifice of his daughter, according to Morning Star News.The evangelist said that the daughter, Namusisi Budadu Biryeri, took refuge with him after her father beat her up for putting her faith in Christ in 2015.On March 13, a court in Tirinyi, Kibuku District dismissed the charges after the complainant and his attorney failed to appear at the hearings twice.Neither Mubakali nor his lawyer was present at the hearing on March 10, and they failed to appear in court again on March 13 when the charges were read against Muwanguzi. The evangelist's attorney then requested for the dismissal of the case since there was no public witness."The magistrate heard the request of my lawyer, and he said, 'The case has been dismissed,'" Muwanguzi narrated. "Immediately we left the courtroom, and as we got out we saw more than 15 Muslims, some dressed in Islamic attire, enter the court gate. We knew that they had come for hearing of the case," he added.The evangelist said that his lawyer advised him to file a defamation case against his accusers so that he could be compensated, but he declined and said that he would forgive them.Muwanguzi, a former Islamic teacher who has suffered life-threatening attacks from radical Muslims, said that he is grateful for the prayers and for the support of another pastor in Kibuku district at a time when his fears threatened to overcome him."Though I am still fearful from not knowing what the Muslims are now planning, the fears are now reduced," he said.Just hours after he was released on bail on March 3, Muslims in eastern Uganda's Kachomo village, Budaka District went to a meeting, in which an Islamic teacher told them that Muwanguzi should be killed.Muwanguzi, a father of six, has long housed converts from Islam despite threats from hard-line Muslims. He said he was grateful to the church members who prayed for him, but he is asking for more prayers because he is still fearful of being persecuted for continuously taking care of many converts from Islam."I need protection and support for these new converts. I know nothing will separate me from the love of Christ and in serving Him," he said.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Paul Washer appears in a screen capture of a video from G3 Conference.
HeartCry Missionary Society founder Paul Washer is expected to be released from the hospital this weekend after undergoing an emergency surgery due to a massive heart attack.Washer's life-threatening emergency was brought to the public's attention around 11 p.m. EST on Monday night by Jhonattan Madueño, who explained that the pastor suffered the heart attack about 30 minutes before he posted a statement about it on Facebook. A tweet from the G3 Conference, where Washer is a featured speaker scheduled for January 2018, indicated that the 55-year-old missionary suffered the heart attack at his Virginia home.In a series of social media posts on Tuesday night, Washer's team explained that there was not much news about his condition, although they stated that the pastor was "resting" and recovering slowly. Another post revealed that there has been an improvement in his condition following the emergency surgery."I suspect he'll be out in the next couple of days. I was just with him a few minutes ago," Kevin Hite, operations director at HeartCry, told The Christian Post on Wednesday.Hite said that no doctor expected Washer to have a heart attack based on his health.While preaching at the 2017 G3 Conference in January, Washer revealed that he was debilitated by an unspecified illness. However, Hite said that he could not speculate whether Washer's illness in January was related to the heart attack."I don't know that it necessarily was. He had a heart attack. There was some blockage in an artery. It may or may not [have] but there is no way to say that was indicative or somehow a precursor [to a heart attack]," Hite said."He has a number of particularly chronic pain issues and that is no secret, but he's had some totally unrelated issues of late. The heart attack was a complete surprise," he added.Some of Washer's supporters have tried to establish fund raising campaigns to help with his recovery, but his team said that they were not raising any money for the pastor.Hite explained that there had been cases when people tried to use Washer's name to make money for themselves, although the pastor had never solicited funds for HeartCry or for himself. He noted that HeartCry is supported by people who were moved to give through Washer's "public preaching ministry."Washer is best known for his infamous sermon known as "Shocking Youth Message," which was preached to around 5,000 youth at a 2002 youth evangelism conference in Montgomery, Alabama.In the sermon, he preached that American Christianity is mostly wrong and most of them, even those who profess to know Christ, could end up in hell. The pastor called on the youths at the event to examine themselves to determine whether they are genuinely born-again. The 2002 sermon has since garnered nearly two million views on YouTube.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Pastor Darrell Scott speaks at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S. July 20, 2016.
A Cleveland pastor has canceled a meeting with "street leaders" that intended to find ways to reduce gun violence in Chicago.On Monday, Rev. Darrell Scott, CEO of the National Diversity Coalition for Trump, announced the postponement of what has been dubbed as a "gang summit." He said that the meeting that was supposed to take place at the O'Hare Marriott on Tuesday afternoon had to be canceled because some of the people he invited could not attend, Chicago Tribune reported. The Coalition later announced that the summit was being rescheduled.A news release for the summit indicated that Scott would be working with employment, housing and education experts in an attempt to negotiate "an immediate ceasefire" in Chicago. However, Scott said that the news release overstated his goals for the summit, and he added that he does not intend to negotiate a cease-fire with gang members."I don't know where that came from. I think they went a little bit overboard. What is this, Israel and Palestine?" said Scott.The announcement for the summit came after Scott told President Donald Trump at a Black History Month event at the White House that "top gang thugs" in Chicago wanted to meet with him about "lowering their body count" because of his support for the president."That's a great idea because Chicago is totally out of control," Trump responded. The president had been critical of the gun violence in the city, and he had stirred much speculation when he tweeted that he will "send in the Feds" if city officials cannot address the problem.Scott said that he was contacted by Torrence Cooks, a Chicago anti-violence activist and a former gang member who reached out to the pastor about his idea for a Washington D.C. field trip for 90 black youths. In an interview on Monday, Scott noted that Cooks had planned to meet with 15 to 20 people from different parts of the city.The planned summit drew skepticism from other Chicago activists who said that Scott's gang comments suggested that he does not understand that the once-organized gangs had splintered into small, leaderless factions."Someone from outside Chicago shouldn't be giving people around here false hopes," said Corey Brooks, a pastor at Chicago's New Beginnings Church.Scott said that several developers who have jobs to offer were invited to the summit. He also claimed that a representative from Illinois, Gov. Bruce Rauner, would attend, but the governor's office did not respond to questions about the meeting.The pastor went on to say that he would wait to see how the meeting goes before deciding whether to ask the president about providing federal aid for the city."I don't know. We'll see what happens at this meeting," said Scott. "If I see there's something there worth communicating to the White House, I will," he added.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.








Visitors stand near the newly restored Edicule, the ancient structure housing the tomb, which according to Christian belief is where Jesus's body was anointed and buried, seen at the completion of months of restoration works, at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem's Old City March 20, 2017.
The purported site of Jesus' tomb is slated to be reopened to the public this week after a team of restorers and scientist completed the renovation of the Edicule, a shrine that is believed to house the cave where Jesus was entombed and resurrected.The Edicule, located at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, needed reinforcement and conservation, including the installation of an underground drainage network for rainwater and sewage, according to Antonia Moropoulou, who directed the restoration work at the site.The restorers have removed the iron cage built around the shrine by British authorities in 1947 in order to shore up the walls, according to The Associated Press. The team also cleared the black soot that accumulated on the shrine's stone facade from decades of pilgrims lighting candles.Moropoulou, a professor at the National Technical University of Athens, said that extensive work has been done on the tomb's masonry, and titanim bolts have been inserted into the stone slabs, including the one covering the tomb.The custody of the church is shared by The Greek Orthodox, Armenian and Roman Catholic denominations, who have held up the restoration work on the site for over 200 years because of interdenominational disputes. The restoration only started last year when the church was deemed unsafe by Israeli authorities."If this intervention hadn't happened now, there is a very great risk that there could have been a collapse. This is a complete transformation of the monument," said Bonnie Burnham of the World Monuments Fund.The tomb was exposed for the first time in October last year when the scientists removed the marble cladding that covered it since at least 1555 A.D. The tomb was identified as a relic in 326 A.D. by Helena, the mother of the Roman Emperor Constantine.Fredrik Hiebert, archaeologist-in-residence at the National Geographic Society, said at that time that the scientists were surprised by the amount of material beneath the marble covering."It will be a long scientific analysis, but we will finally be able to see the original rock surface on which, according to tradition, the body of Christ was laid," he added.Each denomination made contributions to the project, which cost around $3.3 million. Jordan's King Abdullah also made a personal donation for the restoration of the site, according to media reports.A church in North Dakota was destroyed in a fire just weeks after it was bought by a well-known white supremacist who has previously tried to set up a whites-only enclave in another part of the state.Atheist TV host Bill Maher took issue with the assertion that Christianity and Islam are essentially similar when it comes to religously-inspired terrorism.William J. Murray, the only surviving son of American Atheists founder Madalyn Murray O'Hair, has said that the new Netflix film about his mother is full of errors, omissions and distortions.Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards has urged Ivanka Trump to "stand up for women" and speak out against the American Health Care Act, a legislation that would have repealed Obamacare and defunded her organization.As the Iraqi forces continue the efforts to push the Islamic State out of Mosul, the terrorist group is committing more atrocities against the residents of the city, and it has recently burned three women to death for refusing to execute their fellow civilians.A Christian college student said that he was suspended from his school after he objected to a Muslim professor's assertion that Jesus' crucifixion never happened.Massachusetts' highest court has ruled that a popular Catholic retreat center that serves as a wildlife sanctuary and a home for battered women must pay taxes.The Montana House of Representatives has advanced a legislation that would prohibit courts from applying Sharia law or other foreign laws in the state.Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson has approved a bill on Wednesday that would make it illegal for abortion practitioners to knowingly terminate a pregnancy solely because of the child's sex.Evangelical churches have seen an exponential growth in the past few years in Cuba, where religious freedom has been previously suppressed by the Communist government.A secular humanist group in Arkansas has vowed to oppose efforts to pass a resolution that would make the Bible the official book of the state.