Thank you for downloading this Simon & Schuster eBook.
Join our mailing list and get updates on new releases, deals, bonus content and other great books from Simon & Schuster.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP

or visit us online to sign up at
eBookNews.SimonandSchuster.com

CONTENTS

Chapter 1: Spirituality
The Search for Happiness
Religion, East and West
Mindfulness
The Truth of Suffering
Enlightenment
Chapter 2: The Mystery of Consciousness
The Mind Divided
Structure and Function
Are Our Minds Already Split?
Conscious and Unconscious Processing in the Brain
Consciousness Is What Matters
Chapter 3: The Riddle of the Self
What Are We Calling “I”?
Consciousness Without Self
Lost in Thought
The Challenge of Studying the Self
Penetrating the Illusion
Chapter 4: Meditation
Gradual versus Sudden Realization
Dzogchen: Taking the Goal as the Path
Having No Head
The Paradox of Acceptance
Chapter 5: Gurus, Death, Drugs, and Other Puzzles
Mind on the Brink of Death
The Spiritual Uses of Pharmacology
Conclusion
Acknowledgments
About Sam Harris
Notes

Index

For Annaka, Emma, and Violet

Chapter 1

Spirituality

I once participated in a twenty-three-day wilderness program in the mountains of Colorado. If
the purpose of this course was to expose students to dangerous lightning and half the world’s
mosquitoes, it was fulfilled on the first day. What was in essence a forced march through
hundreds of miles of backcountry culminated in a ritual known as “the solo,” where we were
finally permitted to rest—alone, on the outskirts of a gorgeous alpine lake—for three days of
fasting and contemplation.
I had just turned sixteen, and this was my first taste of true solitude since exiting my mother’s
womb. It proved a sufficient provocation. After a long nap and a glance at the icy waters of the
lake, the promising young man I imagined myself to be was quickly cut down by loneliness and
boredom. I filled the pages of my journal not with the insights of a budding naturalist,
philosopher, or mystic but with a list of the foods on which I intended to gorge myself the
instant I returned to civilization. Judging from the state of my consciousness at the time, millions
of years of hominid evolution had produced nothing more transcendent than a craving for a
cheeseburger and a chocolate milkshake.
I found the experience of sitting undisturbed for three days amid pristine breezes and
starlight, with nothing to do but contemplate the mystery of my existence, to be a source of
perfect misery—for which I could see not so much as a glimmer of my own contribution. My
letters home, in their plaintiveness and self-pity, rivaled any written at Shiloh or Gallipoli.
So I was more than a little surprised when several members of our party, most of whom
were a decade older than I, described their days and nights of solitude in positive, even
transformational terms. I simply didn’t know what to make of their claims to happiness. How
could someone’s happiness increase when all the material sources of pleasure and distraction
had been removed? At that age, the nature of my own mind did not interest me—only my life
did. And I was utterly oblivious to how different life would be if the quality of my mind were to
change.
Our minds are all we have. They are all we have ever had. And they are all we can offer others.
This might not be obvious, especially when there are aspects of your life that seem in need of
improvement—when your goals are unrealized, or you are struggling to find a career, or you
have relationships that need repairing. But it’s the truth. Every experience you have ever had
has been shaped by your mind. Every relationship is as good or as bad as it is because of the
minds involved. If you are perpetually angry, depressed, confused, and unloving, or your

attention is elsewhere, it won’t matter how successful you become or who is in your life—you
won’t enjoy any of it.
Most of us could easily compile a list of goals we want to achieve or personal problems that
need to be solved. But what is the real significance of every item on such a list? Everything we
want to accomplish—to paint the house, learn a new language, find a better job—is something
that promises that, if done, it would allow us to finally relax and enjoy our lives in the present.
Generally speaking, this is a false hope. I’m not denying the importance of achieving one’s
goals, maintaining one’s health, or keeping one’s children clothed and fed—but most of us
spend our time seeking happiness and security without acknowledging the underlying purpose of
our search. Each of us is looking for a path back to the present: We are trying to find good
enough reasons to be satisfied now.
Acknowledging that this is the structure of the game we are playing allows us to play it
differently. How we pay attention to the present moment largely determines the character of our
experience and, therefore, the quality of our lives. Mystics and contemplatives have made this
claim for ages—but a growing body of scientific research now bears it out.
A few years after my first painful encounter with solitude, in the winter of 1987, I took the
drug 3,4-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine (MDMA), commonly known as Ecstasy, and
my sense of the human mind’s potential shifted profoundly. Although MDMA would become
ubiquitous at dance clubs and “raves” in the 1990s, at that time I didn’t know anyone of my
generation who had tried it. One evening, a few months before my twentieth birthday, a close
friend and I decided to take the drug.
The setting of our experiment bore little resemblance to the conditions of Dionysian abandon
under which MDMA is now often consumed. We were alone in a house, seated across from
each other on opposite ends of a couch, and engaged in quiet conversation as the chemical
worked its way into our heads. Unlike other drugs with which we were by then familiar
(marijuana and alcohol), MDMA produced no feeling of distortion in our senses. Our minds
seemed completely clear.
In the midst of this ordinariness, however, I was suddenly struck by the knowledge that I
loved my friend. This shouldn’t have surprised me—he was, after all, one of my best friends.
However, at that age I was not in the habit of dwelling on how much I loved the men in my life.
Now I could feel that I loved him, and this feeling had ethical implications that suddenly
seemed as profound as they now sound pedestrian on the page: I wanted him to be happy.
That conviction came crashing down with such force that something seemed to give way
inside me. In fact, the insight appeared to restructure my mind. My capacity for envy, for
instance—the sense of being diminished by the happiness or success of another person—
seemed like a symptom of mental illness that had vanished without a trace. I could no more
have felt envy at that moment than I could have wanted to poke out my own eyes. What did I
care if my friend was better looking or a better athlete than I was? If I could have bestowed
those gifts on him, I would have. Truly wanting him to be happy made his happiness my own.
A certain euphoria was creeping into these reflections, perhaps, but the general feeling
remained one of absolute sobriety—and of moral and emotional clarity unlike any I had ever
known. It would not be too strong to say that I felt sane for the first time in my life. And yet the

change in my consciousness seemed entirely straightforward. I was simply talking to my friend
—about what, I don’t recall—and realized that I had ceased to be concerned about myself. I
was no longer anxious, self-critical, guarded by irony, in competition, avoiding embarrassment,
ruminating about the past and future, or making any other gesture of thought or attention that
separated me from him. I was no longer watching myself through another person’s eyes.
And then came the insight that irrevocably transformed my sense of how good human life
could be. I was feeling boundless love for one of my best friends, and I suddenly realized that if
a stranger had walked through the door at that moment, he or she would have been fully
included in this love. Love was at bottom impersonal—and deeper than any personal history
could justify. Indeed, a transactional form of love—I love you because . . . —now made no
sense at all.
The interesting thing about this final shift in perspective was that it was not driven by any
change in the way I felt. I was not overwhelmed by a new feeling of love. The insight had more
the character of a geometric proof: It was as if, having glimpsed the properties of one set of
parallel lines, I suddenly understood what must be common to them all.
The moment I could find a voice with which to speak, I discovered that this epiphany about
the universality of love could be readily communicated. My friend got the point at once: All I
had to do was ask him how he would feel in the presence of a total stranger at that moment, and
the same door opened in his mind. It was simply obvious that love, compassion, and joy in the
joy of others extended without limit. The experience was not of love growing but of its being no
longer obscured. Love was—as advertised by mystics and crackpots through the ages—a state
of being. How had we not seen this before? And how could we overlook it ever again?
It would take me many years to put this experience into context. Until that moment, I had
viewed organized religion as merely a monument to the ignorance and superstition of our
ancestors. But I now knew that Jesus, the Buddha, Lao Tzu, and the other saints and sages of
history had not all been epileptics, schizophrenics, or frauds. I still considered the world’s
religions to be mere intellectual ruins, maintained at enormous economic and social cost, but I
now understood that important psychological truths could be found in the rubble.
Twenty percent of Americans describe themselves as “spiritual but not religious.” Although the
claim seems to annoy believers and atheists equally, separating spirituality from religion is a
perfectly reasonable thing to do. It is to assert two important truths simultaneously: Our world
is dangerously riven by religious doctrines that all educated people should condemn, and yet
there is more to understanding the human condition than science and secular culture generally
admit. One purpose of this book is to give both these convictions intellectual and empirical
support.
Before going any further, I should address the animosity that many readers feel toward the
term spiritual. Whenever I use the word, as in referring to meditation as a “spiritual practice,” I
hear from fellow skeptics and atheists who think that I have committed a grievous error.
The word spirit comes from the Latin spiritus, which is a translation of the Greek pneuma,
meaning “breath.” Around the thirteenth century, the term became entangled with beliefs about

immaterial souls, supernatural beings, ghosts, and so forth. It acquired other meanings as well:
We speak of the spirit of a thing as its most essential principle or of certain volatile substances
and liquors as spirits. Nevertheless, many nonbelievers now consider all things “spiritual” to
be contaminated by medieval superstition.
I do not share their semantic concerns.1 Yes, to walk the aisles of any “spiritual” bookstore
is to confront the yearning and credulity of our species by the yard, but there is no other term—
apart from the even more problematic mystical or the more restrictive contemplative—with
which to discuss the efforts people make, through meditation, psychedelics, or other means, to
fully bring their minds into the present or to induce nonordinary states of consciousness. And no
other word links this spectrum of experience to our ethical lives.
Throughout this book, I discuss certain classically spiritual phenomena, concepts, and
practices in the context of our modern understanding of the human mind—and I cannot do this
while restricting myself to the terminology of ordinary experience. So I will use spiritual,
mystical, contemplative, and transcendent without further apology. However, I will be precise
in describing the experiences and methods that merit these terms.
For many years, I have been a vocal critic of religion, and I won’t ride the same hobbyhorse
here. I hope that I have been sufficiently energetic on this front that even my most skeptical
readers will trust that my bullshit detector remains well calibrated as we advance over this new
terrain. Perhaps the following assurance can suffice for the moment: Nothing in this book needs
to be accepted on faith. Although my focus is on human subjectivity—I am, after all, talking
about the nature of experience itself—all my assertions can be tested in the laboratory of your
own life. In fact, my goal is to encourage you to do just that.
Authors who attempt to build a bridge between science and spirituality tend to make one of two
mistakes: Scientists generally start with an impoverished view of spiritual experience,
assuming that it must be a grandiose way of describing ordinary states of mind—parental love,
artistic inspiration, awe at the beauty of the night sky. In this vein, one finds Einstein’s
amazement at the intelligibility of Nature’s laws described as though it were a kind of mystical
insight.
New Age thinkers usually enter the ditch on the other side of the road: They idealize altered
states of consciousness and draw specious connections between subjective experience and the
spookier theories at the frontiers of physics. Here we are told that the Buddha and other
contemplatives anticipated modern cosmology or quantum mechanics and that by transcending
the sense of self, a person can realize his identity with the One Mind that gave birth to the
cosmos.
In the end, we are left to choose between pseudo-spirituality and pseudo-science.
Few scientists and philosophers have developed strong skills of introspection—in fact, most
doubt that such abilities even exist. Conversely, many of the greatest contemplatives know
nothing about science. But there is a connection between scientific fact and spiritual wisdom,
and it is more direct than most people suppose. Although the insights we can have in meditation
tell us nothing about the origins of the universe, they do confirm some well-established truths

about the human mind: Our conventional sense of self is an illusion; positive emotions, such as
compassion and patience, are teachable skills; and the way we think directly influences our
experience of the world.
There is now a large literature on the psychological benefits of meditation. Different
techniques produce long-lasting changes in attention, emotion, cognition, and pain perception,
and these correlate with both structural and functional changes in the brain. This field of
research is quickly growing, as is our understanding of self-awareness and related mental
phenomena. Given recent advances in neuroimaging technology, we no longer face a practical
impediment to investigating spiritual insights in the context of science.
Spirituality must be distinguished from religion—because people of every faith, and of none,
have had the same sorts of spiritual experiences. While these states of mind are usually
interpreted through the lens of one or another religious doctrine, we know that this is a mistake.
Nothing that a Christian, a Muslim, and a Hindu can experience—self-transcending love,
ecstasy, bliss, inner light—constitutes evidence in support of their traditional beliefs, because
their beliefs are logically incompatible with one another. A deeper principle must be at work.
That principle is the subject of this book: The feeling that we call “I” is an illusion. There is
no discrete self or ego living like a Minotaur in the labyrinth of the brain. And the feeling that
there is—the sense of being perched somewhere behind your eyes, looking out at a world that is
separate from yourself—can be altered or entirely extinguished. Although such experiences of
“self-transcendence” are generally thought about in religious terms, there is nothing, in
principle, irrational about them. From both a scientific and a philosophical point of view, they
represent a clearer understanding of the way things are. Deepening that understanding, and
repeatedly cutting through the illusion of the self, is what is meant by “spirituality” in the
context of this book.
Confusion and suffering may be our birthright, but wisdom and happiness are available. The
landscape of human experience includes deeply transformative insights about the nature of
one’s own consciousness, and yet it is obvious that these psychological states must be
understood in the context of neuroscience, psychology, and related fields.
I am often asked what will replace organized religion. The answer, I believe, is nothing and
everything. Nothing need replace its ludicrous and divisive doctrines—such as the idea that
Jesus will return to earth and hurl unbelievers into a lake of fire, or that death in defense of
Islam is the highest good. These are terrifying and debasing fictions. But what about love,
compassion, moral goodness, and self-transcendence? Many people still imagine that religion is
the true repository of these virtues. To change this, we must talk about the full range of human
experience in a way that is as free of dogma as the best science already is.
This book is by turns a seeker’s memoir, an introduction to the brain, a manual of contemplative
instruction, and a philosophical unraveling of what most people consider to be the center of
their inner lives: the feeling of self we call “I.” I have not set out to describe all the traditional
approaches to spirituality and to weigh their strengths and weaknesses. Rather, my goal is to
pluck the diamond from the dunghill of esoteric religion. There is a diamond there, and I have

devoted a fair amount of my life to contemplating it, but getting it in hand requires that we
remain true to the deepest principles of scientific skepticism and make no obeisance to
tradition. Where I do discuss specific teachings, such as those of Buddhism or Advaita Vedanta,
it isn’t my purpose to provide anything like a comprehensive account. Readers who are loyal to
any one spiritual tradition or who specialize in the academic study of religion, may view my
approach as the quintessence of arrogance. I consider it, rather, a symptom of impatience. There
is barely time enough in a book—or in a life—to get to the point. Just as a modern treatise on
weaponry would omit the casting of spells and would very likely ignore the slingshot and the
boomerang, I will focus on what I consider the most promising lines of spiritual inquiry.
My hope is that my personal experience will help readers to see the nature of their own
minds in a new light. A rational approach to spirituality seems to be what is missing from
secularism and from the lives of most of the people I meet. The purpose of this book is to offer
readers a clear view of the problem, along with some tools to help them solve it for themselves.
THE SEARCH FOR HAPPINESS

One day, you will find yourself outside this world which is like a mother’s womb. You
will leave this earth to enter, while you are yet in the body, a vast expanse, and know
that the words, “God’s earth is vast,” name this region from which the saints have
come.
Jalal-ud-Din Rumi
I share the concern, expressed by many atheists, that the terms spiritual and mystical are often
used to make claims not merely about the quality of certain experiences but about reality at
large. Far too often, these words are invoked in support of religious beliefs that are morally and
intellectually grotesque. Consequently, many of my fellow atheists consider all talk of
spirituality to be a sign of mental illness, conscious imposture, or self-deception. This is a
problem, because millions of people have had experiences for which spiritual and mystical
seem the only terms available. Many of the beliefs people form on the basis of these
experiences are false. But the fact that most atheists will view a statement like Rumi’s above as
a symptom of the man’s derangement grants a kernel of truth to the rantings of even our least
rational opponents. The human mind does, in fact, contain vast expanses that few of us ever
discover.
And there is something degraded and degrading about many of our habits of attention as we
shop, gossip, argue, and ruminate our way to the grave. Perhaps I should speak only for myself
here: It seems to me that I spend much of my waking life in a neurotic trance. My experiences in
meditation suggest, however, that an alternative exists. It is possible to stand free of the
juggernaut of self, if only for moments at a time.
Most cultures have produced men and women who have found that certain deliberate uses of
attention—meditation, yoga, prayer—can transform their perception of the world. Their efforts
generally begin with the realization that even in the best of circumstances, happiness is elusive.
We seek pleasant sights, sounds, tastes, sensations, and moods. We satisfy our intellectual

curiosity. We surround ourselves with friends and loved ones. We become connoisseurs of art,
music, or food. But our pleasures are, by their very nature, fleeting. If we enjoy some great
professional success, our feelings of accomplishment remain vivid and intoxicating for an hour,
or perhaps a day, but then they subside. And the search goes on. The effort required to keep
boredom and other unpleasantness at bay must continue, moment to moment.
Ceaseless change is an unreliable basis for lasting fulfillment. Realizing this, many people
begin to wonder whether a deeper source of well-being exists. Is there a form of happiness
beyond the mere repetition of pleasure and avoidance of pain? Is there a happiness that does not
depend upon having one’s favorite foods available, or friends and loved ones within arm’s
reach, or good books to read, or something to look forward to on the weekend? Is it possible to
be happy before anything happens, before one’s desires are gratified, in spite of life’s
difficulties, in the very midst of physical pain, old age, disease, and death?
We are all, in some sense, living our answer to this question—and most of us are living as
though the answer were “no.” No, nothing is more profound than repeating one’s pleasures and
avoiding one’s pains; nothing is more profound than seeking satisfaction—sensory, emotional,
and intellectual—moment after moment. Just keep your foot on the gas until you run out of road.
Certain people, however, come to suspect that human existence might encompass more than
this. Many of them are led to suspect this by religion—by the claims of the Buddha or Jesus or
some other celebrated figure. And such people often begin to practice various disciplines of
attention as a means of examining their experience closely enough to see whether a deeper
source of well-being exists. They may even sequester themselves in caves or monasteries for
months or years at a time to facilitate this process. Why would a person do this? No doubt there
are many motives for retreating from the world, and some of them are psychologically
unhealthy. In its wisest form, however, the exercise amounts to a very simple experiment. Here
is its logic: If there exists a source of psychological well-being that does not depend upon
merely gratifying one’s desires, then it should be present even when all the usual sources of
pleasure have been removed. Such happiness should be available to a person who has declined
to marry her high school sweetheart, renounced her career and material possessions, and gone
off to a cave or some other spot that is inhospitable to ordinary aspirations.
One clue to how daunting most people would find such a project is the fact that solitary
confinement—which is essentially what we are talking about—is considered a punishment
inside a maximum-security prison. Even when forced to live among murderers and rapists, most
people still prefer the company of others to spending any significant amount of time alone in a
room. And yet contemplatives in many traditions claim to experience extraordinary depths of
psychological well-being while living in isolation for vast stretches of time. How should we
interpret this? Either the contemplative literature is a catalogue of religious delusion,
psychopathology, and deliberate fraud, or people have been having liberating insights under the
name of “spirituality” and “mysticism” for millennia.
Unlike many atheists, I have spent much of my life seeking experiences of the kind that gave
rise to the world’s religions. Despite the painful results of my first few days alone in the
mountains of Colorado, I later studied with a wide range of monks, lamas, yogis, and other
contemplatives, some of whom had lived for decades in seclusion doing nothing but meditating.

In the process, I spent two years on silent retreat myself (in increments of one week to three
months), practicing various techniques of meditation for twelve to eighteen hours a day.
I can attest that when one goes into silence and meditates for weeks or months at a time,
doing nothing else—not speaking, reading, or writing, just making a moment-to-moment effort to
observe the contents of consciousness—one has experiences that are generally unavailable to
people who have not undertaken a similar practice. I believe that such states of mind have a lot
to say about the nature of consciousness and the possibilities of human well-being. Leaving
aside the metaphysics, mythology, and sectarian dogma, what contemplatives throughout history
have discovered is that there is an alternative to being continuously spellbound by the
conversation we are having with ourselves; there is an alternative to simply identifying with the
next thought that pops into consciousness. And glimpsing this alternative dispels the
conventional illusion of the self.
Most traditions of spirituality also suggest a connection between self-transcendence and
living ethically. Not all good feelings have an ethical valence, and pathological forms of
ecstasy surely exist. I have no doubt, for instance, that many suicide bombers feel
extraordinarily good just before they detonate themselves in a crowd. But there are also forms
of mental pleasure that are intrinsically ethical. As I indicated earlier, for some states of
consciousness, a phrase like “boundless love” does not seem overblown. It is decidedly
inconvenient for the forces of reason and secularism that if someone wakes up tomorrow feeling
boundless love for all sentient beings, the only people likely to acknowledge the legitimacy of
his experience will be representatives of one or another Iron Age religion or New Age cult.
Most of us are far wiser than we may appear to be. We know how to keep our relationships in
order, to use our time well, to improve our health, to lose weight, to learn valuable skills, and
to solve many other riddles of existence. But following even the straight and open path to
happiness is hard. If your best friend were to ask how she could live a better life, you would
probably find many useful things to say, and yet you might not live that way yourself. On one
level, wisdom is nothing more profound than an ability to follow one’s own advice. However,
there are deeper insights to be had about the nature of our minds. Unfortunately, they have been
discussed entirely in the context of religion and, therefore, have been shrouded in fallacy and
superstition for all of human history.
The problem of finding happiness in this world arrives with our first breath—and our needs
and desires seem to multiply by the hour. To spend any time in the presence of a young child is
to witness a mind ceaselessly buffeted by joy and sorrow. As we grow older, our laughter and
tears become less gratuitous, perhaps, but the same process of change continues: One roiling
complex of thought and emotion is followed by the next, like waves in the ocean.
Seeking, finding, maintaining, and safeguarding our well-being is the great project to which
we all are devoted, whether or not we choose to think in these terms. This is not to say that we
want mere pleasure or the easiest possible life. Many things require extraordinary effort to
accomplish, and some of us learn to enjoy the struggle. Any athlete knows that certain kinds of
pain can be exquisitely pleasurable. The burn of lifting weights, for instance, would be

excruciating if it were a symptom of terminal illness. But because it is associated with health
and fitness, most people find it enjoyable. Here we see that cognition and emotion are not
separate. The way we think about experience can completely determine how we feel about it.
And we always face tensions and trade-offs. In some moments we crave excitement and in
others rest. We might love the taste of wine and chocolate, but rarely for breakfast. Whatever
the context, our minds are perpetually moving—generally toward pleasure (or its imagined
source) and away from pain. I am not the first person to have noticed this.
Our struggle to navigate the space of possible pains and pleasures produces most of human
culture. Medical science attempts to prolong our health and to reduce the suffering associated
with illness, aging, and death. All forms of media cater to our thirst for information and
entertainment. Political and economic institutions seek to ensure our peaceful collaboration
with one another—and the police or the military is summoned when they fail. Beyond ensuring
our survival, civilization is a vast machine invented by the human mind to regulate its states.
We are ever in the process of creating and repairing a world that our minds want to be in. And
wherever we look, we see the evidence of our successes and our failures. Unfortunately, failure
enjoys a natural advantage. Wrong answers to any problem outnumber right ones by a wide
margin, and it seems that it will always be easier to break things than to fix them.
Despite the beauty of our world and the scope of human accomplishment, it is hard not to
worry that the forces of chaos will triumph—not merely in the end but in every moment. Our
pleasures, however refined or easily acquired, are by their very nature fleeting. They begin to
subside the instant they arise, only to be replaced by fresh desires or feelings of discomfort.
You can’t get enough of your favorite meal until, in the next moment, you find you are so stuffed
as to nearly require the attention of a surgeon—and yet, by some quirk of physics, you still have
room for dessert. The pleasure of dessert lasts a few seconds, and then the lingering taste in
your mouth must be banished by a drink of water. The warmth of the sun feels wonderful on
your skin, but soon it becomes too much of a good thing. A move to the shade brings immediate
relief, but after a minute or two, the breeze is just a little too cold. Do you have a sweater in the
car? Let’s take a look. Yes, there it is. You’re warm now, but you notice that your sweater has
seen better days. Does it make you look carefree or disheveled? Perhaps it is time to go
shopping for something new. And so it goes.
We seem to do little more than lurch between wanting and not wanting. Thus, the question
naturally arises: Is there more to life than this? Might it be possible to feel much better (in every
sense of better) than one tends to feel? Is it possible to find lasting fulfillment despite the
inevitability of change?
Spiritual life begins with a suspicion that the answer to such questions could well be “yes.”
And a true spiritual practitioner is someone who has discovered that it is possible to be at ease
in the world for no reason, if only for a few moments at a time, and that such ease is
synonymous with transcending the apparent boundaries of the self. Those who have never tasted
such peace of mind might view these assertions as highly suspect. Nevertheless, it is a fact that
a condition of selfless well-being is there to be glimpsed in each moment. Of course, I’m not
claiming to have experienced all such states, but I meet many people who appear to have
experienced none of them—and these people often profess to have no interest in spiritual life.

This is not surprising. The phenomenon of self-transcendence is generally sought and
interpreted in a religious context, and it is precisely the sort of experience that tends to increase
a person’s faith. How many Christians, having once felt their hearts grow as wide as the world,
will decide to ditch Christianity and proclaim their atheism? Not many, I suspect. How many
people who have never felt anything of the kind become atheists? I don’t know, but there is little
doubt that these mental states act as a kind of filter: The faithful count them in support of ancient
dogma, and their absence gives nonbelievers further reason to reject religion.
This is a difficult problem for me to address in the context of a book, because many readers
will have no idea what I’m talking about when I describe certain spiritual experiences and
might assume that the assertions I’m making must be accepted on faith. Religious readers
present a different challenge: They may think they know exactly what I’m describing, but only
insofar as it aligns with one or another religious doctrine. It seems to me that both these
attitudes present impressive obstacles to understanding spirituality in the way that I intend. I can
only hope that, whatever your background, you will approach the exercises presented in this
book with an open mind.
RELIGION, EAST AND WEST

We are often encouraged to believe that all religions are the same: All teach the same ethical
principles; all urge their followers to contemplate the same divine reality; all are equally wise,
compassionate, and true within their sphere—or equally divisive and false, depending on one’s
view.
No serious adherents of any faith can believe these things, because most religions make
claims about reality that are mutually incompatible. Exceptions to this rule exist, but they
provide little relief from what is essentially a zero-sum contest of all against all. The
polytheism of Hinduism allows it to digest parts of many other faiths: If Christians insist that
Jesus Christ is the son of God, for instance, Hindus can make him yet another avatar of Vishnu
without losing any sleep. But this spirit of inclusiveness points in one direction only, and even
it has its limits. Hindus are committed to specific metaphysical ideas—the law of karma and
rebirth, a multiplicity of gods—that almost every other major religion decries. It is impossible
for any faith, no matter how elastic, to fully honor the truth claims of another.
Devout Jews, Christians, and Muslims believe that theirs is the one true and complete
revelation—because that is what their holy books say of themselves. Only secularists and New
Age dabblers can mistake the modern tactic of “interfaith dialogue” for an underlying unity of
all religions.
I have long argued that confusion about the unity of religions is an artifact of language.
Religion is a term like sports: Some sports are peaceful but spectacularly dangerous (“free
solo” rock climbing); some are safer but synonymous with violence (mixed martial arts); and
some entail little more risk of injury than standing in the shower (bowling). To speak of sports
as a generic activity makes it impossible to discuss what athletes actually do or the physical
attributes required to do it. What do all sports have in common apart from breathing? Not much.
The term religion is hardly more useful.
The same could be said of spirituality. The esoteric doctrines found within every religious

tradition are not all derived from the same insights. Nor are they equally empirical, logical,
parsimonious, or wise. They don’t always point to the same underlying reality—and when they
do, they don’t do it equally well. Nor are all these teachings equally suited for export beyond
the cultures that first conceived them.
Making distinctions of this kind, however, is deeply unfashionable in intellectual circles. In
my experience, people do not want to hear that Islam supports violence in a way that Jainism
doesn’t, or that Buddhism offers a truly sophisticated, empirical approach to understanding the
human mind, whereas Christianity presents an almost perfect impediment to such understanding.
In many circles, to make invidious comparisons of this kind is to stand convicted of bigotry.
In one sense, all religions and spiritual practices must address the same reality—because
people of all faiths have glimpsed many of the same truths. Any view of consciousness and the
cosmos that is available to the human mind can, in principle, be appreciated by anyone. It is not
surprising, therefore, that individual Jews, Christians, Muslims, and Buddhists have given
voice to some of the same insights and intuitions. This merely indicates that human cognition
and emotion run deeper than religion. (But we knew that, didn’t we?) It does not suggest that all
religions understand our spiritual possibilities equally well.
One way of missing this point is to declare that all spiritual teachings are inflections of the
same “Perennial Philosophy.” The writer Aldous Huxley brought this idea into prominence by
publishing an anthology by that title. Here is how he justified the idea:
Philosophia perennis—the phrase was coined by Leibniz; but the thing—the metaphysic
that recognizes a divine Reality substantial to the world of things and lives and minds; the
psychology that finds in the soul something similar to, or even identical with, divine
Reality; the ethic that places man’s final end in the knowledge of the immanent and
transcendent Ground of all being—the thing is immemorial and universal. Rudiments of
the Perennial Philosophy may be found among the traditionary lore of primitive peoples
in every region of the world, and in its fully developed forms it has a place in every one
of the higher religions. A version of this Highest Common Factor in all preceding and
subsequent theologies was first committed to writing more than twenty-five centuries ago,
and since that time the inexhaustible theme has been treated again and again, from the
standpoint of every religious tradition and in all the principal languages of Asia and
Europe.2
Although Huxley was being reasonably cautious in his wording, this notion of a “highest
common factor” uniting all religions begins to break apart the moment one presses for details.
For instance, the Abrahamic religions are incorrigibly dualistic and faith-based: In Judaism,
Christianity, and Islam, the human soul is conceived as genuinely separate from the divine
reality of God. The appropriate attitude for a creature that finds itself in this circumstance is
some combination of terror, shame, and awe. In the best case, notions of God’s love and grace
provide some relief—but the central message of these faiths is that each of us is separate from,
and in relationship to, a divine authority who will punish anyone who harbors the slightest
doubt about His supremacy.

The Eastern tradition presents a very different picture of reality. And its highest teachings—
found within the various schools of Buddhism and the nominally Hindu tradition of Advaita
Vedanta—explicitly transcend dualism. By their lights, consciousness itself is identical to the
very reality that one might otherwise mistake for God. While these teachings make metaphysical
claims that any serious student of science should find incredible, they center on a range of
experiences that the doctrines of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam rule out-of-bounds.
Of course, it is true that specific Jewish, Christian, and Muslim mystics have had
experiences similar to those that motivate Buddhism and Advaita, but these contemplative
insights are not exemplary of their faith. Rather, they are anomalies that Western mystics have
always struggled to understand and to honor, often at considerable personal risk. Given their
proper weight, these experiences produce heterodoxies for which Jews, Christians, and
Muslims have been regularly exiled or killed.
Like Huxley, anyone determined to find a happy synthesis among spiritual traditions will
notice that the Christian mystic Meister Eckhart (ca. 1260–ca. 1327) often sounded very much
like a Buddhist: “The knower and the known are one. Simple people imagine that they should
see God, as if He stood there and they here. This is not so. God and I, we are one in
knowledge.” But he also sounded like a man bound to be excommunicated by his church—as he
was. Had Eckhart lived a little longer, it seems certain that he would have been dragged into the
street and burned alive for these expansive ideas. That is a telling difference between
Christianity and Buddhism.
In the same vein, it is misleading to hold up the Sufi mystic Al-Hallaj (858–922) as a
representative of Islam. He was a Muslim, yes, but he suffered the most grisly death imaginable
at the hands of his coreligionists for presuming to be one with God. Both Eckhart and Al-Hallaj
gave voice to an experience of self-transcendence that any human being can, in principle, enjoy.
However, their views were not consistent with the central teachings of their faiths.
The Indian tradition is comparatively free of problems of this kind. Although the teachings of
Buddhism and Advaita are embedded in more or less conventional religions, they contain
empirical insights about the nature of consciousness that do not depend upon faith. One can
practice most techniques of Buddhist meditation or the method of self-inquiry of Advaita and
experience the advertised changes in one’s consciousness without ever believing in the law of
karma or in the miracles attributed to Indian mystics. To get started as a Christian, however,
one must first accept a dozen implausible things about the life of Jesus and the origins of the
Bible—and the same can be said, minus a few unimportant details, about Judaism and Islam. If
one should happen to discover that the sense of being an individual soul is an illusion, one will
be guilty of blasphemy everywhere west of the Indus.
There is no question that many religious disciplines can produce interesting experiences in
suitable minds. It should be clear, however, that engaging a faith-based (and probably
delusional) practice, whatever its effects, isn’t the same as investigating the nature of one’s
mind absent any doctrinal assumptions. Statements of this kind may seem starkly antagonistic
toward Abrahamic religions, but they are nonetheless true: One can speak about Buddhism
shorn of its miracles and irrational assumptions. The same cannot be said of Christianity or
Islam.3

Western engagement with Eastern spirituality dates back at least as far as Alexander’s
campaign in India, where the young conqueror and his pet philosophers encountered naked
ascetics whom they called “gymnosophists.” It is often said that the thinking of these yogis
greatly influenced the philosopher Pyrrho, the father of Greek skepticism. This seems a credible
claim, because Pyrrho’s teachings had much in common with Buddhism. But his contemplative
insights and methods never became part of any system of thought in the West.
Serious study of Eastern thought by outsiders did not begin until the late eighteenth century.
The first translation of a Sanskrit text into a Western language appears to have been Sir Charles
Wilkins’s rendering of the Bhagavad Gita, a cornerstone text of Hinduism, in 1785. The
Buddhist canon would not attract the attention of Western scholars for another hundred years.4
The conversation between East and West started in earnest, albeit inauspiciously, with the
birth of the Theosophical Society, that golem of spiritual hunger and self-deception brought into
this world almost single-handedly by the incomparable Madame Helena Petrovna Blavatsky in
1875. Everything about Blavatsky seemed to defy earthly logic: She was an enormously fat
woman who was said to have wandered alone and undetected for seven years in the mountains
of Tibet. She was also thought to have survived shipwrecks, gunshot wounds, and sword fights.
Even less persuasively, she claimed to be in psychic contact with members of the “Great White
Brotherhood” of ascended masters—a collection of immortals responsible for the evolution and
maintenance of the entire cosmos. Their leader hailed from the planet Venus but lived in the
mythical kingdom of Shambhala, which Blavatsky placed somewhere in the vicinity of the Gobi
Desert. With the suspiciously bureaucratic name “the Lord of the World,” he supervised the
work of other adepts, including the Buddha, Maitreya, Maha Chohan, and one Koot Hoomi, who
appears to have had nothing better to do on behalf of the cosmos than to impart its secrets to
Blavatsky.5
It is always surprising when a person attracts legions of followers and builds a large
organization on their largesse while peddling penny-arcade mythology of this kind. But perhaps
this was less remarkable in a time when even the best-educated people were still struggling to
come to terms with electricity, evolution, and the existence of other planets. We can easily
forget how suddenly the world had shrunk and the cosmos expanded as the nineteenth century
came to a close. The geographical barriers between distant cultures had been stripped away by
trade and conquest (one could now order a gin and tonic almost everywhere on earth), and yet
the reality of unseen forces and alien worlds was a daily focus of the most careful scientific
research. Inevitably, cross-cultural and scientific discoveries were mingled in the popular
imagination with religious dogma and traditional occultism. In fact, this had been happening at
the highest level of human thought for more than a century: It is always instructive to recall that
the father of modern physics, Isaac Newton, squandered a considerable portion of his genius on
the study of theology, biblical prophecy, and alchemy.
The inability to distinguish the strange but true from the merely strange was common enough
in Blavatsky’s time—as it is in our own. Blavatsky’s contemporary Joseph Smith, a libidinous
con man and crackpot, was able to found a new religion on the claim that he had unearthed the
final revelations of God in the hallowed precincts of Manchester, New York, written in

“reformed Egyptian” on golden plates. He decoded this text with the aid of magical “seer
stones,” which, whether by magic or not, allowed Smith to produce an English version of God’s
Word that was an embarrassing pastiche of plagiarisms from the Bible and silly lies about
Jesus’s life in America. And yet the resulting edifice of nonsense and taboo survives to this day.
A more modern cult, Scientology, leverages human credulity to an even greater degree:
Adherents believe that human beings are possessed by the souls of extraterrestrials who were
condemned to planet Earth 75 million years ago by the galactic overlord Xenu. How was their
exile accomplished? The old-fashioned way: These aliens were shuttled by the billions to our
humble planet aboard a spacecraft that resembled a DC-8. They were then imprisoned in a
volcano and blasted to bits with hydrogen bombs. Their souls survived, however, and
disentangling them from our own can be the work of a lifetime. It is also expensive.6
Despite the imponderables in her philosophy, Blavatsky was among the first people to
announce in Western circles that there was such a thing as the “wisdom of the East.” This
wisdom began to trickle westward once Swami Vivekananda introduced the teachings of
Vedanta at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893. Again, Buddhism lagged
behind: A few Western monks living on the island of Sri Lanka were beginning to translate the
Pali Canon, which remains the most authoritative record of the teachings of the historical
Buddha, Siddhartha Gautama. However, the practice of Buddhist meditation wouldn’t actually
be taught in the West for another half century.
It is easy enough to find fault with romantic ideas about Eastern wisdom, and a tradition of such
criticism sprang up almost the instant the first Western seeker sat cross-legged and attempted to
meditate. In the late 1950s, the author and journalist Arthur Koestler traveled to India and Japan
in search of wisdom and summarized his pilgrimage thus: “I started my journey in sackcloth and
ashes, and came back rather proud of being a European.”7
In The Lotus and the Robot, Koestler gives some of his reasons for being less than awed by
his journey to the East. Consider, for example, the ancient discipline of hatha yoga. While now
generally viewed as a system of physical exercises designed to increase a person’s strength and
flexibility, in its traditional context hatha yoga is part of a larger effort to manipulate “subtle”
features of the body unknown to anatomists. No doubt much of this subtlety corresponds to
experiences that yogis actually have—but many of the beliefs formed on the basis of these
experiences are patently absurd, and certain of the associated practices are both silly and
injurious.
Koestler reports that the aspiring yogi is traditionally encouraged to lengthen his tongue—
even going so far as to cut the frenulum (the membrane that anchors the tongue to the floor of the
mouth) and stretch the soft palate. What is the purpose of these modifications? They enable our
hero to insert his tongue into his nasopharynx, thereby blocking the flow of air through the
nostrils. His anatomy thus improved, a yogi can then imbibe subtle liquors believed to emanate
directly from his brain. These substances—imagined, by recourse to further subtleties, to be
connected to the retention of semen—are said to confer not only spiritual wisdom but
immortality. This technique of drinking mucus is known as khechari mudra, and it is thought to

be one of the crowning achievements of yoga.
I’m more than happy to score a point for Koestler here. Needless to say, no defense of such
practices will be found in this book.
Criticism of Eastern wisdom can seem especially pertinent when coming from Easterners
themselves. There is indeed something preposterous about well-educated Westerners racing
East in search of spiritual enlightenment while Easterners make the opposite pilgrimage seeking
education and economic opportunities. I have a friend whose own adventures may have marked
a high point in this global comedy. He made his first trip to India immediately after graduating
from college, having already acquired several yogic affectations: He had the requisite beads
and long hair, but he was also in the habit of writing the name of the Hindu god Ram in
Devanagari script over and over in a journal. On the flight to the motherland, he had the good
fortune to be seated next to an Indian businessman. This weary traveler thought he had
witnessed every species of human folly—until he caught sight of my friend’s scribbling. The
spectacle of a Western-born Stanford graduate, of working age, holding degrees in both
economics and history, devoting himself to the graphomaniacal worship of an imaginary deity in
a language he could neither read nor understand was more than this man could abide in a
confined space at 30,000 feet. After a testy exchange, the two travelers could only stare at each
other in mutual incomprehension and pity—and they had ten hours yet to fly. There really are
two sides to such a conversation, but I concede that only one of them can be made to look
ridiculous.
We can also grant that Eastern wisdom has not produced societies or political institutions
that are any better than their Western counterparts; in fact, one could argue that India has
survived as the world’s largest democracy only because of institutions that were built under
British rule. Nor has the East led the world in scientific discovery. Nevertheless, there is
something to the notion of uniquely Eastern wisdom, and most of it has been concentrated in or
derived from the tradition of Buddhism.
Buddhism has been of special interest to Western scientists for reasons already hinted at. It isn’t
primarily a faith-based religion, and its central teachings are entirely empirical. Despite the
superstitions that many Buddhists cherish, the doctrine has a practical and logical core that does
not require any unwarranted assumptions. Many Westerners have recognized this and have been
relieved to find a spiritual alternative to faith-based worship. It is no accident that most of the
scientific research now done on meditation focuses primarily on Buddhist techniques.
Another reason for Buddhism’s prominence among scientists has been the intellectual
engagement of one of its most visible representatives: Tenzin Gyatso, the fourteenth Dalai
Lama. Of course, the Dalai Lama is not without his critics. My late friend Christopher Hitchens
meted out justice to “his holiness” on several occasions. He also castigated Western students of
Buddhism for the “widely and lazily held belief that ‘Oriental’ religion is different from other
faiths: less dogmatic, more contemplative, more . . . Transcendental,” and for the “blissful,
thoughtless exceptionalism” with which Buddhism is regarded by many.8
Hitch did have a point. In his capacity as the head of one of the four branches of Tibetan

Buddhism and as the former leader of the Tibetan government in exile, the Dalai Lama has
made some questionable claims and formed some embarrassing alliances. Although his
engagement with science is far-reaching and surely sincere, the man is not above consulting an
astrologer or “oracle” when making important decisions. I will have something to say in this
book about many of the things that might have justified Hitch’s opprobrium, but the general
thrust of his commentary here was all wrong. Several Eastern traditions are exceptionally
empirical and exceptionally wise, and therefore merit the exceptionalism claimed by their
adherents.
Buddhism in particular possesses a literature on the nature of the mind that has no peer in
Western religion or Western science. Some of these teachings are cluttered with metaphysical
assumptions that should provoke our doubts, but many aren’t. And when engaged as a set of
hypotheses by which to investigate the mind and deepen one’s ethical life, Buddhism can be an
entirely rational enterprise.
Unlike the doctrines of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, the teachings of Buddhism are not
considered by their adherents to be the product of infallible revelation. They are, rather,
empirical instructions: If you do X, you will experience Y. Although many Buddhists have a
superstitious and cultic attachment to the historical Buddha, the teachings of Buddhism present
him as an ordinary human being who succeeded in understanding the nature of his own mind.
Buddha means “awakened one”—and Siddhartha Gautama was merely a man who woke up
from the dream of being a separate self. Compare this with the Christian view of Jesus, who is
imagined to be the son of the creator of the universe. This is a very different proposition, and it
renders Christianity, no matter how fully divested of metaphysical baggage, all but irrelevant to
a scientific discussion about the human condition.
The teachings of Buddhism, and of Eastern spirituality generally, focus on the primacy of the
mind. There are dangers in this way of viewing the world, to be sure. Focusing on training the
mind to the exclusion of all else can lead to political quietism and hive-like conformity. The
fact that your mind is all you have and that it is possible to be at peace even in difficult
circumstances can become an argument for ignoring obvious societal problems. But it is not a
compelling one. The world is in desperate need of improvement—in global terms, freedom and
prosperity remain the exception—and yet this doesn’t mean we need to be miserable while we
work for the common good.
In fact, the teachings of Buddhism emphasize a connection between ethical and spiritual life.
Making progress in one domain lays a foundation for progress in the other. One can, for
instance, spend long periods of time in contemplative solitude for the purpose of becoming a
better person in the world—having better relationships, being more honest and compassionate
and, therefore, more helpful to one’s fellow human beings. Being wisely selfish and being
selfless can amount to very much the same thing. There are centuries of anecdotal testimony on
this point—and, as we will see, the scientific study of the mind has begun to bear it out. There
is now little question that how one uses one’s attention, moment to moment, largely determines
what kind of person one becomes. Our minds—and lives—are largely shaped by how we use
them.
Although the experience of self-transcendence is, in principle, available to everyone, this

possibility is only weakly attested to in the religious and philosophical literature of the West.
Only Buddhists and students of Advaita Vedanta (which appears to have been heavily
influenced by Buddhism) have been absolutely clear in asserting that spiritual life consists in
overcoming the illusion of the self by paying close attention to our experience in the present
moment.9
As I wrote in my first book, The End of Faith, the disparity between Eastern and Western
spirituality resembles that found between Eastern and Western medicine—with the arrow of
embarrassment pointing in the opposite direction. Humanity did not understand the biology of
cancer, develop antibiotics and vaccines, or sequence the human genome under an Eastern sun.
Consequently, real medicine is almost entirely a product of Western science. Insofar as specific
techniques of Eastern medicine actually work, they must conform, whether by design or by
happenstance, to the principles of biology as we have come to know them in the West. This is
not to say that Western medicine is complete. In a few decades, many of our current practices
will seem barbaric. One need only ponder the list of side effects that accompany most
medications to appreciate that these are terribly blunt instruments. Nevertheless, most of our
knowledge about the human body—and about the physical universe generally—emerged in the
West. The rest is instinct, folklore, bewilderment, and untimely death.
An honest comparison of spiritual traditions, Eastern and Western, proves equally invidious.
As manuals for contemplative understanding, the Bible and the Koran are worse than useless.
Whatever wisdom can be found in their pages is never best found there, and it is subverted,
time and again, by ancient savagery and superstition.
Again, one must deploy the necessary caveats: I am not saying that most Buddhists or Hindus
have been sophisticated contemplatives. Their traditions have spawned many of the same
pathologies we see elsewhere among the faithful: dogmatism, anti-intellectualism, tribalism,
otherworldliness. However, the empirical difference between the central teachings of
Buddhism and Advaita and those of Western monotheism is difficult to overstate. One can
traverse the Eastern paths simply by becoming interested in the nature of one’s own mind—
especially in the immediate causes of psychological suffering—and by paying closer attention
to one’s experience in every present moment. There is, in truth, nothing one need believe. The
teachings of Buddhism and Advaita are best viewed as lab manuals and explorers’ logs
detailing the results of empirical research on the nature of human consciousness.
Nearly every geographical or linguistic barrier to the free exchange of ideas has now fallen
away. It seems to me, therefore, that educated people no longer have a right to any form of
spiritual provincialism. The truths of Eastern spirituality are now no more Eastern than the
truths of Western science are Western. We are merely talking about human consciousness and
its possible states. My purpose in writing this book is to encourage you to investigate certain
contemplative insights for yourself, without accepting the metaphysical ideas that they inspired
in ignorant and isolated peoples of the past.

A final word of caution: Nothing I say here is intended as a denial of the fact that psychological
well-being requires a healthy “sense of self”—with all the capacities that this vague phrase
implies. Children need to become autonomous, confident, and self-aware in order to form
healthy relationships. And they must acquire a host of other cognitive, emotional, and
interpersonal skills in the process of becoming sane and productive adults. Which is to say that
there is a time and a place for everything—unless, of course, there isn’t. No doubt there are
psychological conditions, such as schizophrenia, for which practices of the sort I recommend in
this book might be inappropriate. Some people find the experience of an extended, silent retreat
psychologically destabilizing.10 Again, an analogy to physical training seems apropos: Not
everyone is suited to running a six-minute mile or bench-pressing his own body weight. But
many quite ordinary people are capable of these feats, and there are better and worse ways to
accomplish them. What is more, the same principles of fitness generally apply even to people
whose abilities are limited by illness or injury.
So I want to make it clear that the instructions in this book are intended for readers who are
adults (more or less) and free from any psychological or medical conditions that could be
exacerbated by meditation or other techniques of sustained introspection. If paying attention to
your breath, to bodily sensations, to the flow of thoughts, or to the nature of consciousness itself
seems likely to cause you clinically significant anguish, please check with a psychologist or a
psychiatrist before engaging in the practices I describe.
MINDFULNESS

It is always now. This might sound trite, but it is the truth. It’s not quite true as a matter of
neurology, because our minds are built upon layers of inputs whose timing we know must be
different.11 But it is true as a matter of conscious experience. The reality of your life is always
now. And to realize this, we will see, is liberating. In fact, I think there is nothing more
important to understand if you want to be happy in this world.
But we spend most of our lives forgetting this truth—overlooking it, fleeing it, repudiating it.
And the horror is that we succeed. We manage to avoid being happy while struggling to become
happy, fulfilling one desire after the next, banishing our fears, grasping at pleasure, recoiling
from pain—and thinking, interminably, about how best to keep the whole works up and running.
As a consequence, we spend our lives being far less content than we might otherwise be. We
often fail to appreciate what we have until we have lost it. We crave experiences, objects,
relationships, only to grow bored with them. And yet the craving persists. I speak from
experience, of course.
As a remedy for this predicament, many spiritual teachings ask us to entertain unfounded
ideas about the nature of reality—or at the very least to develop a fondness for the iconography
and rituals of one or another religion. But not all paths traverse the same rough ground. There
are methods of meditation that do not require any artifice or unwarranted assumptions at all.
For beginners, I usually recommend a technique called vipassana (Pali for “insight”), which
comes from the oldest tradition of Buddhism, the Theravada. One of the advantages of
vipassana is that it can be taught in an entirely secular way. Experts in this practice generally
acquire their training in a Buddhist context, and most retreat centers in the United States and

Europe teach its associated Buddhist philosophy. Nevertheless, this method of introspection can
be brought into any secular or scientific context without embarrassment. (The same cannot be
said for the practice of chanting to Lord Krishna while banging a drum.) That is why vipassana
is now being widely studied and adopted by psychologists and neuroscientists.
The quality of mind cultivated in vipassana is almost always referred to as “mindfulness,”
and the literature on its psychological benefits is now substantial. There is nothing spooky about
mindfulness. It is simply a state of clear, nonjudgmental, and undistracted attention to the
contents of consciousness, whether pleasant or unpleasant. Cultivating this quality of mind has
been shown to reduce pain, anxiety, and depression; improve cognitive function; and even
produce changes in gray matter density in regions of the brain related to learning and memory,
emotional regulation, and self-awareness.12 We will look more closely at the neurophysiology
of mindfulness in a later chapter.
Mindfulness is a translation of the Pali word sati. The term has several meanings in the
Buddhist literature, but for our purposes the most important is “clear awareness.” The practice
was first described in the Satipatthana Sutta,13 which is part of the Pali Canon. Like many
Buddhist texts, the Satipatthana Sutta is highly repetitive and, for anything but an avid student
of Buddhism, exceptionally boring to read. However, when one compares texts of this kind with
the Bible or the Koran, the difference is unmistakable: The Satipatthana Sutta is not a
collection of ancient myths, superstitions, and taboos; it is a rigorously empirical guide to
freeing the mind from suffering.
The Buddha described four foundations of mindfulness, which he taught as “the direct path
for the purification of beings, for the surmounting of sorrow and lamentation, for the
disappearance of pain and grief, for the attainment of the true way, for the realization of
Nibbana” (Sanskrit, Nirvana). The four foundations of mindfulness are the body (breathing,
changes in posture, activities), feelings (the senses of pleasantness, unpleasantness, and
neutrality), the mind (in particular, its moods and attitudes), and the objects of mind (which
include the five senses but also other mental states, such as volition, tranquility, rapture,
equanimity, and even mindfulness itself). It is a peculiar list, at once redundant and incomplete
—a problem that is compounded by the necessity of translating Pali terminology into English.
The obvious message of the text, however, is that the totality of one’s experience can become
the field of contemplation. The meditator is merely instructed to pay attention, “ardently” and
“fully aware” and “free from covetousness and grief for the world.”
There is nothing passive about mindfulness. One might even say that it expresses a specific
kind of passion—a passion for discerning what is subjectively real in every moment. It is a
mode of cognition that is, above all, undistracted, accepting, and (ultimately) nonconceptual.
Being mindful is not a matter of thinking more clearly about experience; it is the act of
experiencing more clearly, including the arising of thoughts themselves. Mindfulness is a vivid
awareness of whatever is appearing in one’s mind or body—thoughts, sensations, moods—
without grasping at the pleasant or recoiling from the unpleasant. One of the great strengths of
this technique of meditation, from a secular point of view, is that it does not require us to adopt
any cultural affectations or unjustified beliefs. It simply demands that we pay close attention to
the flow of experience in each moment.

The principal enemy of mindfulness—or of any meditative practice—is our deeply
conditioned habit of being distracted by thoughts. The problem is not thoughts themselves but
the state of thinking without knowing that we are thinking. In fact, thoughts of all kinds can be
perfectly good objects of mindfulness. In the early stages of one’s practice, however, the arising
of thought will be more or less synonymous with distraction—that is, with a failure to meditate.
Most people who believe they are meditating are merely thinking with their eyes closed. By
practicing mindfulness, however, one can awaken from the dream of discursive thought and
begin to see each arising image, idea, or bit of language vanish without a trace. What remains is
consciousness itself, with its attendant sights, sounds, sensations, and thoughts appearing and
changing in every moment.
In the beginning of one’s meditation practice, the difference between ordinary experience
and what one comes to consider “mindfulness” is not very clear, and it takes some training to
distinguish between being lost in thought and seeing thoughts for what they are. In this sense,
learning to meditate is just like acquiring any other skill. It takes many thousands of repetitions
to throw a good jab or to coax music from the strings of a guitar. With practice, mindfulness
becomes a well-formed habit of attention, and the difference between it and ordinary thinking
will become increasingly clear. Eventually, it begins to seem as if you are repeatedly
awakening from a dream to find yourself safely in bed. No matter how terrible the dream, the
relief is instantaneous. And yet it is difficult to stay awake for more than a few seconds at a
time.
My friend Joseph Goldstein, one of the finest vipassana teachers I know, likens this shift in
awareness to the experience of being fully immersed in a film and then suddenly realizing that
you are sitting in a theater watching a mere play of light on a wall. Your perception is
unchanged, but the spell is broken. Most of us spend every waking moment lost in the movie of
our lives. Until we see that an alternative to this enchantment exists, we are entirely at the
mercy of appearances. Again, the difference I am describing is not a matter of achieving a new
conceptual understanding or of adopting new beliefs about the nature of reality. The change
comes when we experience the present moment prior to the arising of thought.
The Buddha taught mindfulness as the appropriate response to the truth of dukkha, usually
translated from the Pali, somewhat misleadingly, as “suffering.” A better translation would be
“unsatisfactoriness.” Suffering may not be inherent in life, but unsatisfactoriness is. We crave
lasting happiness in the midst of change: Our bodies age, cherished objects break, pleasures
fade, relationships fail. Our attachment to the good things in life and our aversion to the bad
amount to a denial of these realities, and this inevitably leads to feelings of dissatisfaction.
Mindfulness is a technique for achieving equanimity amid the flux, allowing us to simply be
aware of the quality of experience in each moment, whether pleasant or unpleasant. This may
seem like a recipe for apathy, but it needn’t be. It is actually possible to be mindful—and,
therefore, to be at peace with the present moment—even while working to change the world for
the better.
Mindfulness meditation is extraordinarily simple to describe, but it isn’t easy to perform.
True mastery might require special talent and a lifetime of devotion to the task, and yet a
genuine transformation in one’s perception of the world is within reach for most of us. Practice

is the only thing that will lead to success. The simple instructions given in the box that follows
are analogous to instructions on how to walk a tightrope—which, I assume, must go something
like this:
1. Find a horizontal cable that can support your weight.
2. Stand on one end.
3. Step forward by placing one foot directly in front of the other.
4. Repeat.
5. Don’t fall.
Clearly, steps 2 through 5 entail a little trial and error. Happily, the benefits of training in
meditation arrive long before mastery does. And falling, for our purposes, occurs almost
ceaselessly, every time we become lost in thought. Again, the problem is not thoughts
themselves but the state of thinking without being fully aware that we are thinking.
As every meditator soon discovers, distraction is the normal condition of our minds: Most of
us topple from the wire every second—whether gliding happily into reverie or plunging into
fear, anger, self-hatred, and other negative states of mind. Meditation is a technique for waking
up. The goal is to come out of the trance of discursive thinking and to stop reflexively grasping
at the pleasant and recoiling from the unpleasant, so that we can enjoy a mind undisturbed by
worry, merely open like the sky, and effortlessly aware of the flow of experience in the present.

How to Meditate
1. Sit comfortably, with your spine erect, either in a chair or cross-legged on a cushion.
2. Close your eyes, take a few deep breaths, and feel the points of contact between your
body and the chair or the floor. Notice the sensations associated with sitting—
feelings of pressure, warmth, tingling, vibration, etc.
3. Gradually become aware of the process of breathing. Pay attention to wherever you
feel the breath most distinctly—either at your nostrils or in the rising and falling of
your abdomen.
4. Allow your attention to rest in the mere sensation of breathing. (You don’t have to
control your breath. Just let it come and go naturally.)
5. Every time your mind wanders in thought, gently return it to the breath.
6. As you focus on the process of breathing, you will also perceive sounds, bodily
sensations, or emotions. Simply observe these phenomena as they appear in
consciousness and then return to the breath.
7. The moment you notice that you have been lost in thought, observe the present
thought itself as an object of consciousness. Then return your attention to the breath
—or to any sounds or sensations arising in the next moment.
8. Continue in this way until you can merely witness all objects of consciousness—
sights, sounds, sensations, emotions, even thoughts themselves—as they arise,

change, and pass away.
Those who are new to this practice generally find it useful to hear instructions of this
kind spoken aloud during the course of a meditation session. I have posted guided
meditations of varying length on my website.
THE TRUTH OF SUFFERING

I am sitting in a coffee shop in midtown Manhattan, drinking exactly what I want (coffee), eating
exactly what I want (a cookie), and doing exactly what I want (writing this book). It is a
beautiful fall day, and many of the people passing by on the sidewalk appear to radiate good
fortune from their pores. Several are so physically attractive that I’m beginning to wonder
whether Photoshop can now be applied to the human body. Up and down this street, and for a
mile in each direction, stores sell jewelry, art, and clothing that not even 1 percent of humanity
could hope to purchase.
So what did the Buddha mean when he spoke of the “unsatisfactoriness” (dukkha) of life?
Was he referring merely to the poor and the hungry? Or are these rich and beautiful people
suffering even now? Of course, suffering is all around us—even here, where everything appears
to be going well for the moment.
First, the obvious: Within a few blocks of where I am sitting are hospitals, convalescent
homes, psychiatrists’ offices, and other rooms built to assuage, or merely to contain, some of
the most profound forms of human misery. A man runs over his own child while backing his car
out of the driveway. A woman learns that she has terminal cancer on the eve of her wedding.
We know that the worst can happen to anyone at any time—and most people spend a great deal
of mental energy hoping that it won’t happen to them.
But more subtle forms of suffering can be found, even among people who seem to have every
reason to be satisfied in the present. Although wealth and fame can secure many forms of
pleasure, few of us have any illusions that they guarantee happiness. Anyone who owns a
television or reads the newspaper has seen movie stars, politicians, professional athletes, and
other celebrities ricochet from marriage to marriage and from scandal to scandal. To learn that
a young, attractive, talented, and successful person is nevertheless addicted to drugs or
clinically depressed is to be given almost no cause for surprise.
Yet the unsatisfactoriness of the good life runs deeper than this. Even while living safely
between emergencies, most of us feel a wide range of painful emotions on a daily basis. When
you wake up in the morning, are you filled with joy? How do you feel at work or when looking
in the mirror? How satisfied are you with what you’ve accomplished in life? How much of your
time with your family is spent surrendered to love and gratitude, and how much is spent just
struggling to be happy in one another’s company? Even for extraordinarily lucky people, life is
difficult. And when we look at what makes it so, we see that we are all prisoners of our
thoughts.
And then there is death, which defeats everyone. Most people seem to believe that we have
only two ways to think about death: We can fear it and do our best to ignore it, or we can deny

that it is real. The first strategy leads to a life of conventional worldliness and distraction—we
merely strive for pleasure and success and do our best to keep the reality of death out of view.
The second strategy is the province of religion, which assures us that death is but a doorway to
another world and that the most important opportunities in life occur after the lifetime of the
body. But there is another path, and it seems the only one compatible with intellectual honesty.
That path is the subject of this book.
ENLIGHTENMENT

What is enlightenment, which is so often said to be the ultimate goal of meditation? There are
many esoteric details that we can safely ignore—disagreements among contemplative traditions
about what, exactly, is gained or lost at the end of the spiritual path. Many of these claims are
preposterous. Within most schools of Buddhism, for instance, a buddha—whether the historical
Buddha, Siddhartha Gautama, or any other person who attains the state of “full
enlightenment”—is generally described as “omniscient.” Just what this means is open to a fair
bit of caviling. But however narrowly defined, the claim is absurd. If the historical Buddha
were “omniscient,” he would have been, at minimum, a better mathematician, physicist,
biologist, and Jeopardy contestant than any person who has ever lived. Is it reasonable to
expect that an ascetic in the fifth century BC, by virtue of his meditative insights, spontaneously
became an unprecedented genius in every field of human inquiry, including those that did not
exist at the time in which he lived? Would Siddhartha Gautama have awed Kurt Gödel, Alan
Turing, John von Neumann, and Claude Shannon with his command of mathematical logic and
information theory? Of course not. To think otherwise is pure, religious piety.
Any extension of the notion of “omniscience” to procedural knowledge—that is, to knowing
how to do something—would render the Buddha capable of painting the Sistine Chapel in the
morning and demolishing Roger Federer at Centre Court in the afternoon. Is there any reason to
believe that Siddhartha Gautama, or any other celebrated contemplative, possessed such
abilities by virtue of his spiritual practice? None whatsoever. Nevertheless, many Buddhists
believe that buddhas can do all these things and more. Again, this is religious dogmatism, not a
rational approach to spiritual life.14
I make no claims in support of magic or miracles in this book. However, I can say that the
true goal of meditation is more profound than most people realize—and it does, in fact,
encompass many of the experiences that traditional mystics claim for themselves. It is quite
possible to lose one’s sense of being a separate self and to experience a kind of boundless,
open awareness—to feel, in other words, at one with the cosmos. This says a lot about the
possibilities of human consciousness, but it says nothing about the universe at large. And it
sheds no light at all on the relationship between mind and matter. The fact that it is possible to
love one’s neighbor as oneself should be a great finding for the field of psychology, but it lends
absolutely no credence to the claim that Jesus was the son of God, or even that God exists. Nor
does it suggest that the “energy” of love somehow pervades the cosmos. These are historical
and metaphysical claims that personal experience cannot justify.
However, a phenomenon like self-transcending love does entitle us to make claims about the
human mind. And this particular experience is so well attested and so readily achieved by those

who devote themselves to specific practices (the Buddhist technique of metta meditation, for
instance) or who even take the right drug (MDMA) that there is very little controversy that it
exists. Facts of this kind must now be understood in a rational context.
The traditional goal of meditation is to arrive at a state of well-being that is imperturbable—or
if perturbed, easily regained. The French monk Matthieu Ricard describes such happiness as “a
deep sense of flourishing that arises from an exceptionally healthy mind.”15 The purpose of
meditation is to recognize that you already have such a mind. That discovery, in turn, helps you
to cease doing the things that produce needless confusion and suffering for yourself and others.
Of course, most people never truly master the practice and don’t reach a condition of
imperturbable happiness. The near goal, therefore, is to have an increasingly healthy mind—
that is, to be moving one’s mind in the right direction.
There is nothing novel about trying to become happy. And one can become happy, within
certain limits, without any recourse to the practice of meditation. But conventional sources of
happiness are unreliable, being dependent upon changing conditions. It is difficult to raise a
happy family, to keep yourself and those you love healthy, to acquire wealth and find creative
and fulfilling ways to enjoy it, to form deep friendships, to contribute to society in ways that are
emotionally rewarding, to perfect a wide variety of artistic, athletic, and intellectual skills—
and to keep the machinery of happiness running day after day. There is nothing wrong with
being fulfilled in all these ways—except for the fact that, if you pay close attention, you will
see that there is still something wrong with it. These forms of happiness aren’t good enough.
Our feelings of fulfillment do not last. And the stress of life continues.
So what would a spiritual master be a master of? At a minimum, she will no longer suffer
certain cognitive and emotional illusions—above all, she will no longer feel identical to her
thoughts. Once again, this is not to say that such a person will no longer think, but she would no
longer succumb to the primary confusion that thoughts produce in most of us: She would no
longer feel that there is an inner self who is a thinker of these thoughts. Such a person will
naturally maintain an openness and serenity of mind that is available to most of us only for brief
moments, even after years of practice. I remain agnostic as to whether anyone has achieved such
a state permanently, but I know from direct experience that it is possible to be far more
enlightened than I tend to be.
The question of whether enlightenment is a permanent state need not detain us. The crucial
point is that you can glimpse something about the nature of consciousness that will liberate you
from suffering in the present. Even just recognizing the impermanence of your mental states—
deeply, not merely as an idea—can transform your life. Every mental state you have ever had
has arisen and then passed away. This is a first-person fact—but it is, nonetheless, a fact that
any human being can readily confirm. We don’t have to know any more about the brain or about
the relationship between consciousness and the physical world to understand this truth about
our own minds. The promise of spiritual life—indeed, the very thing that makes it “spiritual” in
the sense I invoke throughout this book—is that there are truths about the mind that we are better
off knowing. What we need to become happier and to make the world a better place is not more

pious illusions but a clearer understanding of the way things are.
The moment we admit the possibility of attaining contemplative insights—and of training
one’s mind for that purpose—we must acknowledge that people naturally fall at different points
on a continuum between ignorance and wisdom. Part of this range will be considered “normal,”
but normal isn’t necessarily a happy place to be. Just as a person’s physical body and abilities
can be refined—Olympic athletes are not normal—one’s mental life can deepen and expand on
the basis of talent and training. This is nearly self-evident, but it remains a controversial point.
No one hesitates to admit the role of talent and training in the context of physical and
intellectual pursuits; I have never met another person who denied that some of us are stronger,
more athletic, or more learned than others. But many people find it difficult to acknowledge that
a continuum of moral and spiritual wisdom exists or that there might be better and worse ways
to traverse it.
Stages of spiritual development, therefore, appear unavoidable. Just as we must grow into
adulthood physically—and we can fail to mature or become sick or injured along the way—our
minds develop by degrees. One can’t learn sophisticated skills such as syllogistic reasoning,
algebra, or irony until one has acquired more basic skills. It seems to me that a healthy spiritual
life can begin only once our physical, mental, social, and ethical lives have sufficiently
matured. We must learn to use language before we can work with it creatively or understand its
limits, and the conventional self must form before we can investigate it and understand that it is
not what it appears to be. An ability to examine the contents of one’s own consciousness
clearly, dispassionately, and nondiscursively, with sufficient attention to realize that no inner
self exists, is a very sophisticated skill. And yet basic mindfulness can be practiced very early
in life. Many people, including my wife, have successfully taught it to children as young as six.
At that age—and every age thereafter—it can be a powerful tool for self-regulation and selfawareness.
Contemplatives have long understood that positive habits of mind are best viewed as skills
that most of us learn imperfectly as we grow to adulthood. It is possible to become more
focused, patient, and compassionate than one naturally tends to be, and there are many things to
learn about how to be happy in this world. These are truths that Western psychological science
has only recently begun to explore.
Some people are content in the midst of deprivation and danger, while others are miserable
despite having all the luck in the world. This is not to say that external circumstances do not
matter. But it is your mind, rather than circumstances themselves, that determines the quality of
your life. Your mind is the basis of everything you experience and of every contribution you
make to the lives of others. Given this fact, it makes sense to train it.
Scientists and skeptics generally assume that the traditional claims of yogis and mystics must
be exaggerated or simply delusional and that the only rational purpose of meditation is limited
to conventional “stress reduction.” Conversely, serious students of these practices often insist
that even the most outlandish claims made by and about spiritual masters are true. I am
attempting to lead the reader along a middle path between these extremes—one that preserves
our scientific skepticism but acknowledges that it is possible to radically transform our minds.
In one sense, the Buddhist concept of enlightenment really is just the epitome of “stress

reduction”—and depending on how much stress one reduces, the results of one’s practice can
seem more or less profound. According to the Buddhist teachings, human beings have a
distorted view of reality that leads them to suffer unnecessarily. We grasp at transitory
pleasures. We brood about the past and worry about the future. We continually seek to prop up
and defend an egoic self that doesn’t exist. This is stressful—and spiritual life is a process of
gradually unraveling our confusion and bringing this stress to an end. According to the Buddhist
view, by seeing things as they are, we cease to suffer in the usual ways, and our minds can open
to states of well-being that are intrinsic to the nature of consciousness.
Of course, some people claim to love stress and appear eager to live by its logic. Some even
derive pleasure from imposing stress on others. Genghis Khan is reported to have said, “The
greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy and drive him before you, to see his cities reduced
to ashes, to see those who love him shrouded in tears, and to gather to your bosom his wives
and daughters.” People attach many meanings to terms like happiness, and not all of them are
compatible with one another.
In The Moral Landscape, I argued that we tend to be unnecessarily confused by differences
of opinion on the topic of human well-being. No doubt certain people can derive mental
pleasure—and even experience genuine ecstasy—by behaving in ways that produce immense
suffering for others. But we know that these states are anomalous—or, at least, not sustainable
—because we depend upon one another for more or less everything. Whatever the associated
pleasures, raping and pillaging can’t be a stable strategy for finding happiness in this world.
Given our social requirements, we know that the deepest and most durable forms of well-being
must be compatible with an ethical concern for other people—even for complete strangers—
otherwise, violent conflict becomes inevitable. We also know that there are certain forms of
happiness that are not available to a person even if, like Genghis Khan, he finds himself on the
winning side of every siege. Some pleasures are intrinsically ethical—feelings like love,
gratitude, devotion, and compassion. To inhabit these states of mind is, by definition, to be
brought into alignment with others.
In my view, the realistic goal to be attained through spiritual practice is not some permanent
state of enlightenment that admits of no further efforts but a capacity to be free in this moment, in
the midst of whatever is happening. If you can do that, you have already solved most of the
problems you will encounter in life.

Chapter 2

The Mystery of Consciousness

Investigating

the nature of consciousness itself—and transforming its contents through
deliberate training—is the basis of spiritual life. In scientific terms, however, consciousness
remains notoriously difficult to understand, or even to define. In fact, many debates about its
character have been waged without the participants’ finding even a common topic as common
ground. While we need not recapitulate the history of our confusion on this point, it will be
useful to briefly examine why consciousness still poses a unique challenge to science. Having
done so, we will see that spirituality is not just important for living a good life; it is actually
essential for understanding the human mind.
In one of the most influential essays on consciousness ever written, the philosopher Thomas
Nagel asks us to consider what it is like to be a bat.1 His interest isn’t in bats but in how we
define the concept of “consciousness.” Nagel argues that an organism is conscious “if and only
if there is something that it is like to be that organism—something that it is like for the
organism.” Whether you find that statement brilliant, trivial, or merely perplexing probably says
a lot about your appetite for philosophy. “Brilliant” and “trivial” can both be defended, but
Nagel’s claim needn’t leave you confused. He is simply asking you to imagine trading places
with a bat. If you would be left with any experience, however indescribable—some spectrum
of sights, sounds, sensations, feelings—that is what consciousness is in the case of a bat. If
being transformed into a bat were tantamount to annihilation, however, then bats are not
conscious.2 Nagel’s point is that whatever else consciousness may or may not entail in physical
terms, the difference between it and unconsciousness is a matter of subjective experience.
Either the lights are on, or they are not.3
But experience is one thing, and our growing scientific picture of reality is another. At this
moment, you might be vividly aware of reading this book, but you are completely unaware of
the electrochemical events occurring at each of the trillions of synapses in your brain. However
much you may know about physics, chemistry, and biology, you live elsewhere. As a matter of
your experience, you are not a body of atoms, molecules, and cells; you are consciousness and
its ever-changing contents, passing through various stages of wakefulness and sleep, from
cradle to grave.
And the question of how consciousness relates to the physical world remains famously
unresolved. There are reasons to believe that it emerges on the basis of information processing
in complex systems like a human brain, because when we look at the universe, we find it filled
with simpler structures, like stars, and processes, like nuclear fusion, that offer no outward
signs of consciousness. But our intuitions here may not amount to much. After all, how would

the sun appear if it were conscious? Perhaps exactly as it does now. (Would you expect it to
talk?) And yet somehow it seems far less likely that the stars are conscious and simply mute
than that they lack inner lives altogether.
Whatever the ultimate relationship between consciousness and matter, almost everyone will
agree that at some point in the development of complex organisms like ourselves, consciousness
seems to emerge. This emergence does not depend on a change of materials, for you and I are
built of the same atoms as a fern or a ham sandwich. Instead, the birth of consciousness must be
the result of organization: Arranging atoms in certain ways appears to bring about an experience
of being that very collection of atoms. This is undoubtedly one of the deepest mysteries given to
us to contemplate.4
Nevertheless, Nagel was right to observe that the reality of consciousness is, first and
foremost, subjective—for it is simply the fact of subjectivity itself. And whether something
seems conscious from the outside is never quite the point. I happen to know a person who once
woke up during a surgery for which he had received a general anesthetic. Owing to the paralytic
component of the anesthesia, however, he was unable to signal to his doctors that he was awake
and feeling rather more of the procedure than he liked. This was inconvenient, to say the least,
because they were in the process of replacing his liver. If you think the important part of
consciousness is its link to speech and behavior, spare a moment to consider the problem of
“anesthesia awareness.” It is a cure for much bad philosophy.5
It is surely a sign of intellectual progress that a discussion of consciousness need no longer
begin with a debate about its existence. To say that consciousness may only seem to exist, from
the inside, is to admit its existence in full—for if things seem any way at all, that is
consciousness. Even if I happen to be a brain in a vat at this moment—and all my memories are
false, and all my perceptions are of a world that does not exist—the fact that I am having an
experience is indisputable (to me, at least). This is all that is required for me (or any other
sentient being) to fully establish the reality of consciousness. Consciousness is the one thing in
this universe that cannot be an illusion.6
As our understanding of the physical world has evolved, our notion of what counts as
“physical” has broadened considerably. A world teeming with fields and forces, vacuum
fluctuations, and the other gossamer spawn of modern physics is not the physical world of
common sense. In fact, our common sense seems to be stuck somewhere in the sixteenth century.
It has also been generally forgotten that many of the patriarchs of physics in the first half of the
twentieth century regularly impugned the “physicality” of the universe and placed mind—or
thoughts, or consciousness itself—at the very wellspring of reality. Nonreductive views like
those of Arthur Eddington, James Jeans, Wolfgang Pauli, Werner Heisenberg, and Erwin
Schrödinger seem to have had no lasting impact.7 In some ways we can be thankful for this, for
a fair amount of mumbo jumbo was in the air. Pauli, for instance, was a devotee of Carl Jung,
who apparently analyzed no fewer than 1,300 of the great man’s dreams. 8 Although Pauli was
one of the titans of physics, his thoughts about the irreducibility of mind probably had as much
to do with Jung’s febrile imagination as they did with quantum mechanics.

The allure of the numinous eventually subsided. Once physicists got down to the serious
business of building bombs, we were apparently returned to a universe of objects—and to a
style of discourse, across all branches of science and philosophy, that made the mind seem ripe
for reduction to the “physical” world.
These developments have greatly inconvenienced New Age thinkers—or would have, had
they deigned to notice them. Authors struggling to link spirituality to science generally pin their
hopes on misunderstandings of the “Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics,” which
they take as proof that consciousness plays a central role in determining the character of the
physical world. If nothing is real until it is observed, consciousness cannot arise from
electrochemical events in the brains of animals like ourselves; rather, it must be part of the very
fabric of reality. But this simply isn’t the position of mainstream physics. It is true that,
according to Copenhagen, quantum mechanical systems do not behave classically until they are
observed, and before that they may seem to exist in many different states simultaneously. But
what counts as “observation” under the original Copenhagen view was never clearly defined.
The notion has been refined since, and it has nothing to do with consciousness. It’s not that the
mysteries of quantum mechanics have been resolved—the physical picture is strange however
one looks at it. And the problem of how an underlying quantum mechanical reality becomes the
seemingly classical world of tables and chairs hasn’t been completely understood. However,
there is no reason to think that consciousness is integral to the process. It seems certain,
therefore, that anyone who would base his spirituality on misinterpretations of 1930s physics is
bound to be disappointed. As we will see, the link between spirituality and science must be
found in another place.9
We know, of course, that human minds are the product of human brains. There is simply no
question that your ability to decode and understand this sentence depends upon
neurophysiological events taking place inside your head at this moment. But most of this mental
work occurs entirely in the dark, and it is a mystery why any part of the process should be
attended by consciousness. Nothing about a brain, when surveyed as a physical system, suggests
that it is a locus of experience. Were we not already brimming with consciousness ourselves,
we would find no evidence for it in the universe—nor would we have any notion of the many
experiential states that it gives rise to. The only proof that it is like something to be you at this
moment is the fact (obvious only to you) that it is like something to be you.10
However we propose to explain the emergence of consciousness—be it in biological,
functional, computational, or any other terms—we have committed ourselves to this much: First
there is a physical world, unconscious and seething with unperceived events; then, by virtue of
some physical property or process, consciousness itself springs, or staggers, into being. This
idea seems to me not merely strange but perfectly mysterious. That doesn’t mean it isn’t true.
When we linger over the details, however, this notion of emergence seems merely a
placeholder for a miracle.
Consciousness—the sheer fact that this universe is illuminated by sentience—is precisely
what unconsciousness is not. And I believe that no description of unconscious complexity will

fully account for it. To simply assert that consciousness arose at some point in the evolution of
life, and that it results from a specific arrangement of neurons firing in concert within an
individual brain, doesn’t give us any inkling of how it could emerge from unconscious
processes, even in principle. However, this is not to say that some other thesis about
consciousness must be true. Consciousness may very well be the lawful product of unconscious
information processing. But I don’t know what that sentence actually means—and I don’t think
anyone else does either. 11 This situation has been characterized as an “explanatory gap”12 and
as the “hard problem of consciousness,”13 and it is surely both. Some philosophers have
suggested that the relationship between mind and body will be understood only with reference
to concepts that are neither physical nor mental but that are in some way “neutral.”14 Others
claim that consciousness can be known to be the product of physical causes but cannot be
conceptually reduced to such causes.15 Still others have argued that the notion of a nonreductive
physical account is incoherent.16
I am sympathetic with those who, like the philosopher Colin McGinn and the psychologist
Steven Pinker, have suggested that perhaps the emergence of consciousness is simply
incomprehensible in human terms.17 Every chain of explanation must end somewhere—
generally with a brute fact that neglects to explain itself. Perhaps consciousness presents an
impasse of this sort.18
In any case, the task of explaining consciousness in physical terms bears little resemblance
to other successful explanations in the history of science. The analogies that scientists and
philosophers marshal here are invariably misleading. The fact, for instance, that we can now
describe the properties of matter, such as fluidity, in terms of microscopic events that are not
themselves “fluid” does not suggest a way to understand consciousness as an emergent property
of the unconscious world. It is easy to see that no single water molecule can be “fluid,” and it is
easy to see that billions of such molecules, freely sliding past one another, would appear as
“fluidity” on the scale of a human hand. What is not easy to see is how analogies of this kind
have persuaded so many people that consciousness can be readily explained in terms of
information processing.19
For an explanation of a phenomenon to be satisfying, it must first be, at a minimum,
intelligible. In this regard, the emergence of fluidity poses no problems: The free sliding of
molecules seems exactly the sort of thing that should be true of a substance to ensure its fluidity.
Why can I pass my hand through liquid water and not through rock? Because the molecules of
water are not bound so tightly as to resist my motion. Notice that this explanation of fluidity is
perfectly reductive: Fluidity really is “nothing but” the free motion of molecules. For this
explanation to be sufficient, we must admit that molecules exist, of course, but once we do, the
problem is solved. No one has described a set of unconscious events whose sufficiency as a
cause of consciousness would make sense in this way. Any attempt to understand consciousness
in terms of brain activity merely correlates a person’s ability to report an experience
(demonstrating that he was aware of it) with specific states of his brain. While such
correlations can amount to fascinating neuroscience, they bring us no closer to explaining the
emergence of consciousness itself.
There will almost certainly come a time when we will build a robot whose facial

expressiveness, tone of voice, and flexibility of thought will cause us to wonder whether or not
it is conscious. This robot might even claim to be conscious and be eager to participate in the
kinds of experiments we now perform on human beings, allowing us to correlate its responses
to stimuli with changes in its “brain.” It seems clear, however, that unless we can do more than
this, we will never know whether there is “something that it is like” to be such a machine.20
Some readers may think that I’ve stacked the deck against the sciences of the mind by
comparing consciousness to a phenomenon as easily understood as fluidity. Surely science has
dispelled far greater mysteries. What, for instance, is the difference between a living system
and a dead one? Insofar as questions about consciousness itself can be kept off the table, it
seems that the difference is now reasonably clear to us. And yet, as late as 1932, the Scottish
physiologist J. S. Haldane (father of J. B. S. Haldane) wrote:
What intelligible account can the mechanistic theory of life give of the . . . recovery from
disease and injuries? Simply none at all, except that these phenomena are so complex and
strange that as yet we cannot understand them. It is exactly the same with the closely
related phenomena of reproduction. We cannot by any stretch of the imagination conceive
a delicate and complex mechanism which is capable, like a living organism, of
reproducing itself indefinitely often.21
Scarcely twenty years passed before our imaginations were duly stretched. Much work in
biology remains to be done, but anyone who entertains vitalismI at this point is simply ignorant
about the nature of living systems. The jury is no longer out on questions of this kind, and more
than half a century has passed since the earth’s creatures required an élan vital to propagate
themselves or to recover from injury. Is my skepticism that we will arrive at a physical
explanation of consciousness analogous to Haldane’s doubt about the feasibility of explaining
life in terms of processes that are not themselves alive?
It wouldn’t seem so. To say that a system is alive is very much like saying that it is fluid,
because life is a matter of what systems do with respect to their environment. Like fluidity, life
is defined according to external criteria. Consciousness is not (and, I think, cannot be). We
would never have occasion to say of something that does not eat, excrete, grow, or reproduce
that it might be “alive.” It might, however, be conscious.22
Might a mature neuroscience nevertheless offer a proper explanation of consciousness in
terms of its underlying brain processes? Again, there is nothing about a brain, studied at any
scale, that even suggests that it might harbor consciousness—apart from the fact that we
experience consciousness directly and have correlated many of its contents, or lack thereof,
with processes in our brains. Nothing about human behavior or language or culture
demonstrates that it is mediated by consciousness, apart from the fact that we simply know that
it is—a truth that someone can appreciate in himself directly and in others by analogy.23
Here is where the distinction between studying consciousness itself and studying its contents
becomes paramount. It is easy to see how the contents of consciousness might be understood in
neurophysiological terms. Consider, for instance, our experience of seeing an object: Its color,
contours, apparent motion, and location in space arise in consciousness as a seamless unity,

even though this information is processed by many separate systems in the brain. Thus, when a
golfer prepares to hit a shot, he does not first see the ball’s roundness, then its whiteness, and
only then its position on the tee. Rather, he enjoys a unified perception of the ball. Many
neuroscientists believe that this phenomenon of “binding” can be explained by disparate groups
of neurons firing in synchrony. 24 Whether or not this theory is true, it is at least intelligible—
because synchronous activity seems just the sort of thing that could explain the unity of a
percept.
This work suggests, as many other findings in neuroscience do, that the contents of
consciousness can often be made sense of in terms of their underlying neurophysiology. 25
However, when we ask why such phenomena should be experienced in the first place, we are
returned to the mystery of consciousness in full.26
Unfortunately, efforts to locate consciousness in the brain generally fail to distinguish
between consciousness and its contents. As a result, many researchers have taken one form of
consciousness (or one class of its contents) as a sufficient view of the whole. For instance,
Christof Koch and others have done some very clever work on vision, looking for which
regions of the brain encode conscious visual perception.27 The phenomenon of binocular
rivalry has provided an especially useful foothold here: It just so happens that when each eye is
presented with a different visual stimulus, a person’s conscious experience is not a blending of
the two images but, rather, a series of apparently random transitions between them. If, for
instance, you are shown a picture of a house in one eye and a human face in the other, you will
not see the two images competing with each other or otherwise superimposed. You will see the
house for a few seconds, and then the face, and then the house again, switching at random
intervals. This phenomenon has allowed experimenters to look for those regions of the brain (in
both humans and monkeys) that respond to a change in conscious perception. The
psychophysical situation seems tailor-made to distinguish the frontier between the conscious
and unconscious components of vision, because the input remains constant—each eye receives
the continuous impression of a single image—while somewhere in the brain a wholesale change
in the contents of consciousness occurs every few seconds. This is very interesting—and yet
subjects experiencing binocular rivalry are conscious throughout the experiment; only the
contents of visual awareness have been modulated by the task. If you shut your eyes at this
moment, the contents of your consciousness change quite drastically, but your consciousness
(arguably) does not.
This is not to say that our understanding of the mind won’t change in surprising ways through
our study of the brain. There may be no limit to how a maturing neuroscience might reshape our
beliefs about the nature of conscious experience. Are we unconscious during sleep or merely
unable to remember what sleep is like? Can human minds be duplicated? Neuroscience may one
day answer such questions—and the answers might well surprise us.
But the reality of consciousness appears irreducible. Only consciousness can know itself—
and directly, through first-person experience. It follows, therefore, that rigorous introspection
—“spirituality” in the widest sense of the term—is an indispensable part of understanding the
nature of the mind.

THE MIND DIVIDED

If spirituality is to become part of science, however, it must integrate with the rest of what we
know about the world. It has long been obvious that traditional approaches to spirituality cannot
do this—being based, to one or another degree, on religious myths and superstitions. Consider
the idea that human beings, alone among Nature’s animals, have been installed with immortal
souls. This dogma came under pressure the moment Darwin published On the Origin of Species
in 1859, but it is now truly dead. By sequencing a wide variety of genomes, we have finally
rendered our continuity with the rest of life undeniable. We are such stuff as yeasts are made of.
Of course, only 25 percent of Americans believe in evolution (while 68 percent believe in the
literal existence of Satan).28 But we can now say that any conception of our place in the
universe that denies we evolved from more primitive life forms is pure delusion.
Neuroscience has also produced results that are equally hostile to the traditional idea of
souls—and, therefore, to any approach to spirituality that presupposes their existence. One such
finding, conclusively demonstrated in humans and animals since the 1950s, is widely known as
the “split brain”—a phenomenon so at odds with common sense that, even within the culture of
science, it has defied integration into our thoughts.

The human brain is divided at the level of the cerebrum (everything above the brain stem) into
right and left hemispheres. The reason for this is still unclear, but it does not seem altogether
strange that the left-right symmetry of our bodies would be reflected in our central nervous
system. This structure turns out to have surprising consequences.
The right and left hemispheres of all vertebrate brains are connected by several nerve tracts
called commissures, the function of which, we now know, is to pass information back and forth
between them. The main commissure in the brains of placental mammals like ourselves is the
corpus callosum, the fibers of which link similar regions of the cortex across the hemispheres.
The evolutionary history of this structure is still a matter of dispute, but in human beings it

represents a larger system of connectivity than the sum of all the fibers linking the cortex to the
rest of the nervous system.29 As we are about to see, the unity of every human mind depends on
the normal functioning of these connections. Without them, our brains—and minds—are
divided.
Certain people have had their forebrain commissures surgically severed. This is generally
undertaken as a treatment for severe epilepsy, though other surgeries occasionally require that
some of these fibers be cut. As a treatment for epilepsy, patients usually receive a callosotomy,
a procedure whereby most or all of the corpus callosum is severed to prevent local storms of
unregulated activity from spreading throughout the brain and producing a seizure.30
The split brain was brought to the world’s attention half a century ago by Roger W. Sperry
and colleagues.31 Sperry was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1981 for this work, which inspired a
literature that now spans neuroscience, psychology, linguistics, psychiatry, and philosophy.
Before Sperry began his research, it appeared that dividing the brains of these patients simply
mitigated their seizures (which was, after all, the point) without producing any changes in their
behavior. This seemed to lend credence to the ancient notion that the corpus callosum does
nothing more than hold the two hemispheres of the brain together.
Once patients recover from this surgery, they generally appear quite normal, even on
neurological exam.32 Under the experimental conditions that Sperry and his colleagues devised,
however—first in cats and monkeys,33 and then in humans34—two principal findings emerged.
First, the left and right hemispheres of the brain display a high degree of functional
specialization. This discovery was not entirely new, because it had been known for at least a
century that damage to the left hemisphere could impair the use of language. But the split-brain
procedure allowed scientists to test each hemisphere independently on a variety of tasks,
revealing a range of segregated abilities. The second finding was that when the forebrain
commissures are cut, the hemispheres display an altogether astonishing functional
independence, including separate memories, learning processes, behavioral intentions, and—it
seems all but certain—centers of conscious experience.
The independence of the hemispheres in a split-brain patient comes about because most
nerve tracts running to and from the cortex are segregated, left and right. Everything that falls in
the left visual field of each eye, for instance, is projected to the right hemisphere of the brain,
and everything in the right visual field is projected to the left hemisphere. The same pattern
holds for both sensation and fine motor control in our extremities. Thus, each hemisphere relies
on intact commissures to receive information from its own side of the world. While it can
rarely speak, because speech is usually confined to the left hemisphere, the right hemisphere
can respond to questions by pointing to written words and objects with the left hand.

The classic demonstration of hemispheric independence in a split-brain patient runs as
follows: Show the right hemisphere a word—egg, say—by briefly flashing it in the left half of
the visual field, and the subject (speaking from his language-dominant left hemisphere) will
claim to have seen nothing at all. Ask him to reach behind a partition and select with his left
hand (which is predominantly controlled by the right hemisphere) the thing that he “did not see,”
and he will succeed in picking out an egg from among a multitude of objects. Ask him to name
the item he now holds in his left hand without allowing the left hemisphere to get a look at it,
and he will be unable to reply. If shown the egg and asked why he selected it from among the
available materials, he will probably confabulate an answer (again, with his language-dominant
left hemisphere), saying something like “Oh, I picked it because I had eggs for breakfast
yesterday.” This is a peculiar state of affairs.
When the lateralization of inputs to the brain is exploited in this way, it becomes difficult to
say that the person whose brain has been split is a single subject, for everything about his
behavior suggests that a silent intelligence lurks in his right hemisphere, about which the
articulate left hemisphere knows nothing. The duality of mind is further demonstrated by the fact
that these patients can simultaneously perform separate manual tasks. For instance, a person
whose brain is functioning normally will find it impossible to draw incompatible figures
simultaneously with the right and left hands; divided brains accomplish this task easily, like two
artists working in parallel. In the acute phase after surgery, patients’ left and right hands
sometimes engage in a tug-of-war over an object or sabotage each other’s work. The left
hemisphere can speak about its condition and may even understand the anatomical details of the
procedure that has brought it about, yet it remains remarkably naïve about the experience of its
neighbor on the right. Even many years after surgery, the left hemispheres of these subjects
express surprise or irritation when their right hemispheres respond to an experimenter’s
instructions.35 To ask the left hemisphere what it is like to not know what the right hemisphere
is thinking is rather like asking a normal subject what it is like to not know what another person
is thinking: He simply does not know what the other person is thinking (or even, perhaps, that

he or she exists).
What is most startling about the split-brain phenomenon is that we have every reason to
believe that the isolated right hemisphere is independently conscious. It is true that some
scientists and philosophers have resisted this conclusion,36 but none have done so credibly. If
complex language were necessary for consciousness, then all nonhuman animals and human
infants would be devoid of consciousness in principle. If those whose left hemispheres have
been surgically removed are still believed to be conscious—and they are—how could the mere
presence of a functioning left hemisphere rob the right one of its subjectivity in the case of a
split-brain patient?37
The consciousness of the right hemisphere is especially difficult to deny whenever a subject
possesses linguistic ability on both sides of the brain, because in such cases the divided
hemispheres often express different intentions. In a famous example, a young patient was asked
what he wanted to be when he grew up: His left brain replied, “A draftsman,” while his right
brain used letter cards to spell out “racing driver.” 38 In fact, the divided hemispheres
sometimes seem to address each other directly, in the form of a verbalized, interhemispheric
argument.39
In such cases, each hemisphere might well have its own beliefs. Consider what this says
about the dogma—widely held under Christianity and Islam—that a person’s salvation depends
upon her believing the right doctrine about God. If a split-brain patient’s left hemisphere
accepts the divinity of Jesus, but the right doesn’t, are we to imagine that she now harbors two
immortal souls, one destined for the company of angels and the other for an eternity in hellfire?
The question of whether there is “something that it is like” to be the right hemisphere of a
split-brain patient must be answered in the only way that it is ever answered in science: We can
merely observe that its behavior and underlying neurology are sufficiently similar to that which
we know to be correlated with consciousness in our own case. There is no difficulty in doing
this for a normal split-brain patient who retains the use of her left hand. In fact, the
consciousness of the disconnected right hemisphere is easier to establish than that of most
toddlers. The question of whether the right hemisphere is conscious is really a pseudo-mystery
used to bar the door to a great one: the uncanny fact that the human mind can be divided with a
knife.
STRUCTURE AND FUNCTION

The right and left hemispheres of our brain show differences in their gross anatomy, many of
which are also found in the brains of other animals. In humans, the left hemisphere generally
makes a unique contribution to language and to the performance of complex movements.
Consequently, damage on this side tends to be accompanied by aphasia (impairment of spoken
or written language) and apraxia (impairment of coordinated movement).
People usually show a right-ear (left-hemisphere) advantage for words, digits, nonsense
syllables, Morse code, difficult rhythms, and the ordering of temporal information, whereas
they show a left-ear (right-hemisphere) advantage for melodies, musical chords, environmental
sounds, and tones of voice. Similar differences have been found for other senses as well. We
know, for instance, that the right hand (sensation from which projects almost entirely to the left

hemisphere) is better able to discriminate the order of stimuli, while the left hand is more
sensitive to their spatial characteristics.
However, the right hemisphere is dominant for many higher cognitive abilities, both in
normal brains and in those that have been surgically divided. It tends to have an advantage
when reading faces, intuiting geometrical principles and spatial relationships, perceiving
wholes from a collection of parts, and judging musical chords.40 The right hemisphere is also
better at displaying emotion (with the left side of the face) and at detecting emotions in others.41
Interestingly, this obliges us to view one another’s least expressive side of the face (the right)
with our most emotionally astute hemisphere (the right), and vice versa. Psychopaths generally
do not show this right-hemisphere advantage for the perception of emotion; perhaps this is one
reason why they are bad at detecting emotional distress in others.42
Most evidence suggests that the two hemispheres differ in temperament, and it now seems
uncontroversial to say that they can make different (and even opposing) contributions to a
person’s emotional life. 43 In a divided brain, the hemispheres are unlikely to perceive self and
world in the same way, nor are they likely to feel the same about them.
Much of what makes us human is generally accomplished by the right side of the brain.
Consequently, we have every reason to believe that the disconnected right hemisphere is
independently conscious and that the divided brain harbors two distinct points of view. This
fact poses an insurmountable problem for the notion that each of us has a single, indivisible self
—much less an immortal soul. The idea of a soul arises from the feeling that our subjectivity
has a unity, simplicity, and integrity that must somehow transcend the biochemical wheelworks
of the body. But the split-brain phenomenon proves that our subjectivity can quite literally be
sliced in two. (This is why Sir John Eccles, a neuroscientist and a committed Christian,
declared, against all evidence, that the right hemisphere of the divided brain must be
unconscious.) This fact has interesting ethical repercussions. For instance, the biologist Lee
Silver wonders what we should do if a person with a split brain wanted to have her right
hemisphere removed because she could no longer endure the conflict with her “other self.”
Would this be a therapeutic intervention or a murder? However, the most important
implications are for our view of consciousness: It is divisible—and, therefore, more
fundamental than any apparent self.
Imagine undergoing a complete callosotomy. Like most such surgeries, you could be kept
awake, because there are no pain receptors in the brain. There is also no reason to think that
you would lose consciousness during the procedure, because a person can have an entire
hemisphere removed (hemispherectomy) without loss of consciousness.44 Nor would you suffer
a lapse in memory. After surgery, you would tend to speak in a way characteristic of
alexithymia (the inability to describe your emotional life), and you might also demonstrate an
inappropriate degree of politeness.45 Whether or not you had occasion to notice these changes
in yourself, it seems all but certain that you would retain your sense of being a “self” throughout
the experience.
Given that each hemisphere in your divided brain would have its own point of view,

whereas now you appear to have only one, it is natural to wonder which side of the longitudinal
fissure “you” would find yourself on once the corpus callosum was cut. Would you land on the
right or on the left? It is hard to resist the uncanny demands of arithmetic here. Assuming that
you were not simply extinguished and replaced by two new subjects—which seems ruled out by
the fact that you would probably remain conscious throughout the procedure and retain your
memories—it is tempting to conclude that your subjectivity must collapse to a single
hemisphere. Once the surgery was over, it would be obvious that you can’t be on both sides of
the great divide.
Perhaps it is reasonable to believe that you would find yourself in the left hemisphere,
retaining the reins of speech, since speech and discursive thinking do much to define your
experience in the present. But consider some of the other cognitive abilities you now
consciously enjoy, which we know are governed primarily by your right hemisphere. Who, for
instance, would greet your loved ones with your left hand and effortlessly recognize their faces,
their facial expressions, and their tones of voice?
I think this riddle admits of a rather straightforward solution. Consciousness—whatever its
relation to neural events—is divisible. And just as it isn’t shared between the brains of separate
individuals, it need not be shared between the hemispheres of a single brain once the structures
that facilitate such sharing have been cut. If some way of linking two brains with an artificial
commissure were ever devised, we should expect that what had been two distinct persons
would be unified in the only sense that consciousness is ever unified, as a single point of view,
and unified in the only sense that minds are ever unified, by virtue of common contents and
functional abilities.
The experience of dreaming is instructive here. Each night, we lie down to sleep, only to be
stolen from our beds and plunged into a realm where our personal histories and the laws of
nature no longer apply. Generally, we do not retain enough of a purchase on reality to even
notice that anything out of the ordinary has happened. The most astonishing quality of dreams is
surely our lack of astonishment when they arise. The sleeping brain seems to have no
expectation of continuity from one moment to the next. (This is probably owing to the
diminished activity in the frontal lobes that occurs during REM sleep.) Thus, sweeping changes
in our experience do not, in principle, detract from the unity of consciousness. Left to its own
devices, consciousness seems happy to just experience one thing after the next.
If my brain harbors only one conscious point of view—if all that is remembered, intended,
and perceived is known by a single “subject”—then I enjoy unity of mind. The evidence is
overwhelming, however, that such unity, if it ever exists in a human being, depends upon some
humble tracts of white matter crossing the midline of the brain.
ARE OUR MINDS ALREADY SPLIT?

Roger Sperry and his colleagues demonstrated in the 1950s that the corpus callosum cannot
facilitate a complete transfer of learning between the cerebral hemispheres.46 After cutting the
optic chiasma in cats (and thereby confining the inputs from each eye to a single hemisphere),
they discovered that only simple learning acquired through one eye could transfer to the other
side of the brain. Given the immense amount of information processing that takes place in each

hemisphere, it seems certain that even a normal human brain will be functionally split to one or
another degree. Two hundred million nerve fibers seem insufficient to integrate the
simultaneous activity of 20 billion neurons in the cerebral cortex, each of which makes
hundreds or thousands (sometimes tens of thousands) of connections to its neighbors.47 Given
this partitioning of information, how can our brains not harbor multiple centers of
consciousness even now?
The philosopher Roland Puccetti once observed that the existence of separate spheres of
consciousness in the normal brain would explain one of the most perplexing features of splitbrain research: Why is it that the right hemisphere is generally willing to bear silent witness to
the errors and confabulations of the left? Could it be that the right hemisphere is used to it?
An answer consistent with the hypothesis of mental duality in the normal human brain
suggests itself. The non-speaking hemisphere has known the true state of affairs from a
very tender age. It has known this because beginning at age two or three it heard speech
emanating from the common body that, as language development on the left proceeded,
became too complex grammatically and syntactically for it to believe it was generating;
the same, of course, for what it observed the preferred hand writing down in school
through the years. Postsurgically, little has changed for the mute hemisphere (other than
loss of sensory information about the ipsilateral half of bodily space). . . . Being inured to
this status of cerebral helot, it goes along. Thankless cooperation can become a way of
life.48
Take a moment to absorb how bizarre this possibility is. The point of view from which you are
consciously reading these words may not be the only conscious point of view to be found in
your brain. It is one thing to say that you are unaware of a vast amount of activity in your brain.
It is quite another to say that some of this activity is aware of itself and is watching your every
move.
There must be a reason why the structural integrity of the corpus callosum creates a
functional unity of mind (insofar as it does), and perhaps it is only the division of the corpus
callosum that makes for separated regions of consciousness in the human brain. But whatever
the final lesson of the split brain is, it thoroughly violates our commonsense intuitions about the
nature of our subjectivity.
A person’s experience of the world, while apparently unified in a normal brain, can be
physically divided. The problem this poses for the study of consciousness may be
insurmountable. If I were to interrogate my brain with the help of a colleague—one who was
willing to expose my cortex and begin probing with a microelectrode—neither of us would
know what to make of a region that failed to influence the contents of “my” consciousness. The
split-brain phenomenon suggests that all that I would be able to say is whether I (as perhaps
only one among many centers of consciousness to be found in my brain) felt anything when my
friend applied the current. Feeling nothing, I wouldn’t know whether the neurons in question
constituted a region of consciousness in their own right—for the simple reason that I might be
just like a split-brain patient given to wonder, with his articulate left hemisphere, whether or

not his right hemisphere is conscious. It surely is, and yet no amount of experimental probing on
his part will drive the relevant facts into view. As long as we must correlate changes in the
brain—or any other physical system—with first-person reports, any physical systems that are
functionally mute may nevertheless prove to be conscious, and our attempt to understand the
causes of consciousness will fail to take them into account.
All brains—and persons—may be split to one or another degree. Each of us may live, even
now, in a fluid state of split and overlapping subjectivity. Whether or not this seems plausible
to you may not be the point. Another part of your brain may see the matter differently.
CONSCIOUS AND UNCONSCIOUS PROCESSING IN THE BRAIN

The frontier between conscious and unconscious mental processes has fascinated psychologists
and neuroscientists for more than a century. The realization that the unconscious mind must have
some cognitive and emotional structure was the foundation of Freud’s work and also the stage
upon which he erected an impressively unscientific mythology. The connection between
conscious thoughts and unconscious processes was also present in the work of William James,
whose views on this topic, and on the mind in general, still deserve our attention:
Suppose we try to recall a forgotten name. The state of our consciousness is peculiar.
There is a gap therein; but no mere gap. It is a gap that is intensely active. A sort of
wraith of the name is in it, beckoning us in a given direction, making us at moments tingle
with the sense of our closeness, and then letting us sink back without the longed-for term.
If wrong names are proposed to us, this singularly definite gap acts immediately so as to
negate them. They do not fit into its mould. And the gap of one word does not feel like the
gap of another, all empty of content as both might seem necessarily to be when described
as gaps. . . . The rhythm of a lost word may be there without a sound to clothe it; or the
evanescent sense of something which is the initial vowel or consonant may mock us
fitfully, without growing more distinct.49
In other words, the unconscious mind exists, and our conscious experience gives some
indication of its structure. Recent advances in experimental psychology and neuroimaging have
allowed us to study the boundary between conscious and unconscious mental processes with
increasing precision. We now know that at least two systems in the brain—often referred to as
“dual processes”—govern human cognition, emotion, and behavior. One is evolutionarily
older, unconscious, and automatic; the other evolved more recently and is both conscious and
deliberative. When you find another person annoying, sexually attractive, or inadvertently
funny, you are experiencing the percolations of System 1. The heroic efforts you make to
conceal these feelings out of politeness are the work of System 2.
Scientists have learned how to target System 1 through the phenomenon of “priming,”
revealing that complex mental processes lurk beneath the level of conscious awareness.50 The
experimental technique of “backward masking” has been at the center of this research: Human
beings can consciously perceive very brief visual stimuli (down to about 1/30 of a second), but
we can no longer see these images if they are immediately followed by a dissimilar pattern (a

“mask”). This fact allows for words and pictures to be delivered to the mind subliminally, 51
and these stimuli have subsequent effects on a person’s cognition and behavior. For instance,
you will be faster to recognize that ocean is a word if it follows a related prime, like wave,
than if it follows an unrelated one, like hammer. And emotionally charged terms are more
easily recognized than neutral ones (sex can be presented more briefly than car), which further
demonstrates that the meanings of words must be gleaned prior to consciousness. Subliminally
promised rewards drive activity in the brain’s reward centers, 52 and masked fearful faces and
emotional words increase activity in the amygdala.53 Clearly, we are not aware of all the
information that influences our thoughts, feelings, and actions.
Many other findings attest to the importance of our unconscious mental lives. Amnesiacs,
who can no longer form conscious memories, can still improve their performance on a wide
variety of tasks through practice.54 For instance, a person can learn to play golf with increasing
proficiency, all the while believing that whenever she picks up a club it is for the first time. The
acquisition of such motor skills occurs outside of consciousness in normal people as well. Your
conscious memories of practicing a musical instrument, driving a car, or tying your shoelaces
are neurologically distinct from your learning how to do these things and from your knowing
how to do them now. People with amnesia can even learn new facts and have their ability to
recognize names55 and generate concepts56 improve in response to prior exposure, without
having any memory of acquiring such knowledge. In fact, we are all in this position with respect
to most of our semantic knowledge of the world. Do you remember learning the meaning of the
word door? Probably not. How do you recognize it and bring its meaning to mind? You have no
idea. These processes occur outside consciousness.57
CONSCIOUSNESS IS WHAT MATTERS

Despite the obvious importance of the unconscious mind, consciousness is what matters to us—
not just for the purpose of spiritual practice but in every aspect of our lives. Consciousness is
the substance of any experience we can have or hope for, now or in the future. If God spoke to
Moses out of a burning bush, the bush would have been a visual percept (whether veridical or
not) of which Moses was consciously aware. It should be clear that if a person begins to suffer
from intractable pain or depression, if he experiences a continuous ringing in his ears or the
consequences of having acquired a bad reputation among his colleagues, these developments
are matters of consciousness and its contents, whatever the nature of the unconscious processes
that give rise to them.
Consciousness is also what gives our lives a moral dimension. Without consciousness, we
would have no cause to wonder how we should behave toward other human beings, nor could
we care how we were treated in return. Granted, many moral emotions and intuitions operate
unconsciously, but it is because they influence the contents of consciousness that they matter to
us. I have argued elsewhere, and at length in The Moral Landscape, that we have ethical
responsibilities toward other creatures precisely to the degree that our actions can affect their
conscious experience for better or worse.58 We don’t have ethical obligations toward rocks (on
the assumption that they are not conscious), but we do have such obligations toward any
creature that can suffer or be deprived of happiness. Of course, it can be wrong to destroy rocks

if they happen to be valuable to other conscious creatures. The Taliban’s destruction of the
1,500-year-old standing Buddhas of Bamiyan was wrong not from the perspective of the statues
themselves but from that of all the people who cared about them (and the future people who
might have cared).
I have never come across a coherent notion of bad or good, right or wrong, desirable or
undesirable that did not depend upon some change in the experience of conscious creatures. It is
not always easy to nail down what we mean by “good” and “bad”—and their definitions may
remain perpetually open to revision—but such judgments seem to require, in every instance,
that some difference register at the level of experience. Why would it be wrong to murder a
billion human beings? Because so much pain and suffering would result. Why would it be
wrong to painlessly kill every man, woman, and child in their sleep? Because of all the
possibilities for future happiness that would be foreclosed. If you think such actions are wrong
primarily because they would anger God or would lead to your punishment after death, you are
still worried about perturbations of consciousness—albeit ones that stand a good chance of
being wholly imaginary.
I take it to be axiomatic, therefore, that our notions of meaning, morality, and value
presuppose the actuality of consciousness (or its loss) somewhere. If anyone has a conception
of meaning, morality, and value that has nothing to do with the experience of conscious beings,
in this world or in a world to come, I have yet to hear of it. And it would seem that such a
conception of value could hold no interest for anyone, by definition, because it would be
guaranteed to be outside the experience of every conscious being, now and in the future.
The fact that the universe is illuminated where you stand—that your thoughts and moods and
sensations have a qualitative character in this moment—is a mystery, exceeded only by the
mystery that there should be something rather than nothing in the first place. Although science
may ultimately show us how to truly maximize human well-being, it may still fail to dispel the
fundamental mystery of our being itself. That doesn’t leave much scope for conventional
religious beliefs, but it does offer a deep foundation for a contemplative life. Many truths about
ourselves will be discovered in consciousness directly or not discovered at all.

I. Vitalism is the now discredited doctrine that living systems require some nonphysical principle to explain their organization and
behavior.

Chapter 3

The Riddle of the Self

I once spent an afternoon on the northwestern shore of the Sea of Galilee, atop the mount where
Jesus is believed to have preached his most famous sermon. It was an infernally hot day, and
the sanctuary where I sat was crowded with Christian pilgrims from many continents. Some
gathered silently in the shade, while others staggered about in the sun, taking photographs.
As I gazed at the surrounding hills, a feeling of peace came over me. It soon grew to a
blissful stillness that silenced my thoughts. In an instant, the sense of being a separate self—an
“I” or a “me”—vanished. Everything was as it had been—the cloudless sky, the brown hills
sloping to an inland sea, the pilgrims clutching their bottles of water—but I no longer felt
separate from the scene, peering out at the world from behind my eyes. Only the world
remained.
The experience lasted just a few seconds, but it returned many times as I looked out over the
land where Jesus is believed to have walked, gathered his apostles, and worked many of his
miracles. If I were a Christian, I would undoubtedly have interpreted this experience in
Christian terms. I might believe that I had glimpsed the oneness of God or been touched by the
Holy Spirit. If I were a Hindu, I might think in terms of Brahman, the eternal Self, of which the
world and all individual minds are thought to be a mere modification. If I were a Buddhist, I
might talk about the “dharmakaya of emptiness,” in which all apparent things manifest as in a
dream.
But I am simply someone who is making his best effort to be a rational human being.
Consequently, I am very slow to draw metaphysical conclusions from experiences of this sort.
And yet, I glimpse what I will call the intrinsic selflessness of consciousness every day,
whether at a traditional holy site, or at my desk, or while having my teeth cleaned. This is not an
accident. I’ve spent many years practicing meditation, the purpose of which is to cut through the
illusion of the self.
My goal in this chapter and the next is to convince you that the conventional sense of self is an
illusion—and that spirituality largely consists in realizing this, moment to moment. There are
logical and scientific reasons to accept this claim, but recognizing it to be true is not a matter of
understanding these reasons. Like many illusions, the sense of self disappears when closely
examined, and this is done through the practice of meditation. Once again, I am suggesting an
experiment that you must conduct for yourself, in the laboratory of your own mind, by paying
attention to your experience in a new way.

The Buddha’s famous parable meant to denigrate mere intellectualism seems apropos here: 1
A man is struck in the chest with a poison arrow. A surgeon rushes to his side to begin the work
of saving his life, but the man resists these ministrations. He first wants to know the name of the
fletcher who fashioned the arrow’s shaft, the genus of the wood from which it was cut, the
disposition of the man who shot it, the name of the horse upon which he rode, and a thousand
other things that have no bearing upon his present suffering or his ultimate survival. The man
needs to get his priorities straight. His commitment to thinking about the world results from a
basic misunderstanding of his predicament. And though we may be only dimly aware of it, we,
too, have a problem that will not be solved by acquiring more conceptual knowledge.
Little has changed since the Buddha’s time. Many people claim to have no interest at all in
spiritual life. Indeed, most scientists and philosophers disdain the subject, for it suggests a
neglect of intellectual standards: Bliss, it has been noted, is not conducive to detached
observation.2 And yet, we are all seeking fulfillment while living at the mercy of changing
experience. Whatever we acquire in life gets dispersed. Our bodies age. Our relationships fall
away. Even the most intense pleasures last only a few moments. And every morning, we are
chased out of bed by our thoughts.
In this chapter, I will invoke a variety of concepts that have yet to do much useful work in
our study of the natural world, or even of the brain, but do very heavy lifting throughout the
course of our lives: concepts such as self and ego and I. Admittedly, these terms appear less
than scientific, but we have no new words with which to name, and subsequently study, one of
the most striking features of our existence: Most of us feel that our experience of the world
refers back to a self—not to our bodies precisely but to a center of consciousness that exists
somehow interior to the body, behind the eyes, inside the head. The feeling that we call “I”
seems to define our point of view in every moment, and it also provides an anchor for popular
beliefs about souls and freedom of will. And yet this feeling, however imperturbable it may
appear at present, can be altered, interrupted, or entirely abolished. Such transformations run
the gamut from run-of-the-mill psychosis to spiritual epiphany.
What makes me the same person I was five minutes ago, or yesterday, or on my eighteenth
birthday? Is it that I remember being those former selves and my memories are (somewhat)
accurate? In fact, I’ve forgotten most of what has happened to me over the course of my life, and
my body has been gradually changing all the while. Is it enough to say that I am physically
continuous with my former selves because most of the cells in my body are the same as or
descended from those that made up the bodies of these younger men?
As we have seen, the split-brain phenomenon puts pressure on the very idea of personal
identity. But things can get even worse. In a now famous thought experiment, the philosopher
Derek Parfit asks us to imagine a teleportation device that can beam a person from Earth to
Mars. Rather than travel for many months on a spaceship, you need only enter a small chamber
close to home and push a green button, and all the information in your brain and body will be
sent to a similar station on Mars, where you will be reassembled down to the last atom.
Imagine that several of your friends have already traveled to Mars this way and seem none

the worse for it. They describe the experience as being one of instantaneous relocation: You
push the green button and find yourself standing on Mars—where your most recent memory is of
pushing the green button on Earth and wondering if anything would happen.
So you decide to travel to Mars yourself. However, in the process of arranging your trip, you
learn a troubling fact about the mechanics of teleportation: It turns out that the technicians wait
for a person’s replica to be built on Mars before obliterating his original body on Earth. This
has the benefit of leaving nothing to chance; if something goes wrong in the replication process,
no harm has been done. However, it raises the following concern: While your double is
beginning his day on Mars with all your memories, goals, and prejudices intact, you will be
standing in the teleportation chamber on Earth, just staring at the green button. Imagine a voice
coming over the intercom to congratulate you for arriving safely at your destination; in a few
moments, you are told, your Earth body will be smashed to atoms. How would this be any
different from simply being killed?
To most readers, this thought experiment will suggest that psychological continuity—the
mere maintenance of one’s memories, beliefs, habits, and other mental traits—is an insufficient
basis for personal identity. It’s not enough for someone on Mars to be just like you; he must
actually be you. The man on Mars will share all your memories and will behave exactly as you
would have. But he is not you—as your continued existence in the teleportation chamber on
Earth attests. To the Earth-you awaiting obliteration, teleportation as a means of travel will
appear a horrifying sham: You never left Earth and are about to die. Your friends, you now
realize, have been repeatedly copied and killed. And yet, the problem with teleportation is
somehow not obvious if a person is disassembled before his replica is built. In that case, it is
tempting to say that teleportation works and that “he” is really stepping onto the surface of
Mars.
One might conclude that personal identity requires physical continuity: I am identical to my
brain and body, and if they get destroyed, that’s the end of me. But Parfit shows that physical
continuity matters only because it normally supports psychological continuity. Merely hanging
on to one’s brain and body cannot be an end in itself. Just consider the unfortunate case of
someone with advanced dementia: He is physically but not psychologically continuous with the
person he used to be. If he could be given new neurons that would emulate the old ones in his
healthy brain—restoring his memories, creativity, sense of humor—this would be far better than
keeping his current neurons that are succumbing to neurodegenerative disease. If we grant that
the gradual replacement of individual neurons would be compatible with continued
consciousness, it seems clear that the maintenance of psychological continuity is what we care
about. And it is generally what we mean by a person’s “survival” from one moment to the next.
Parfit pushes the concept of personal identity about as far as it can go and resolves the
apparent paradox of teleportation by arguing that “identity is not what matters”; rather, we
should be concerned only about psychological continuity. However, he also states that
psychological continuity cannot take a “branching form” (or at least not for long), as it does
when a person is copied on Mars while the original person survives on Earth. Parfit believes
that we should view the teleportation case in which a person is destroyed before being
replicated as more or less indistinguishable from the normal pattern of personal survival

throughout our lives. After all, in what way are you subjectively the same as the person who
first picked up this book? In the only way you can be: by displaying some degree of
psychological continuity with that past self. Viewed in this way, it is difficult to see how
teleportation is any different from the mere passage of time. As Parfit says, “I want the person
on Mars to be me in a specially intimate way in which no future person will ever be me. . . .
What I fear will be missing is always missing. . . . Ordinary survival is about as bad as being
destroyed and Replicated.”3 Here, Parfit does not mean “bad” in the sense that we should find
these truths depressing. He is merely arguing that ordinary survival from moment to moment is
no more demonstrative of personal identity than destruction/replication would be. Parfit’s view
of the self, which he appears to have arrived at independently through an immensely creative
use of thought experiments, is essentially the same as the one found in the teachings of
Buddhism: There is no stable self that is carried along from one moment to the next.
I agree with most of what Parfit has to say about personal identity. However, because his
view is purely the product of logical argument, it can seem uncannily detached from the reality
of our lives. Although experience in meditation may not immediately resolve the teleportation
paradox or make it clear why one should care about one’s own future experience any more than
that of a stranger, it can make these philosophical problems easier to think about.
When talking about psychological continuity, we are talking about consciousness and its
contents—the persistence of autobiographical memories in particular. Everything that is
personal, everything that differentiates my consciousness from that of another human being,
relates to the contents of consciousness. Memories, perceptions, attitudes, desires—these are
appearances in consciousness. If “my” consciousness were suddenly filled with the contents of
“your” life—if I awoke this morning with your memories, hopes, fears, sensory impressions,
and relationships—I would no longer be me. I would be the same as your clone in the
teleportation case.
My consciousness is “mine” only because the particularities of my life are illuminated as
and where they arise. For instance, I currently have an annoying pain in my neck, the result of a
martial arts injury. Why is this “my” pain? Why am I the only one who is directly aware of it?
These questions are a symptom of confusion. There is no “I” who is aware of the pain. The pain
is simply arising in consciousness in the only place it can arise: at the conjunction of this brain
and this neck. Where else could this particular pain be felt? If I were cloned through
teleportation, an identical pain might be felt in an identical neck on Mars. But this pain would
still be right here in this neck.
Whatever its relation to the physical world, consciousness is the context in which the objects
of experience appear—the sight of this book, the sound of traffic, the sensation of your back
against a chair. There is nowhere else for them to appear—for their very appearance is
consciousness in action. And anything that is unique to your experience of the world must
appear amid the contents of consciousness. We have every reason to believe that these contents
depend upon the physical structure of your brain. Duplicate your brain, and you will duplicate
“your” contents in another field of consciousness. Divide your brain, and you will segregate
those contents in bizarre ways.
We know, from experiments both real and imagined, that psychological continuity is

divisible—and can, therefore, be inherited by more than one mind. If my brain were surgically
divided by callosotomy tomorrow, this would create at least two independent conscious minds,
both of which would be psychologically continuous with the person who is now writing this
paragraph. If my linguistic abilities happened to be distributed across both hemispheres, each of
these minds might remember having written this sentence. The question of whether I would land
in the left hemisphere or the right doesn’t make sense—being based, as it is, on the illusion that
there is a self bobbing on the stream of consciousness like a boat on the water.
But the stream of consciousness can divide and follow both tributaries simultaneously.
Should these tributaries converge again, the final current would inherit the “memories” of each.
If, after years of living apart, my hemispheres were reunited, their memories of separate
existence could, in principle, appear as the combined memory of a single consciousness. There
would be no cause to ask where my “self” had been while my brain was divided, because no
“I” exists apart from the stream. The moment we see this, the divisibility of the human mind
begins to seem less paradoxical. Subjectively speaking, the only thing that actually exists is
consciousness and its contents. And the only thing relevant to the question of personal identity is
psychological continuity from one moment to the next.
WHAT ARE WE CALLING “I”?

One thing each of us knows for certain is that reality vastly exceeds our awareness of it. I am,
for instance, sitting at my desk, drinking coffee. Gravity is holding me in place, and the manner
in which this is accomplished eludes us to this day. The integrity of my chair is the result of the
electrical bonds between atoms—entities I have never seen but which I know must exist, in
some sense, with or without my knowledge. The coffee is dissipating heat at a rate that could be
calculated with precision, and the second law of thermodynamics decrees that it is, on balance,
losing heat every moment rather than gathering it from the cup or the surrounding air. None of
this is evident to me from direct experience, however. Forces of digestion and metabolism are
at work within me that are utterly beyond my perception or control. Most of my internal organs
may as well not exist for all I know of them directly, and yet I can be reasonably certain that I
have them, arranged much as any medical textbook would suggest. The taste of the coffee, my
satisfaction at its flavor, the feeling of the warm cup in my hand—while these are immediate
facts with which I am acquainted, they reach back into a dark wilderness of facts that I will
never come to know. I have neurons firing and forming new connections in my brain every
instant, and these events determine the character of my experience. But I know nothing directly
about the electrochemical activity of my brain—and yet this soggy miracle of computation
appears to be working for the moment and generating a vision of a world.
The more I persist in this line of thought, the clearer it becomes that I perceive scarcely a
scintilla of all that exists to be known. I can, for instance, reach for my cup of coffee or set it
down, seemingly as I please. These are intentional actions, and I perform them. But if I look for
what underlies these movements—motor neurons, muscle fibers, neurotransmitters—I can’t feel
or see a thing. And how do I initiate this behavior? I haven’t a clue. In what sense, then, do I
initiate it? That is difficult to say. The feeling that I intended to do what I just did seems to be
only that: a feeling of some internal signature, perhaps the result of my brain’s having formed a

predictive model of its ensuing actions. It may not be best classified as a feeling, but surely it is
something. Otherwise, how could I note the difference between voluntary and involuntary
behavior? Without this impression of agency, I would feel that my actions were automatic or
otherwise beyond my control.
One question immediately presents itself: Where am I that I have such a poor view of things?
And what sort of thing am I that both my outside and my inside are so obscure? And outside and
inside of what? My skin? Am I identical to my skin? If not—and the answer is clearly no—why
should the frontier between my outside and my inside be drawn at the skin? If not at the skin,
then where does the outside of me stop and the inside of me begin? At my skull? Am I my skull?
Am I inside my skull? Let’s say yes for the moment, because we are quickly running out of
places to look for me. Where inside my skull might I be? And if I’m up there in my head, how is
the rest of me me (let alone the inside of me)?
The pronoun I is the name that most of us put to the sense that we are the thinkers of our thoughts
and the experiencers of our experience. It is the sense that we have of possessing (rather than of
merely being) a continuum of experience. We will see, however, that this feeling is not a
necessary property of the mind. And the fact that people report losing their sense of self to one
or another degree suggests that the experience of being a self can be selectively interfered with.
Obviously, there is something in our experience that we are calling “I,” apart from the sheer
fact that we are conscious; otherwise, we would never describe our subjectivity in the way we
do, and a person would have no basis for feeling that she had lost her sense of self, whatever
the circumstances. Nevertheless, it is extremely difficult to pinpoint just what it is we take
ourselves to be. Many philosophers have noticed this problem, but few in the West have
understood that the failure to locate the self can produce more than mere confusion.4 I suspect
that this difference between Eastern and Western philosophy has something to do with the
influence of Abrahamic religion and its doctrine of the soul. Christianity, in particular, presents
impressive obstacles to thinking intelligently about the nature of the human mind, asserting, as it
does, the real existence of individual souls who are subject to the eternal judgment of God.
What does it mean to say that the self cannot be found or that it is illusory? It is not to say
that people are illusory. I see no reason to doubt that each of us exists or that the ongoing history
of our personhood can be conventionally described as the history of our “selves.” But the self
in this more global, biographical sense undergoes sweeping changes over the course of a
lifetime. While you are in many ways physically and psychologically continuous with the
person you were at age seven, you are not the same. Your life has surely been punctuated by
transitions that significantly changed you: marriage, divorce, college, military service,
parenthood, bereavement, serious illness, fame, exposure to other cultures, imprisonment,
professional success, loss of a job, religious conversion. Each of us knows what it is like to
develop new capacities, understandings, opinions, and tastes over the course of time. It is
convenient to ascribe these changes to the self. That is not the self I am talking about.
The self that does not survive scrutiny is the subject of experience in each present moment—
the feeling of being a thinker of thoughts inside one’s head, the sense of being an owner or

inhabitant of a physical body, which this false self seems to appropriate as a kind of vehicle.
Even if you don’t believe such a homunculus exists—perhaps because you believe, on the basis
of science, that you are identical to your body and brain rather than a ghostly resident therein—
you almost certainly feel like an internal self in almost every waking moment. And yet, however
one looks for it, this self is nowhere to be found. It cannot be seen amid the particulars of
experience, and it cannot be seen when experience itself is viewed as a totality. However, its
absence can be found—and when it is, the feeling of being a self disappears.
CONSCIOUSNESS WITHOUT SELF

This is an empirical claim: Look closely enough at your own mind in the present moment, and
you will discover that the self is an illusion. The problem with a claim of this kind, however, is
that one can’t borrow another person’s contemplative tools to test it. To see how the feeling of
“I” is a product of thought—indeed, to even appreciate how distracted by thought you tend to be
in the first place—you have to build your own contemplative tools. Unfortunately, this leads
many people to dismiss the project out of hand: They look inside, notice nothing of interest, and
conclude that introspection is a dead end. But just imagine where astronomy would be if,
centuries after Galileo, a person were still obliged to build his own telescope before he could
even judge whether astronomy was a legitimate field of inquiry. It wouldn’t make the sky any
less worthy of investigation, but astronomy’s development as a science would become
immensely more difficult.
A few pharmacological shortcuts exist—and I discuss some of them in a later chapter—but
generally speaking, we must build our own telescopes to judge the empirical claims of
contemplatives. Judging their metaphysical claims is another matter; many of them can be
dismissed as bad science or bad philosophy after merely thinking about them. But to determine
whether certain experiences are possible—and if possible, desirable—and to see how these
states of mind relate to the conventional sense of self, we have to be able to use our attention in
the requisite ways. Primarily, that means learning to recognize thoughts as thoughts—as
transient appearances in consciousness—and to no longer be distracted by them, if only for
short periods of time. This may sound simple enough, but actually accomplishing it can take a
lot of work. Unfortunately, it is not work that the Western intellectual tradition knows much
about.
LOST IN THOUGHT

When we see a person walking down the street talking to himself, we generally assume that he
is mentally ill (provided he is not wearing a headset of some kind). But we all talk to ourselves
constantly—most of us merely have the good sense to keep our mouths shut. We rehearse past
conversations—thinking about what we said, what we didn’t say, what we should have said.
We anticipate the future, producing a ceaseless string of words and images that fill us with hope
or fear. We tell ourselves the story of the present, as though some blind person were inside our
heads who required continuous narration to know what is happening: “Wow, nice desk. I
wonder what kind of wood that is. Oh, but it has no drawers. They didn’t put drawers in this

thing? How can you have a desk without at least one drawer?” Who are we talking to? No one
else is there. And we seem to imagine that if we just keep this inner monologue to ourselves, it
is perfectly compatible with mental health. Perhaps it isn’t.
As I was working to finish this book, we experienced a series of plumbing leaks in our
house. The first appeared in the ceiling of a storage room. We considered ourselves genuinely
lucky to have found it, because this was a room that we might have gone months without
entering. A plumber arrived within a few hours, cut the drywall, and fixed the leak. A plasterer
came the next day, repaired the ceiling, and painted it. This sort of thing happens eventually in
every home, I told myself, and my prevailing feeling was of gratitude. Civilization is a
wonderful thing.
Then a similar leak appeared in an adjacent room a few days later. Contact information for
both the plumber and the plasterer was at my fingertips. Now I felt only annoyance and
foreboding.
A month later, the horror movie began in earnest: A pipe burst, flooding six hundred square
feet of ceiling. This time the repair took weeks and created an immense amount of dust; two
cleaning crews were required to deal with the aftermath—vacuuming hundreds of books, drying
and shampooing the carpet, and so forth. Throughout all this we were forced to live without
heat, for otherwise the dust from the repair would have been sucked into the vents, and we
would have been breathing it in every room of the house. Eventually, however, the problem was
fixed. We would have no more leaks.
And then, last night, scarcely one month after the previous repair, we heard the familiar
sound of water falling onto carpet. The moment I heard the first drops, I was transformed into a
hapless, uncomprehending, enraged man racing down a staircase. I’m sure I would have
comported myself with greater dignity had I come upon the scene of a murder. A glance at the
ballooning ceiling told me everything I needed to know about the weeks ahead: Our home
would be a construction site once again.
Of course, a house is a physical object beholden to the laws of nature—and it won’t fix
itself. From the moment my wife and I grabbed buckets and salad bowls to catch the falling
water, we were responding to the ineluctable tug of physical reality. But my suffering was
entirely the product of my thoughts. Whatever the needs of the moment, I had a choice: I could
do what was required calmly, patiently, and attentively, or do it in a state of panic. Every
moment of the day—indeed, every moment throughout one’s life—offers an opportunity to be
relaxed and responsive or to suffer unnecessarily.
We can address mental suffering of this kind on at least two levels. We can use thoughts
themselves as an antidote, or we can stand free of thought altogether. The first technique
requires no experience with meditation, and it can work wonders if one develops the
appropriate habits of mind. Many people do it quite naturally; it’s called “looking on the bright
side.”
For instance, as I was beginning to rage like King Lear in the storm, my wife suggested that
we should be thankful that it was fresh water pouring through our ceiling and not sewage. I
found the thought immediately arresting: I could feel in my bones how much better it was to be
mopping up water at that moment than to be ankle deep in the alternative. What a relief! I often

use thoughts of this kind as levers to pry my mind loose from whatever rut it has found on the
landscape of unnecessary suffering. If I had been watching sewage spill through our ceiling,
how much would I have paid merely to transform it into fresh water? A lot.
I am not advocating that we be irrationally detached from the reality of our lives. If a
problem needs fixing, we should fix it. But how miserable must we be while doing good and
necessary things? And if, like many people, you tend to be vaguely unhappy much of the time, it
can be very helpful to manufacture a feeling of gratitude by simply contemplating all the terrible
things that have not happened to you, or to think of how many people would consider their
prayers answered if they could only live as you are now. The mere fact that you have the leisure
to read this book puts you in very rarefied company. Many people on earth at this moment can’t
even imagine the freedom that you currently take for granted.
In fact, the effects of consciously practicing gratitude have been studied: When compared to
merely thinking about significant life events, contemplating daily hassles, or comparing oneself
favorably to others, thinking about what one is grateful for increases one’s feelings of wellbeing, motivation, and positive outlook toward the future.5
One does not need to know anything about meditation to notice how thinking governs one’s
mental state. This morning, for instance, I awoke in a state of carefree happiness. And then I
remembered the leak. . . . Most readers will be familiar with this experience: Something bad
has happened in your life—a person has died, a relationship has ended, you have lost your job
—but there is a brief interval after awakening before memory imposes its stranglehold. It often
takes a moment or two for one’s reasons for being unhappy to come online. Having spent years
observing my mind in meditation, I find such sudden transitions from happiness to suffering both
fascinating and rather funny—and merely witnessing them goes a long way toward restoring my
equanimity. My mind begins to seem like a video game: I can either play it intelligently,
learning more in each round, or I can be killed in the same spot by the same monster, again and
again.
Once, while staying in an especially depressing hotel in Kathmandu, I was awakened in the
middle of the night by the feeling of a claw scratching my foot. I sat up in terror, convinced that
there was a rat in my bed. I had recently learned that the lepers I had seen throughout my travels
in Asia lost their fingers and toes not to the disease itself but because they no longer felt pain.
This resulted in burns and other injuries. Even worse, rats often ate their extremities while they
slept.
However, the darkness of my room was perfectly still. It had been only a dream. And as
suddenly as it had come, the feeling of terror subsided. My mind and body were now flooded
with relief. “What a strange dream,” I thought. “I actually felt claws on my skin—but nothing
was there. The mind is so amazing”—and then came the unmistakable sound of something
scurrying toward me beneath the sheets.
I bounded from the bed with the agility of a Chinese acrobat. After a few interminable
moments spent groping in the darkness of an unfamiliar room, I turned on the lights, and all was
silent once again. As I stared at the tangle of blankets on the bed, I genuinely hoped that I had
lost my sanity and not, in fact, my privacy. I flung back the covers—and there, in the middle of
the mattress, sat a large brown rat. The creature eyed me with a sickening frankness and

intensity; it appeared to be standing its ground, no doubt ruing the loss of such an ample source
of protein. I feigned an attack of my own, lunging and shrieking—half ape, half cartoon
housewife—and the beast raced across the sheets, sprung to the floor, and disappeared behind
the dresser.6
In the span of a few seconds, my mind had traversed the extremes of human emotion,
swinging from terror to exquisite relief and back to terror—entirely on the wings of thought:
There’s a rat in my bed!
Oh, it was only a dream . . .
Rat!
Again, I’m not saying that one’s thoughts about reality are all that matter. I would be the first
to admit that it is generally a good idea to keep rats out of one’s bed. But it can be liberating to
see how thoughts pull the levers of emotion—and how negative emotions in turn set the stage
for patterns of thinking that keep them active and coloring one’s mind. Seeing this process
clearly can mean the difference between being angry, depressed, or fearful for a few moments
and being so for days, weeks, and months on end.

Breaking the Spell of Negative Emotions
Most of us let our negative emotions persist longer than is necessary. Becoming
suddenly angry, we tend to stay angry—and this requires that we actively produce the
feeling of anger. We do this by thinking about our reasons for being angry—recalling an
insult, rehearsing what we should have said to our malefactor, and so forth—and yet
we tend not to notice the mechanics of this process. Without continually resurrecting the
feeling of anger, it is impossible to stay angry for more than a few moments.
While I can’t promise that meditation will keep you from ever again becoming
angry, you can learn not to stay angry for very long. And when talking about the
consequences of anger, the difference between moments and hours—or days—is
impossible to exaggerate.
Even without knowing how to meditate, most people have experienced having their
negative states of mind suddenly interrupted. Imagine, for instance, that someone has
made you very angry—and just as this mental state seems to have fully taken possession
of your mind, you receive an important phone call that requires you to put on your best
social face. Most people know what it’s like to suddenly drop their negative state of
mind and begin functioning in another mode. Of course, most then helplessly grow
entangled with their negative emotions again at the next opportunity.
Become sensitive to these interruptions in the continuity of your mental states. You
are depressed, say, but are suddenly moved to laughter by something you read. You are
bored and impatient while sitting in traffic, but then are cheered by a phone call from a
close friend. These are natural experiments in shifting mood. Notice that suddenly

paying attention to something else—something that no longer supports your current
emotion—allows for a new state of mind. Observe how quickly the clouds can part.
These are genuine glimpses of freedom.
The truth, however, is that you need not wait for some pleasant distraction to shift
your mood. You can simply pay close attention to negative feelings themselves, without
judgment or resistance. What is anger? Where do you feel it in your body? How is it
arising in each moment? And what is it that is aware of the feeling itself? Investigating
in this way, with mindfulness, you can discover that negative states of mind vanish all
by themselves.
Thinking is indispensable to us. It is essential for belief formation, planning, explicit
learning, moral reasoning, and many other capacities that make us human. Thinking is the basis
of every social relationship and cultural institution we have. It is also the foundation of science.
But our habitual identification with thought—that is, our failure to recognize thoughts as
thoughts, as appearances in consciousness—is a primary source of human suffering. It also
gives rise to the illusion that a separate self is living inside one’s head.
See if you can stop thinking for the next sixty seconds. You can notice your breath, or listen
to the birds, but do not let your attention be carried away by thought, any thought, even for an
instant. Put down this book, and give it a try.
Some of you will be so distracted by thought as to imagine that you succeeded. In fact,
beginning meditators often think that they are able to concentrate on a single object, such as the
breath, for minutes at a time, only to report after days or weeks of intensive practice that their
attention is now carried away by thought every few seconds. This is actually progress. It takes a
certain degree of concentration to even notice how distracted you are. Even if your life
depended on it, you could not spend a full minute free of thought.
This is a remarkable fact about the human mind. We are capable of astonishing feats of
understanding and creativity. We can endure almost any torment. But it is not within our power
to simply stop talking to ourselves, whatever the stakes. It’s not even in our power to recognize
each thought as it arises in consciousness without getting distracted every few seconds by one
of them. Without significant training in meditation, remaining aware—of anything—for a full
minute is just not in the cards.
We spend our lives lost in thought. The question is, what should we make of this fact? In the
West, the answer has been “Not much.” In the East, especially in contemplative traditions like
those of Buddhism, being distracted by thought is understood to be the very wellspring of human
suffering.
From the contemplative point of view, being lost in thoughts of any kind, pleasant or
unpleasant, is analogous to being asleep and dreaming. It’s a mode of not knowing what is
actually happening in the present moment. It is essentially a form of psychosis. Thoughts
themselves are not a problem, but being identified with thought is. Taking oneself to be the
thinker of one’s thoughts—that is, not recognizing the present thought to be a transitory

appearance in consciousness—is a delusion that produces nearly every species of human
conflict and unhappiness. It doesn’t matter if your mind is wandering over current problems in
set theory or cancer research; if you are thinking without knowing you are thinking, you are
confused about who and what you are.
The practice of meditation is a method of breaking the spell of thought. However, in the
beginning, you are unlikely to understand just how transformative this shift in attention can be.
You will spend most of your time trying to meditate or imagining that you are meditating
(whether by focusing on your breathing or anything else) and failing for minutes or hours at a
stretch. The first sign of progress will be noticing how distracted you are. But if you persist in
your practice, you will eventually get a taste of real concentration and begin to see thoughts
themselves as mere appearances arising in a wider field of consciousness.
The eighth-century Buddhist adept Vimalamitra described three stages of mastery in
meditation and how thinking appears in each. The first is like meeting a person you already
know; you simply recognize each thought as it arises in consciousness, without confusion. The
second is like a snake tied in a knot; each thought, whatever its content, simply unravels on its
own. In the third, thoughts become like thieves entering an empty house; even the possibility of
being distracted has disappeared.7
Long before reaching this kind of stability in meditation, however, one can discover that the
sense of self—the sense that there is a thinker behind one’s thoughts, an experiencer amid the
flow of experience—is an illusion. The feeling that we call “I” is itself the product of thought.
Having an ego is what it feels like to be thinking without knowing that you are thinking.
Consider the following train of thought (a version of which may have already passed through
your mind):
What is Harris going on about? I know I’m thinking. I’m thinking right now. What’s the
big deal? I’m thinking, and I know it. How is this a problem? How am I confused? I can
think about anything I want—watch, I’ll picture the Eiffel Tower in my mind’s eye right
now. There it is. I did it. In what sense am I not the thinker of these thoughts?
Thus is the knot of self tied. It isn’t enough to know, in the abstract, that thoughts continually
arise or that one is thinking at this moment, for such knowledge is itself mediated by thoughts
that are arising unrecognized. It is the identification with these thoughts—that is, the failure to
recognize them as they spontaneously appear in consciousness—that produces the feeling of “I.”
One must be able to pay attention closely enough to glimpse what consciousness is like between
thoughts—that is, prior to the arising of the next one. Consciousness does not feel like a self.
Once one realizes this, the status of thoughts themselves, as transient expressions of
consciousness, can be understood.
What are we conscious of? We are conscious of the world; we are conscious of our bodies in
the world; and we also imagine that we are conscious of our selves within our bodies. After all,
most of us don’t feel merely identical to our bodies. We seem to be riding around inside our

bodies. We feel like inner subjects that can use the body as a kind of object. This last
impression is an illusion that can be dispelled.
The selflessness of consciousness is in plain view in every present moment—and yet, it
remains difficult to see. This is not a paradox. Many things in our experience are right on the
surface, but they require some training or technique to observe. Consider the optic blind spot:
The optic nerve passes through the retina of each eye, creating a small region in each visual
field where we are effectively blind. Many of us learned as children to perceive the subjective
consequences of this less-than-ideal anatomy by drawing a small circle on a piece of paper,
closing one eye, and then moving the paper into a position where the circle became invisible.
No doubt most people in human history have been totally unaware of the optic blind spot. Even
those of us who know about it go for decades without noticing it. And yet, it is always there,
right on the surface of experience.
The absence of the self is also there to be noticed. As with the optic blind spot, the evidence
is not far away or deep within; rather, it is almost too close to be observed. For most people,
experiencing the intrinsic selflessness of consciousness requires considerable training. It is,
however, possible to notice that consciousness—that in you which is aware of your experience
in this moment—does not feel like a self. It does not feel like “I.” What you are calling “I” is
itself a feeling that arises among the contents of consciousness. Consciousness is prior to it, a
mere witness of it, and, therefore, free of it in principle.
THE CHALLENGE OF STUDYING THE SELF

Many scientists use the term self to refer to the totality of our inner lives. I have attended whole
conferences on the self and read books ostensibly devoted to this topic without seeing the
feeling we call “I” even mentioned. The self that I am discussing throughout this book—the
illusory, albeit reliable, source of so much suffering and confusion—is the feeling that there is
an inner subject, behind our eyes, thinking our thoughts and experiencing our experience.
We must distinguish between the self and the myriad mental states—self-recognition,
volition, memory, bodily awareness—with which it can be associated. To appreciate the
difference, consider the (semi-fictional) condition of a person suffering from global retrograde
amnesia (sometimes called “soap opera” amnesia, wherein a person has entirely forgotten his
past): If asked how he came to be this way, he might say, “I don’t remember anything.” This is
overstating the case, for he must remember a thing or two (the English language, for instance) to
even make such a statement. But there is no reason to think that he is misusing the personal
pronoun I. His “I” seems to have survived the loss of his declarative memories as fully as his
body has. If we asked him, “Where is your body?” he might say, “It’s here. This is it.” If we
questioned him further, asking, “And where are you? Where is your self?” he would probably
say something like “What do you mean? I’m here too. I just don’t know who I am.” Strange as
this conversation would be, there seems little doubt that our protagonist would feel as much like
a self as we do. Only his memories are missing. He, as the subject of his experience, remains to
worry over their absence.
Of course, as a person, this man is no longer himself. He doesn’t remember the names or the
faces of his closest friends. He may not know which foods he likes. His private fears and

professional goals have disappeared without a trace. We may say that he is scarcely a person at
all—but he is a self all the same, and one that is suffering a bewildering dissociation from both
past and future.
Or consider the condition of a person who is having an “out-of-body experience” (OBE).
The sense of leaving one’s body is a staple of mystical literature and has been reported across
many cultures. It is often associated with epilepsy, migraine, sleep paralysis, and, as we will
see in chapter 5, the “near-death experience.” It may occur in as much as 10 percent of the
population. During an OBE, the subject feels that she has physically left her body—and this
often includes a sense that she can see her own body in full, as though from a point outside her
head. A brain area called the temporal-parietal junction—a region known to be involved in
sensory integration and body representation—seems to be responsible for this effect. Whether
or not a person’s consciousness can really be displaced is irrelevant; the point is that it can
seem to be, and this fact draws yet another boundary between the self and the rest of our
personhood. It is possible to experience oneself as (apparently) outside a body.
The self, as the implied hub of cognition, perception, emotion, and behavior, can remain
stable across even wholesale changes in the contents of consciousness (unless the feeling of self
disappears). This is not surprising, because the self is the very thing to which these contents
seem to refer: not the body or mind per se but the point of view from which both body and mind
seem to be “mine” in every present moment.
Thus, we can see that most scientific research on the self is too broad. If the self is the sense
of being the subject of experience, it should not be conflated with a wider range of experiences.
“I” refers to the feeling that our faculties have been appropriated, that a center of will and
cognition interior to the body, somewhere behind the face, is doing the seeing, hearing, and
thinking. And yet, in seeking to understand the self, many scientists study things such as spatial
cognition, voluntary action, feelings of body ownership, and episodic memory. While these
phenomena greatly influence our experience in each moment, they are not integral to the feeling
that we call “I.”
Consider the sense of body ownership. It must be produced, at least in part, by the
integration of different streams of sensory information: We feel the position of our limbs in
space; we see them at the appropriate locations in our visual field; and our experience of
touching objects generally coincides with the sight of them coming into contact with our skin.
An analogous synchrony occurs whenever we execute a volitional movement. No doubt our
sense of body ownership is essential for our survival and for relating to others. Any loss or
distortion of this sense can be profoundly disorienting. But disorienting to whom? When I am
lying on the operating table, feeling the first effects of intravenous sedation, and find that I can
no longer sense the position of my limbs in space, or even the existence of my body, who is it
that has been deprived of these inputs? It is I—the (almost) ever-present subject of my
experience. It should be obvious that no faculty of which I might be deprived, while I remain
the subject experiencing the results of such deprivation, can be integral to the self—though it
may be integral to my personhood in a wider sense.
Several findings in the neuroscientific literature drive a wedge between body ownership and
the feeling of being a self. For instance, a person can lose the sense of owning a limb, a

condition known as somatoparaphrenia. Conversely, a person’s body image can encompass the
limbs of others or even inanimate objects. Consider the famous “rubber hand illusion”:
Each of ten subjects was seated with their left arm resting upon a small table. A standing
screen was positioned beside the arm to hide it from the subject’s view and a life-sized
rubber model of a left hand and arm was placed on the table directly in front of the
subject. The subject sat with eyes fixed on the artificial hand while we used two small
paintbrushes to stroke the rubber hand and the subject’s hidden hand, synchronising the
timing of the brushing as closely as possible. . . . Subjects experienced an illusion in
which they seemed to feel the touch not of the hidden brush but that of the viewed brush,
as if the rubber hand had sensed the touch.8
Amazingly, through the use of head-mounted video displays, this illusion can be extended to the
entire body, yielding an experience of “body swapping.” 9 It has long been known that vision
trumps proprioception (the awareness of the position of one’s body) when it comes to locating
parts of one’s body in space, but the “body swapping illusion” suggests that visual perception
may fully determine the coordinates of the self.
The point, however, is that this effect—dissociation from one’s own body and a false sense
of inhabiting the parts (or whole body) of another person—seems to leave the “self” very much
intact. Experiments on proprioception tell us nothing about the feeling that we call “I.” And the
same can be said about almost every other aspect of personhood with which philosophers,
psychologists, and neuroscientists regularly bundle the self. The feeling of agency—the sense
that one is the author of one’s voluntary actions—may be as integral to our experience of the
world as body ownership, but it, too, fails to capture what we mean by “self.” A person could,
for instance, distinguish his bodily movements from those of another person without feeling a
sense of self at all, for to do so merely requires that he distinguish one body (as an object) from
another. Likewise, he could fail to make such a distinction (in that he might misattribute his
actions to another person or ascribe the actions of another to himself) while feeling the embrace
of selfhood all the while.
Ascriptions of agency do not define the contours of the self in the way that many people seem
to believe. While schizophrenics suffering from thought insertion, delusions of control, and
auditory hallucinations10 may be assailed by unusual mental phenomena, nothing suggests that
their sense of being a self has been altered or lost. A person can fail to distinguish between
self-generated and world-generated content, and thereby mistake her own internal imagery for
sense data. There is a difference, to be sure, between finding a rat in one’s bed and
hallucinating (or merely dreaming about) such an encounter. But the feeling of being a self
remains constant.
Self-Recognition
Imagine that you awake from a heavy sleep to find yourself imprisoned in an unfamiliar,
windowless room. Where are you? You haven’t the faintest idea. A mirror has been provided
for your edification, however, and you gaze into it. What do you see? A red dot has been

painted on your forehead, but for some reason you fail to notice it. In fact, you soon lose interest
in your reflection altogether and begin searching your room for food. You are, after all, a
gorilla, and quite unconcerned about your appearance.
In reviewing the literature on the self, one finds that much has been made of the fact that
some creatures will attend to their reflections in a mirror with all the vanity of an eighteenthcentury lady-in-waiting, while others respond as they would to a fellow member of their
species.11 The “mirror test” has been a staple of primate and child development research for
many decades now, and it has made this simplest of all laboratory devices seem like a virtual
dowsing rod for the self—because only those creatures who comport themselves with the
requisite narcissism in front of the glass are believed to possess “self-knowledge” or even (and
here we are treated to an especially depressing misuse of the term) “consciousness.” While
mirror self-recognition and use of the personal pronoun seem to emerge at more or less the
same time in human development (fifteen to twenty-four months), there are many reasons to
believe that self-recognition and selfhood are distinct states of mind—and, therefore, that they
differ at the level of brain as well.12
Self-recognition depends on context. There are neurological patients who cannot recognize
themselves in a mirror (a condition called the “mirror-sign delusion”) but can pick themselves
out in photographs,13 and these subjects show no evidence of having lost anything like a self, or
knowledge thereof. So what is the relationship between self-recognition and the feeling we call
“I”? The fact that the word self is generally used while making reference to these phenomena
does not suggest that any deep relationship exists between them. It seems quite possible, for
instance, that a person who cannot recognize his own face under any circumstances could have
a fully intact sense of self, just as your sense of self would remain unaltered by the sight of a
complete stranger. There is simply nothing about the experience of not recognizing a face, even
if it happens to be one’s own, that suggests a divestiture of self or anything like it.
Theory of Mind
One of the most important things we do with our minds is attribute mental states to other people,
a faculty that has been variously described as “theory of mind,” “mentalizing,” “mindsight,”
“mind reading,” and the “intentional stance.”14 The ability to recognize and interpret the mental
activity of others is essential for normal cognitive and social development, and deficits in this
area contribute to a variety of mental disorders, including autism. But what is the relationship
between an awareness of others and awareness of oneself? Many scientists and philosophers
have suggested that the two must be deeply connected.15 If so, it seems natural that research on
theory of mind (TOM) would shed some light on the structure of the self. Unfortunately,
however, the model of TOM that researchers generally work with cannot do this. Consider the
following text, intended to evoke TOM processing in experimental subjects:
A burglar who has just robbed a shop is making his getaway. As he is running home, a
policeman on his beat sees him drop his glove. He doesn’t know the man is a burglar, he
just wants to tell him he dropped his glove. But when the policeman shouts out to the
burglar, “Hey, you! Stop!” the burglar turns round, sees the policeman and gives himself

up. He puts his hands up and admits that he did the break-in at the local shop.
Question: Why did the burglar do that?16
The answer is obvious, unless one happens to be a young child or a person suffering from
autism. If one can’t take the point of view of the burglar in this story, it is impossible to know
why he behaved as he did. Experimental stimuli of this kind are central to research on TOM,
but they have very little to do with our most basic attribution of mindedness to others. Although
we use our powers of inference to attribute complex mental states to other people, and the
phrase “theory of mind” captures this, it seems that we make a much more basic attribution first,
and perhaps independently: We recognize that other people are (or can be) aware of us.
Explaining the burglar’s behavior requires a higher level of cognition than is necessary to
merely grasp that one is in the presence of a sentient other. And the feeling that another person
can see or hear me is quite distinct from my having any understanding of his beliefs or desires.
This more primitive judgment would seem to be TOM at its most fundamental. It might also
have a deep connection to our sense of self.
The French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre believed that our encounters with other people
constitute the primal circumstance of self-formation.17 On his account, each of us is perpetually
in the position of a voyeur who, while gazing upon the object of his lust, suddenly hears the
sound of someone stepping up directly behind him. Again and again, we are thrust out of the
safety and seclusion of pure subjectivity by the knowledge that we have become objects in the
world for others.
I believe that Sartre was onto something. The primitive impression that another creature is
aware of us seems to be the point at which TOM is relevant to the sense of self. If you doubt
this, I recommend the following exercise: Go to a public place, select a person at random, and
stare at his face until he returns your gaze. To make this more than a pointless provocation,
observe the change that occurs in you the moment eye contact is established. What is this feeling
that obliges you to immediately look away or to begin speaking? The self-ramifying quality of
this form of TOM seems indisputable, for without the attribution of awareness to others, you
have no sense of being looked at in the first place. There is a difference to be felt here—being
looked at just feels different from not being looked at—and the difference can be described, or
so I maintain, as a magnification of the feeling that we call “I.” It seems undeniable that selfconsciousness and this more fundamental form of TOM are closely related.18 The neurologist V.
S. Ramachandran seems to have been thinking along these lines when he wrote, “It may not be
coincidental that [you] use phrases like ‘self conscious’ when you really mean that you are
conscious of others being conscious of you.”19
To better appreciate the distinction between fundamental TOM and the TOM that is current
in the scientific literature, consider what happens when we watch a film. The experience of
sitting in a darkened theater and seeing people interact with one another on the screen is a
social encounter of sorts—but it is one in which we, as participants, have been perfectly
effaced. This very likely explains why most of us find movies and television so compelling.
The moment we turn our eyes to the screen, we are in a social situation that our hominid genes

could not have foreseen: We can view the actions of others, along with the minutiae of their
facial expressions—even to the point of making eye contact with them—without the slightest
risk of being observed ourselves. Movies and television magically transform the primordial
context of face-to-face encounters, in which human beings have always been subjected to
harrowing social lessons, allowing us, for the first time, to devote ourselves wholly to the act
of observing other people. This is voyeurism of a transcendental kind. Whatever else might be
said about the experience of watching a film, it fully dissociates fundamental TOM from
standard TOM, for there is no doubt that we attribute mental states to the actors on the screen.
We make all the judgments that the standard concept of TOM requires, but this does little to
establish our sense of self. Indeed, it is difficult to find a situation in which we feel less selfconscious than when sitting in a darkened theater watching a film, and yet, we are contemplating
the beliefs, intentions, and desires of other people the entire time.
Ramachandran and others have noted that the discovery of “mirror neurons” offers some
support for the idea that the senses of self and other may emerge from the same circuitry in the
brain. Some people believe that mirror neurons are also central to our ability to empathize with
others and may even account for the emergence of gestural communication and spoken language.
What we do know is that certain neurons increase their firing rate when we perform objectoriented actions with our hands (grasping, manipulating) and communicative or ingestive
actions with our mouths. These neurons also fire, albeit less rapidly, whenever we witness the
same actions performed by other people. Research on monkeys suggests that these neurons
encode the intentions behind an observed action (such as picking up an apple for the purpose of
eating it versus merely moving it) rather than the physical movements themselves. In these
experiments, a monkey’s brain seems to represent the purposeful behavior of others as if it
were engaging in this behavior itself. Similar results have been obtained in neuroimaging
experiments done on humans.20
Some scientists believe that mirror neurons provide a physiological basis for the
development of imitation and social bonding early in life and for the understanding of other
minds thereafter. 21 And it is certainly suggestive that children with autism appear to have
diminished mirror neuron activity in proportion to the severity of their symptoms.22 As is now
widely known, people suffering from autism tend to lack insight into the mental lives of others.
Conversely, a longitudinal study of compassion meditation, which produced a significant
increase in subjects’ empathy over the course of eight weeks, found increased activity in one of
the regions believed to contain mirror neurons.23
It may be that an awareness of other minds is a necessary condition for an awareness of one’s
own. Of course, this does not suggest that the feeling we call “I” will disappear when we are
alone. If our knowledge of self and other is truly indivisible, our awareness of others must be
internalized early in life. In psychological terms, this certainly seems a plausible way of
describing the structure of our subjectivity. All parents have seen their children put their

growing powers of speech to use by maintaining running monologues with themselves. These
monologues continue throughout life as though they were, in fact, dialogues. The resulting
conversation seems both strange and unnecessary. Why should we live in relationship to
ourselves rather than merely as ourselves? Why should an “I” and a “me” be keeping each other
company?
Imagine that you have lost your sunglasses. You search the house up and down, and finally
you spot them, lying on a table where you had left them the day before. You promptly think,
“There they are!” as you make your way across the room to retrieve them. But to whom are you
thinking this thought? You may even have uttered the phrase out loud: “There they are!” But who
needed to be informed in this way? You have already seen them. Is there someone else in your
search party?
Imagine that you are in a public place and happen to see a stranger locate his own lost
sunglasses. He exclaims, as you might, “There they are!” and snatches them from the tabletop. A
twinge of embarrassment often passes through all parties in such moments, but when the
utterance is confined to a short phrase and occasioned by such an innocuous event, the speaker
has done nothing out of the ordinary and bystanders are not yet gripped by fear. Imagine,
however, if this person continued to address himself out loud: “Where did you think they were,
you idiot? You’ve been wandering around this building for ten minutes. Now I’m going to be
late for my lunch with Julie, and she’s always on time!” The man need not speak another word
to secure our eternal mistrust of his faculties. And yet the condition of this person is no different
from our own—these are precisely the thoughts we might think in the privacy of our minds.
We have seen that the sense of self is logically and empirically distinct from many other
features of the mind with which it is often conflated. In order to understand it at the level of the
brain, therefore, we would need to study people who no longer experienced it. As we will see,
certain practices of meditation are very well suited to research of this kind.
PENETRATING THE ILLUSION

As a matter of neurology, the sense of having a persistent and unified self must be an illusion,
because it is built upon processes that, by their very nature as processes, are transitory and
multifarious. There is no region of the brain that can be the seat of a soul. Everything that makes
us human—our emotional lives, capacity for language, the impulses that give rise to complex
behavior, and our ability to restrain other impulses that we consider uncivilized—is spread
across the entirety of the cortex and many subcortical brain regions as well. The whole brain is
involved in making us what we are. So we need not await any data from the lab to say that the
self cannot be what it seems.
The sense that we are unified subjects is a fiction, produced by a multitude of separate
processes and structures of which we are not aware and over which we exert no conscious
control. What is more, many of these processes can be independently disturbed, producing
deficits that would seem impossible if they were not so easily verified. Some people, for
instance, are able to see perfectly but are unable to detect motion. Others are able to see objects

and their motion but are unable to locate them in space. How the mind depends upon the brain,
and the manner in which its powers can be disrupted, defies common sense. Here, as elsewhere
in science, how things seem is often a poor guide to how they are.
The claim that we can experience consciousness without a conventional sense of self—that
there is no rider on the horse—seems to be on firm ground neurologically. Whatever causes the
brain to produce the false notion that there is a thinker living somewhere inside the head, it
makes sense that it could stop doing this. And once it does, our inner lives become more faithful
to the facts.
How can we know that the conventional sense of self is an illusion? When we look closely,
it vanishes. This is compelling in the same way that the disappearance of any illusion is: You
thought something was there, but upon closer inspection, you see that it isn’t. What doesn’t
survive scrutiny cannot be real.
The classic example from the Indian tradition is of a coiled rope mistaken for a snake:
Imagine that you spot a snake in the corner of a room and feel an immediate cascade of fear. But
then you notice that it isn’t moving. You look more closely and see that it doesn’t appear to
have a head—and suddenly you spot coiled strands of fiber that you mistook for a pattern of
scales. You move closer and can see that it is a rope. A skeptic might ask, “How do you know
that the rope is real and the snake an illusion?” This question may seem reasonable, but only to
a person who hasn’t had this experience of looking closely at the snake only to have it
disappear. Given that the snake always collapses into being a rope, and not the other way
around, there is simply no empirical basis upon which to form such a doubt.

Perhaps you can see the same effect in the above illusion. It certainly looks like there is a
white square in the center of the figure, but when we study the image, it becomes clear that there
are only four partial circles. The square has been imposed by our visual system, whose edge
detectors have been fooled. Can we know that the black shapes are more real than the white
square? Yes, because the square doesn’t survive our efforts to locate it—its edges literally
disappear. A little investigation and we see that its form has been merely implied. In fact, it is
possible to look closely enough at the figure to banish the illusion altogether. But what could
we say to a skeptic who insisted that the white square is just as real as the three-quarter
circles? All we could do is urge him to look more closely. This is not a matter of debating
third-person facts; it is a matter of looking more closely at experience itself.
In the next chapter, we will see that the illusion of the self can be investigated—and
dispelled—in just this way.

Chapter 4

Meditation

Psychologists

and neuroscientists now acknowledge that the human mind tends to wander,
engaging in what has been called “stimulus-independent thought.” The primary method of
studying mental phenomena of this kind outside the lab is a technique called “experience
sampling.” Using a mobile phone or some other device, subjects are simply prompted to
describe what they are doing and how they feel at random intervals throughout the day. One
study found that when asked whether their mind was wandering—that is, whether they were
thinking about something unrelated to their current experience—subjects reported being lost in
thought 46.9 percent of the time.1 Anyone who has trained in meditation will know that the true
figure is surely higher—especially if we were to count all the thinking that, while perhaps
superficially related to the task at hand, nevertheless constitutes an unnecessary distraction from
it. As unreliable as such self-reports must be, this study found that people are consistently less
happy when their minds are wandering, even when the contents of their thoughts are pleasant.
The authors concluded that “a human mind is a wandering mind, and a wandering mind is an
unhappy mind.” Anyone who has spent time on silent retreat will agree.
The wandering mind has been correlated with activity in the brain’s midline regions,
especially the medial prefrontal cortex and the medial parietal cortex. These areas are often
called the “default-mode” or “resting state” network because they are most active when we are
just biding our time, waiting for something to happen. Activity in the default-mode network
(DMN) decreases when subjects concentrate on tasks of the sort employed in most
neuroimaging experiments.2
The DMN has also been linked with our capacity for “self-representation.”3 For instance, if
a person believes that she is tall, the term tall should yield a greater signal in these midline
regions than the term short. Similarly, the DMN is more engaged when we make such judgments
of relevance about ourselves, as opposed to making them about other people. It also tends to be
more active when we evaluate a scene from a first-person (rather than third-person) point of
view.4

Generally speaking, to pay attention outwardly reduces activity in the brain’s midline, while
thinking about oneself increases it. These results appear mutually reinforcing and might explain
the common experience we have “losing ourselves in our work.”5 Mindfulness and lovingkindness meditation (Pali: metta) also decrease activity in the DMN—and the effect is most
pronounced among experienced meditators (both while meditating and at rest).6 While it is too
early to draw strong conclusions from these findings, they hint at a physical connection between
the experience of being lost in thought and the sense of self (as well as a mechanism by which
meditation might reduce both).
Long-term meditation practice is also associated with a variety of structural changes in the
brain. Meditators tend to have larger corpora collosa and hippocampi (in both hemispheres).
The practice is also linked to increased gray matter thickness and cortical folding. Some of
these differences are especially prominent in older practitioners, which suggests that meditation
could protect against age-related thinning of the cortex.7 The cognitive, emotional, and
behavioral significance of these anatomical findings have not yet been worked out, but it is not
hard to see how they might explain the kinds of experiences and psychological changes that
meditators report.
Expert meditators (with greater than ten thousand hours of practice) respond differently to
pain than novices do. They judge the intensity of an unpleasant stimulus the same but find it to
be less unpleasant. They also show reduced activity in regions associated with anxiety while
anticipating the onset of pain, as well as faster habituation to the stimulus once it arrives.8 Other
research has found that mindfulness reduces both the unpleasantness and intensity of noxious
stimuli.9
It has long been known that stress, especially early in life, alters brain structure. For
instance, studies both in animals and in humans have shown that early stress increases the size

of the amygdalae. One study found that an eight-week program of mindfulness meditation
reduced the volume of the right basolateral amygdala, and these changes were correlated with a
subjective decrease in stress.10 Another found that a full day of mindfulness practice (among
trained meditators) reduced the expression of several genes that produce inflammation
throughout the body, and this correlated with an improved response to social stress
(diabolically, subjects were asked to give a brief speech and then perform mental calculations
while being videotaped in front of an audience).11 A mere five minutes of practice a day (for
five weeks) increased left-sided baseline activity in the frontal cortex—a pattern that, as we
saw in the discussion of the split brain, has been associated with positive emotions.12
A review of the psychological literature suggests that mindfulness in particular fosters many
components of physical and mental health: It improves immune function, blood pressure, and
cortisol levels; it reduces anxiety, depression, neuroticism, and emotional reactivity. It also
leads to greater behavioral regulation and has shown promise in the treatment of addiction and
eating disorders. Unsurprisingly, the practice is associated with increased subjective wellbeing.13 Training in compassion meditation increases empathy, as measured by the ability to
accurately judge the emotions of others,14 as well as positive affect in the presence of
suffering.15 The practice of mindfulness has been shown to have similar pro-social effects.16
Scientific research on the various types of meditation is just beginning, but there are now
hundreds of studies suggesting that these practices are good for us. Again, from a first-person
point of view, none of this is surprising. After all, there is an enormous difference between
being hostage to one’s thoughts and being freely and nonjudgmentally aware of life in the
present. To make this shift is to interrupt the processes of rumination and reactivity that often
keep us so desperately at odds with ourselves and with other people. No doubt many distinct
mechanisms are involved—the regulation of attention and behavior, increased body awareness,
inhibition of negative emotions, conceptual reframing of experience, changes in the view of
“self,” and so forth—and each of these processes will have its own neurophysiological causes.
In the broadest sense, however, meditation is simply the ability to stop suffering in many of the
usual ways, if only for a few moments at a time. How could that not be a skill worth
cultivating?
GRADUAL VERSUS SUDDEN REALIZATION

We wouldn’t attempt to meditate, or engage in any other contemplative practice, if we didn’t
feel that something about our experience needed to be improved. But here lies one of the central
paradoxes of spiritual life, because this very feeling of dissatisfaction causes us to overlook the
intrinsic freedom of consciousness in the present. As we have seen, there are good reasons to
believe that adopting a practice like meditation can lead to positive changes in one’s life. But
the deepest goal of spirituality is freedom from the illusion of the self—and to seek such
freedom, as though it were a future state to be attained through effort, is to reinforce the chains
of one’s apparent bondage in each moment.
Traditionally, there have been two solutions to this paradox. One is to simply ignore it and
adopt various techniques of meditation in the hope that a breakthrough will occur. Some people
appear to succeed at this, but many fail. It is true that good things often happen in the meantime:

We can become happier and more concentrated. But we can also despair of the whole project.
The words of the sages may begin to sound like empty promises, and we are left hoping for
transcendent experiences that never arrive or prove merely temporary.
The ultimate wisdom of enlightenment, whatever it is, cannot be a matter of having fleeting
experiences. The goal of meditation is to uncover a form of well-being that is inherent to the
nature of our minds. It must, therefore, be available in the context of ordinary sights, sounds,
sensations, and even thoughts. Peak experiences are fine, but real freedom must be coincident
with normal waking life.
The other traditional response to the paradox of spiritual seeking is to fully acknowledge it
and concede that all efforts are doomed, because the urge to attain self-transcendence or any
other mystical experience is a symptom of the very disease we want to cure. There is nothing to
do but give up the search.
These paths may appear antithetical—and they are often presented as such. The path of
gradual ascent is typical of Theravada Buddhism and most other approaches to meditation in the
Indian tradition. And gradualism is the natural starting point for any search, spiritual or
otherwise. Such goal-oriented modes of practice have the virtue of being easily taught, because
a person can begin them without having had any fundamental insight into the nature of
consciousness or the illusoriness of the self. He need only adopt new patterns of attention,
thought, and behavior, and the path will unfold before him.
By contrast, the path of sudden realization can appear impossibly steep. It is often described
as “nondualistic” because it refuses to validate the point of view from which one would
meditate or practice any other spiritual discipline. Consciousness is already free of anything
that remotely resembles a self—and there is nothing that you can do, as an illusory ego, to
realize this. Such a perspective can be found in the Indian tradition of Advaita Vedanta and in a
few schools of Buddhism.
Those who begin to practice in the spirit of gradualism often assume that the goal of selftranscendence is far away, and they may spend years overlooking the very freedom that they
yearn to realize. The liability of this approach became clear to me when I studied under the
Burmese meditation master Sayadaw U Pandita. I sat through several retreats with U Pandita,
each a month or two in length. These retreats were based on the monastic discipline of
Theravadan Buddhism: We did not eat after noon and were encouraged to sleep no more than
four hours each night. Outwardly, the goal was to engage in eighteen hours of formal meditation
each day. Inwardly, it was to follow the stages of insight as laid out in Buddhaghosa’s fifthcentury treatise, the Visuddhimagga, and elaborated in the writings of U Pandita’s own
legendary teacher, Mahasi Sayadaw.17
The logic of this practice is explicitly goal-oriented: According to this view, one practices
mindfulness not because the intrinsic freedom of consciousness can be fully realized in the
present but because being mindful is a means of attaining an experience often described as
“cessation,” which is thought to decisively uproot the illusion of the self (along with other
mental afflictions, depending on one’s stage of practice). Cessation is believed to be a direct
insight into an unconditioned reality (Pali: Nibbāna; Sanskrit: Nirvana) that lies behind all
manifest phenomena.

This conception of the path to enlightenment is open to several criticisms. The first is that it
is misleading with respect to what can be realized in the present moment in a state of ordinary
awareness. Thus, it encourages confusion at the outset regarding the nature of the problem one
is trying to solve. It is true, however, that striving toward the distant goal of enlightenment (as
well as the nearer goal of cessation) can lead one to practice with an intensity that might
otherwise be difficult to achieve. I never made more effort than I did when practicing under U
Pandita. But most of this effort arose from the very illusion of bondage to the self that I was
seeking to overcome. The model of this practice is that one must climb the mountain so that
freedom can be found at the top. But the self is already an illusion, and that truth can be
glimpsed directly, at the mountain’s base or anywhere else along the path. One can then return
to this insight, again and again, as one’s sole method of meditation—thereby arriving at the goal
in each moment of actual practice.
This isn’t merely a matter of choosing to think differently about the significance of
mindfulness. It is a difference in what one is able to be mindful of. Dualistic mindfulness—
paying attention to the breath, for instance—generally proceeds on the basis of an illusion: One
feels that one is a subject, a locus of consciousness inside the head, that can strategically pay
attention to the breath or some other object of awareness because of all the good it will do. This
is gradualism in action. And yet, from a nondualistic point of view, one could just as well be
mindful of selflessness directly. To do this, however, one must recognize that this is how
consciousness is—and such an insight can be difficult to achieve. However, it does not require
the meditative attainment of cessation. Another problem with the goal of cessation is that most
traditions of Buddhism do not share it, and yet they produce long lineages of contemplative
masters, many of whom have spent decades doing nothing but meditating on the nature of
consciousness. If freedom is possible, there must be some mode of ordinary consciousness in
which it can be expressed. Why not realize this frame of mind directly?
Nevertheless, I spent several years deeply preoccupied with reaching the goal of cessation,
and at least one year of that time was spent on silent retreat. Although I had many interesting
experiences, none seemed to fit the specific requirements of this path. There were periods
during which all thought subsided, and any sense of having a body disappeared. What remained
was a blissful expanse of conscious peace that had no reference point in any of the usual
sensory channels. Many scientists and philosophers believe that consciousness is always tied to
one of the five senses—and that the idea of a “pure consciousness” apart from seeing, hearing,
smelling, tasting, and touching is a category error and a spiritual fantasy. I am confident that
they are mistaken.
But cessation never arrived. Given my gradualist views at that point, this became very
frustrating. Most of my time on retreat was extremely pleasant, but it seemed to me that I had
merely been given the tools with which to contemplate the evidence of my nonenlightenment.
My practice had become a vigil—a method of waiting, however patiently, for a future reward.
The pendulum swung when I met an Indian teacher named H. W. L. Poonja (1910–97),
called “Poonja-ji” or “Papaji” by his students. Poonja-ji was a disciple of Ramana Maharshi
(1879–1950), arguably the most widely revered Indian sage of the twentieth century. Ramana’s
own awakening had been quite unusual, because he had no apparent spiritual interests or

contact with a teacher. As a boy of sixteen, living in a middle-class family of South Indian
Brahmins, he spontaneously became a spiritual adept.
While sitting alone in his uncle’s study, Ramana suddenly became paralyzed by a fear of
death. He lay down on the floor, convinced that he would soon die, but rather than remaining
terrified, he decided to locate the self that was about to disappear. He focused on the feeling of
“I”—a process he later called “self-inquiry”—and found it to be absent from the field of
consciousness. Ramana the person didn’t die that day, but he claimed that the feeling of being a
separate self never darkened his consciousness again.
After fruitlessly attempting to behave like the ordinary boy he had once been, Ramana left
home and traveled to Tiruvannamalai, an ancient pilgrimage site for followers of Shiva. He
spent the rest of his life there, in proximity to the mountain Arunachala, with which he claimed
to have a mystical connection.
In the early years after his awakening, Ramana seemed to lose his ability to speak, and he
was said to grow so absorbed in his experience of transfigured consciousness that he remained
motionless for days at a time. His body grew weak, developed sores, and had to be tended by
the few locals who had taken an interest in him. After a decade of silence, around 1906,
Ramana began to conduct dialogues about the nature of consciousness. Until the end of his life,
a steady stream of students came to study with him. These are the sorts of things he was apt to
say:
The mind is a bundle of thoughts. The thoughts arise because there is the thinker. The
thinker is the ego. The ego, if sought, will automatically vanish.18
Reality is simply the loss of the ego. Destroy the ego by seeking its identity. Because ego
is no entity it will automatically vanish and reality will shine forth by itself. This is the
direct method, whereas all other methods are done, only retaining the ego. . . . No
sadhanas [spiritual practices] are necessary for engaging in this quest.
There is no greater mystery than this—that being the reality we seek to gain reality. We
think that there is something hiding our reality and that it must be destroyed before the
reality is gained. It is ridiculous. A day will dawn when you will yourself laugh at your
past efforts. That which will be on the day you laugh is also here and now.19
Any attempt to make sense of such teachings in third-person, scientific terms quickly produces
monstrosities. From the point of view of psychological science, for instance, the mind is not just
“a bundle of thoughts.” And in what sense can reality be “simply the loss of the ego”? Does this
reality include quasars and hantavirus? But these are the kinds of quibbles that will cause one to
miss Ramana’s point.
While the philosophy of Advaita, and Ramana’s own words, may tend to support a
metaphysical reading of teachings of this kind, their validity is not metaphysical. Rather, it is
experiential. The whole of Advaita reduces to a series of very simple and testable assertions:
Consciousness is the prior condition of every experience; the self or ego is an illusory
appearance within it; look closely for what you are calling “I,” and the feeling of being a

separate self will disappear; what remains, as a matter of experience, is a field of
consciousness—free, undivided, and intrinsically uncontaminated by its ever-changing contents.
These are the simple truths that Poonja-ji taught. In fact, he was even more uncompromising
than his guru in his nonduality. Whereas Ramana would often concede the utility of certain
dualistic practices, Poonja-ji never gave an inch. The effect was intoxicating, especially to
those of us who had spent years practicing meditation. Poonja-ji was also given to spontaneous
bouts of weeping and laughter—both, apparently, from sheer joy. The man did not hide his light
under a bushel. When I first met him, he had not yet been discovered by the throngs of Western
devotees who would soon turn his tiny house in Lucknow into a spiritual circus. Like his
teacher Ramana, Poonja-ji claimed to be perfectly free from the illusion of the self—and by all
appearances, he was. And like Ramana—and every other Indian guru—Poonja-ji would
occasionally say something deeply unscientific. On the whole, however, his teaching was
remarkably free of Hindu religiosity or unwarranted assertions about the nature of the cosmos.
He appeared to simply speak from experience about the nature of experience itself.
Poonja-ji’s influence on me was profound, especially because it came as a corrective to all
the strenuous and unsatisfying efforts I had been making in meditation up to that point. But the
dangers inherent in his approach soon became obvious. The all-or-nothing quality of Poonjaji’s teaching obliged him to acknowledge the full enlightenment of any person who was
grandiose or manic enough to claim it. Thus, I repeatedly witnessed fellow students declare
their complete and undying freedom, all the while appearing quite ordinary—or worse. In
certain cases, these people had clearly had some sort of breakthrough, but Poonja-ji’s
insistence upon the finality of every legitimate insight led many of them to delude themselves
about their spiritual attainments. Some left India and became gurus. From what I could tell,
Poonja-ji gave everyone his blessing to spread his teachings in this way. He once suggested that
I do it, and yet it was clear to me that I was not qualified to be anyone’s guru. Nearly twenty
years have passed, and I’m still not. Of course, from Poonja-ji’s point of view, this is an
illusion. And yet there simply is a difference between a person like myself, who is generally
distracted by thought, and one who isn’t and cannot be. I don’t know where to place Poonja-ji
on this continuum of wisdom, but he appeared to be a lot farther along than his students.
Whether Poonja-ji was capable of seeing the difference between himself and other people, I do
not know. But his insistence that no difference existed began to seem either dogmatic or
delusional.
On one occasion, events conspired to perfectly illuminate the flaw in Poonja-ji’s teaching. A
small group of experienced practitioners (among us several teachers of meditation) had
organized a trip to India and Nepal to spend ten days with Poonja-ji in Lucknow, followed by
ten days in Kathmandu, to receive teachings on the Tibetan Buddhist practice of Dzogchen. As it
happened, during our time in Lucknow, a woman from Switzerland became “enlightened” in
Poonja-ji’s presence. For the better part of a week, she was celebrated as something akin to the
next Buddha. Poonja-ji repeatedly put her forward as evidence of how fully the truth could be
realized without making any effort at all in meditation, and we had the pleasure of seeing this
woman sit beside Poonja-ji on a raised platform expounding upon how blissful it now was in
her corner of the universe. She was, in fact, radiantly happy, and it was by no means clear that

Poonja-ji had made a mistake in recognizing her. She would say things like “There is nothing
but consciousness, and there is no difference between it and reality itself.” Coming from such a
nice, guileless person, there was little reason to doubt the profundity of her experience.
When it came time for our group to leave India for Nepal, this woman asked if she could join
us. Because she was such good company, we encouraged her to come along. A few of us were
also curious to see how her realization would appear in another context. And so it came to pass
that a woman whose enlightenment had just been confirmed by one of the greatest living
exponents of Advaita Vedanta was in the room when we received our first teachings from Tulku
Urgyen Rinpoche, who was generally thought to be one of the greatest living Dzogchen masters.
Of all the Buddhist teachings, those of Dzogchen most closely resemble the teachings of
Advaita. The two traditions seek to provoke the same insight into the nonduality of
consciousness, but, generally speaking, only Dzogchen makes it absolutely clear that one must
practice this insight to the point of stability and that one can do so without succumbing to the
dualistic striving that haunts most other paths.
At a certain point in our discussions with Tulku Urgyen, our Swiss prodigy declared her
boundless freedom in terms similar to those she had used to such great effect with Poonja-ji.
After a few highly amusing exchanges, during which we watched Tulku Urgyen struggle to
understand what our translator was telling him, he gave a short laugh and looked the woman
over with renewed interest.
“How long has it been since you were last lost in thought?” he asked.
“I haven’t had any thoughts for over a week,” the woman replied.
Tulku Urgyen smiled.
“A week?”
“Yes.”
“No thoughts?”
“No, my mind is completely still. It’s just pure consciousness.”
“That’s very interesting. Okay, so this is what is going to happen now: We are all
going to wait for you to have your next thought. There’s no hurry. We are all very patient
people. We are just going to sit here and wait. Please tell us when you notice a thought
arise in your mind.”
It is difficult to convey what a brilliant and subtle intervention this was. It may have been the
most inspired moment of teaching I have ever witnessed.
After a few moments, a look of doubt appeared on our friend’s face.
“Okay . . . Wait a minute . . . Oh . . . That could have been a thought there . . . Okay . . .”
Over the next thirty seconds, we watched this woman’s enlightenment completely unravel. It
became clear that she had been merely thinking about how expansive her experience of
consciousness had become—how it was perfectly free of thought, immaculate, just like space—
without noticing that she was thinking incessantly. She had been telling herself the story of her
enlightenment—and she had been getting away with it because she happened to be an

extraordinarily happy person for whom everything was going very well for the time being.
This was the danger of nondual teachings of the sort that Poonja-ji was handing out to all
comers. It was easy to delude oneself into thinking that one had achieved a permanent
breakthrough, especially because he insisted that all breakthroughs must be permanent. What the
Dzogchen teachings make clear, however, is that thinking about what is beyond thought is still
thinking, and a glimpse of selflessness is generally only the beginning of a process that must
reach fruition. Being able to stand perfectly free of the feeling of self is the start of one’s
spiritual journey, not its end.
DZOGCHEN: TAKING THE GOAL AS THE PATH

Tulku Urgyen Rinpoche lived in a hermitage on the southern slope of Shivapuri Mountain,
overlooking the Kathmandu Valley. He spent more than twenty years of his life on formal retreat
and was deservedly famous for the clarity with which he gave the “pointing-out instruction” of
Dzogchen, a formal initiation in which a teacher seeks to impart the experience of selftranscendence directly to a student. I received this teaching from several Dzogchen masters, as
well as similar instructions from teachers like Poonja-ji in other traditions, but I never met
anyone who spoke about the nature of consciousness as precisely as Tulku Urgyen. In the last
five years of his life, I made several trips to Nepal to study with him.
The practice of Dzogchen requires that one be able to experience the intrinsic selflessness of
awareness in every moment (that is, when one is not otherwise distracted by thought)—which is
to say that for a Dzogchen meditator, mindfulness must be synonymous with dispelling the
illusion of the self. Rather than teach a technique of meditation—such as paying close attention
to one’s breathing—a Dzogchen master must precipitate an insight on the basis of which a
student can thereafter practice a form of awareness (Tibetan: rigpa) that is unencumbered by
subject/object dualism. Thus, it is often said that, in Dzogchen, one “takes the goal as the path,”
because the freedom from self that one might otherwise seek is the very thing that one practices.
The goal of Dzogchen, if one can call it such, is to grow increasingly familiar with this way of
being in the world.
In my experience, some Dzogchen masters are better teachers than others. I have been in the
presence of several of the most revered Tibetan lamas of our time while they were ostensibly
teaching Dzogchen, and most of them simply described this view of consciousness without
giving clear instructions on how to glimpse it. The genius of Tulku Urgyen was that he could
point out the nature of mind with the precision and matter-of-factness of teaching a person how
to thread a needle and could get an ordinary meditator like me to recognize that consciousness
is intrinsically free of self. There might be some initial struggle and uncertainty, depending on
the student, but once the truth of nonduality had been glimpsed, it became obvious that it was
always available—and there was never any doubt about how to see it again. I came to Tulku
Urgyen yearning for the experience of self-transcendence, and in a few minutes he showed me
that I had no self to transcend.
In my view, there is nothing supernatural, or even mysterious, about this transmission of
wisdom from master to disciple. Tulku Urgyen’s effect on me came purely from the clarity of
his teaching. As it is with any challenging endeavor, the difference between being utterly misled

by false information, being nudged in the general direction, and being precisely guided by an
expert is difficult to overstate.
The direct perception of the optic blind spot again provides a useful analogy: Imagine that
perceiving the blind spot will completely transform a person’s life. Next, imagine that whole
religions such as Judaism, Christianity, and Islam are predicated on the denial of the blind
spot’s existence—let us say that their central doctrines assert the perfect uniformity of the
visual field. Perhaps other traditions acknowledge the blind spot but in purely poetical terms,
without giving any clear indication of how to recognize it. A few lineages may actually teach
techniques whereby one can see the blind spot for oneself, but only gradually, after months and
years of effort, and even then one’s glimpses of it will seem more a matter of luck than anything
else. In a more esoteric tradition still, a “blind spot master” gives the “pointing-out instruction”
but without much precision: Perhaps he tells you to close one eye, for reasons that are never
made explicit, and then says that the spot you seek is right on the surface of your vision. No
doubt some people will succeed in discovering the blind spot under these conditions, but the
teacher could certainly be clearer than this. How much clearer? If Tulku Urgyen had been
pointing out the blind spot, he would have produced a figure like the one below and given these
instructions:
1. Hold this figure in front of you at arm’s length.
2. Close your left eye and stare at the cross with your right.
3. Gradually move the page closer to your face while keeping your gaze fixed on the cross.
4. Notice when the dot on the right disappears.
5. Once you find your blind spot, continue to experiment with this figure by moving the page
back and forth until any possibility of doubt about the existence of the blind spot has
disappeared.

It is considered bad form in most spiritual circles, especially among Buddhists, to make
claims about one’s own realization. However, I think this taboo comes at a high price, because
it allows people to remain confused about how to practice. So I will describe my experience
plainly.
Before meeting Tulku Urgyen, I had spent at least a year practicing vipassana on silent
retreats. The experience of self-transcendence was not entirely unknown to me. I could
remember moments when the distance between the observer and the observed had seemed to
vanish, but I viewed these experiences as being dependent on conditions of extreme mental
concentration. Consequently, I thought they were unavailable in more ordinary moments, outside
intensive retreat. But after a few minutes, Tulku Urgyen simply handed me the ability to cut
through the illusion of the self directly, even in ordinary states of consciousness. This
instruction was, without question, the most important thing I have ever been explicitly taught by
another human being. It has given me a way to escape the usual tides of psychological suffering

—fear, anger, shame—in an instant. At my level of practice, this freedom lasts only a few
moments. But these moments can be repeated, and they can grow in duration. Punctuating
ordinary experience in this way makes all the difference. In fact, when I pay attention, it is
impossible for me to feel like a self at all: The implied center of cognition and emotion simply
falls away, and it is obvious that consciousness is never truly confined by what it knows. That
which is aware of sadness is not sad. That which is aware of fear is not fearful. The moment I
am lost in thought, however, I’m as confused as anyone else.
Given this change in my perception of the world, I understand the attractions of traditional
spirituality. I also recognize the needless confusion and harm that inevitably arise from the
doctrines of faith-based religion. I did not have to believe anything irrational about the
universe, or about my place within it, to learn the practice of Dzogchen. I didn’t have to accept
Tibetan Buddhist beliefs about karma and rebirth or imagine that Tulku Urgyen or the other
meditation masters I met possessed magic powers. And whatever the traditional liabilities of
the guru-devotee relationship, I know from direct experience that it is possible to meet a teacher
who can deliver the goods.
Unfortunately, to begin the practice of Dzogchen, it is generally necessary to meet a qualified
teacher. There is a large literature on the topic, of course, and much of what I have written
throughout this book represents my own effort to “point out” the nature of awareness. But to
have their confusion and doubts resolved, most people need to be in a dialogue with a teacher
who can answer questions in real time. Tulku Urgyen is no longer alive, but I’m told that his
sons Tsoknyi Rinpoche and Mingyur Rinpoche generally teach in his style, and many other
Tibetan lamas teach Dzogchen as well. However, one can never be sure how much Buddhist
religiosity one will be asked to imbibe along the way. My advice is that if you seek out these
teachings, don’t be satisfied until you are certain that you understand the practice. Dzogchen is
not vague or paradoxical. It is not like Zen, wherein a person can spend years being uncertain
whether he is meditating correctly. The practice of recognizing nondual awareness is called
trekchod, which means “cutting through” in Tibetan, as in cutting a string cleanly so that both
ends fall away. Once one has cut it, there is no doubt that it has been cut. I recommend that you
demand the same clarity of your meditation practice.

Beyond Duality
Think of something pleasant in your personal life—visualize the moment when you
accomplished something that you are proud of or had a good laugh with a friend. Take a
minute to do this. Notice how the mere thought of the past evokes a feeling in the
present. But does consciousness itself feel happy? Is it truly changed or colored by
what it knows?
In the teachings of Dzogchen, it is often said that thoughts and emotions arise in
consciousness the way that images appear on the surface of a mirror. This is only a
metaphor, but it does capture an insight that one can have about the nature of the mind.
Is a mirror improved by beautiful images? No. The same can be said for consciousness.

Now think of something unpleasant: Perhaps you recently embarrassed yourself or
received some bad news. Maybe there is an upcoming event about which you feel
acutely anxious. Notice whatever feelings arise in the wake of these thoughts. They are
also appearances in consciousness. Do they have the power to change what
consciousness is in itself?
There is real freedom to be found here, but you are unlikely to find it without
looking carefully into the nature of consciousness, again and again. Notice how
thoughts continue to arise. Even while reading this page your attention has surely
strayed several times. Such wanderings of mind are the primary obstacle to meditation.
Meditation doesn’t entail the suppression of such thoughts, but it does require that we
notice thoughts as they emerge and recognize them to be transitory appearances in
consciousness. In subjective terms, you are consciousness itself—you are not the next,
evanescent image or string of words that appears in your mind. Not seeing it arise,
however, the next thought will seem to become what you are.
But how could you actually be a thought? Whatever their content, thoughts vanish
almost the instant they appear. They are like sounds, or fleeting sensations in your
body. How could this next thought define your subjectivity at all?
It may take years of observing the contents of consciousness—or it may take only
moments—but it is quite possible to realize that consciousness itself is free, no matter
what arises to be noticed. Meditation is the practice of finding this freedom directly, by
breaking one’s identification with thought and allowing the continuum of experience,
pleasant and unpleasant, to simply be as it is. There are many traditional techniques for
doing this. But it is important to realize that true meditation isn’t an effort to produce a
certain state of mind—like bliss, or unusual visual images, or love for all sentient
beings. Such methods also exist, but they serve a more limited function. The deeper
purpose of meditation is to recognize that which is common to all states of experience,
both pleasant and unpleasant. The goal is to realize those qualities that are intrinsic to
consciousness in every present moment, no matter what arises to be noticed.
When you are able to rest naturally, merely witnessing the totality of experience, and
thoughts themselves are left to arise and vanish as they will, you can recognize that
consciousness is intrinsically undivided. In the moment of such an insight, you will be
completely relieved of the feeling that you call “I.” You will still see this book, of
course, but it will be an appearance in consciousness, inseparable from consciousness
itself—and there will be no sense that you are behind your eyes, doing the reading.
Such a shift in view isn’t a matter of thinking new thoughts. It is easy enough to think
that this book is just an appearance in consciousness. It is another matter to recognize it
as such, prior to the arising of thought.
The gesture that precipitates this insight for most people is an attempt to invert
consciousness upon itself—to look for that which is looking—and to notice, in the first
instant of looking for your self, what happens to the apparent divide between subject
and object. Do you still feel that you are over there, behind your eyes, looking out at a
world of objects?

It really is possible to look for the feeling you are calling “I” and to fail to find it in
a way that is conclusive.
HAVING NO HEAD

Douglas Harding was a British architect who later in life became celebrated in New Age
circles for having opened a novel doorway into the experience of selflessness. Raised among
the Exclusive Plymouth Brethren, a highly repressive sect of fundamentalist Christians, Harding
apparently expressed his doubts with a fervor sufficient to get himself excommunicated for
apostasy. He later moved his family to India, where he spent years on a journey of selfdiscovery that culminated in an insight he described as the state of “having no head.” I never
met Harding, but after reading his books, I have little doubt that he was attempting to introduce
his students to the same understanding that is the basis of Dzogchen practice.
Harding was led to his insight after seeing a self-portrait of the Austrian physicist and
philosopher Ernst Mach, who had the clever idea of drawing himself as he appeared from a
first-person point of view: “I lie upon my sofa. If I close my right eye, the picture represented in
the accompanying cut is presented to my left eye. In a frame formed by the ridge of my eyebrow,
by my nose, and by my moustache, appears a part of my body, so far as visible, with its
environment.”20 Harding later wrote several books about his experience, including a very
useful little volume titled On Having No Head. It is both amusing and instructive to note that his
teachings were singled out for derision by the cognitive scientist Douglas Hofstadter (in
collaboration with my friend Daniel Dennett), a man of wide learning and great intelligence
who, it would appear, did not understand what Harding was talking about.

Here is a portion of Harding’s text that Hofstadter criticized:

What actually happened was something absurdly simple and unspectacular: I stopped
thinking. A peculiar quiet, an odd kind of alert limpness or numbness, came over me.
Reason and imagination and all mental chatter died down. For once, words really failed
me. Past and future dropped away. I forgot who and what I was, my name, manhood,
animal-hood, all that could be called mine. It was as if I had been born that instant, brand
new, mindless, innocent of all memories. There existed only the Now, that present
moment and what was clearly given in it. To look was enough. And what I found was
khaki trouser legs terminating downwards in a pair of brown shoes, khaki sleeves
terminating sideways in a pair of pink hands, and a khaki shirtfront terminating upwards
in absolutely nothing whatsoever! Certainly not in a head.
It took me no time at all to notice that this nothing, this hole where a head should have
been, was no ordinary vacancy, no mere nothing. On the contrary, it was very much
occupied. It was a vast emptiness vastly filled, a nothing that found room for everything:
room for grass, trees, shadowy distant hills, and far above them snow-peaks like a row of
angular clouds riding the blue sky. I had lost a head and gained a world. . . . Here it was,
this superb scene, brightly shining in the clear air, alone and unsupported, mysteriously
suspended in the void, and (and this was the real miracle, the wonder and delight) utterly
free of “me,” unstained by any observer. Its total presence was my total absence, body
and soul. Lighter than air, clearer than glass, altogether released from myself. I was
nowhere around. . . . There arose no questions, no reference beyond the experience itself,
but only peace and a quiet joy, and the sensation of having dropped an intolerable
burden. . . . I had been blind to the one thing that is always present, and without which I
am blind indeed to this marvelous substitute-for-a-head, this unbounded clarity, this
luminous and absolutely pure void, which nevertheless is—rather than contains—all
things. For, however carefully I attend, I fail to find here even so much as a blank screen
on which these mountains and sun and sky are projected, or a clear mirror in which they
are reflected, or a transparent lens or aperture through which they are viewed, still less a
soul or a mind to which they are presented, or viewer (however shadowy) who is
distinguishable from the view. Nothing whatever intervenes, not even that baffling and
elusive obstacle called “distance”: the huge blue sky, the pink-edged whiteness of the
snows, the sparkling green of the grass—how can these be remote, when there’s nothing
to be remote from? The headless void refuses all definition and location: it is not round,
or small, or big, or even here as distinct from there.21
Harding’s assertion that he has no head must be read in the first-person sense; the man was not
claiming to have been literally decapitated. From a first-person point of view, his emphasis on
headlessness is a stroke of genius that offers an unusually clear description of what it’s like to
glimpse the nonduality of consciousness.
Here are Hofstadter’s “reflections” on Harding’s account: “We have here been presented
with a charmingly childish and solipsistic view of the human condition. It is something that, at
an intellectual level, offends and appalls us: can anyone sincerely entertain such notions without
embarrassment? Yet to some primitive level in us it speaks clearly. That is the level at which

we cannot accept the notion of our own death.”22 Having expressed his pity for batty old
Harding, Hofstadter proceeds to explain away his insights as a solipsistic denial of mortality—
a perpetuation of the childish illusion that “I am a necessary ingredient of the universe.”
However, Harding’s point was that “I” is not even an ingredient, necessary or otherwise, of his
own mind. What Hofstadter fails to realize is that Harding’s account contains a precise,
empirical instruction: Look for whatever it is you are calling “I” without being distracted by
even the subtlest undercurrent of thought—and notice what happens the moment you turn
consciousness upon itself.
This illustrates a very common phenomenon in scientific and secular circles: We have a
contemplative like Harding who, to the eye of anyone familiar with the experience of selftranscendence, has described it in a manner approaching perfect clarity; we also have a scholar
like Hofstadter, a celebrated contributor to our modern understanding of the mind, who
dismisses him as a child.
Before rejecting Harding’s account as merely silly, you should investigate this experience
for yourself.

Look for Your Head
As you gaze at the world around you, take a moment to look for your head. This may
seem like a bizarre instruction. You might think, “Of course, I can’t see my head.
What’s so interesting about that?” Not so fast. Simply look at the world, or at other
people, and attempt to turn your attention in the direction of where you know your head
to be. For instance, if you are having a conversation with another person, see if you can
let your attention travel in the direction of the other person’s gaze. He is looking at your
face—and you cannot see your face. The only face present, from your point of view,
belongs to the other person. But looking for yourself in this way can precipitate a
sudden change in perspective, of the sort Harding describes.
Some people find it easier to trigger this shift in a slightly different way: As you are
looking out at the world, simply imagine that you have no head.
Whichever method you choose, don’t struggle with this exercise. It is not a matter of
going deep within or of producing some extraordinary experience. The view of
headlessness is right on the surface of consciousness and can be glimpsed the moment
you attempt to turn about. Pay attention to how the world appears in the first instant, not
after a protracted effort. Either you will see it immediately or you won’t see it at all.
And the resulting glimpse of open awareness will last only a moment or two before
thoughts intervene. Simply repeat this glimpse, again and again, in as relaxed a way as
possible, as you go about your day.
Once again, selflessness is not a “deep” feature of consciousness. It is right on the surface.
And yet people can meditate for years without recognizing it. After I was introduced to the
practice of Dzogchen, I realized that much of my time spent meditating had been a way of

actively overlooking the very insight I was seeking.
How can something be right on the surface of experience and yet be difficult to see? I have
already drawn an analogy to the optic blind spot. But other analogies may give a clearer sense
of the subtle shift in attention that is required to see what is right before one’s eyes.
We’ve all had the experience of looking through a window and suddenly noticing our own
reflection in the glass. At that moment we have a choice: to use the window as a window and
see the world beyond, or to use it as a mirror. It is extraordinarily easy to shift back and forth
between these two views but impossible to truly focus on both simultaneously. This shift offers
a very good analogy both for what it is like to recognize the illusoriness of the self for the first
time and for why it can take so long to do it.
Imagine that you want to show another person how a window can also function like a mirror.
As it happens, your friend has never seen this effect and is quite skeptical of your claims. You
direct her attention to the largest window in your house, and although the conditions are perfect
for seeing her reflection, she immediately becomes captivated by the world outside. What a
beautiful view! Who are your neighbors? Is that a redwood or a Douglas fir? You begin to
speak about there being two views and about the fact that your friend’s reflection stands before
her even now, but she notices only that the neighbor’s dog has slipped out the front door and is
now dashing down the sidewalk. In every moment, it is clear to you that your friend is staring
directly through the image of her face without seeing it.
Of course, you could easily direct her attention to the surface of the window by touching the
glass with your hand. This would be akin to the “pointing-out instruction” of Dzogchen.
However, here the analogy begins to break down. It is very difficult to imagine someone’s not
being able to see her reflection in a window even after years of looking—but that is what
happens when a person begins most forms of spiritual practice. Most techniques of meditation
are, in essence, elaborate ways for looking through the window in the hope that if one only
sees the world in greater detail, an image of one’s true face will eventually appear. Imagine a
teaching like this: If you just focus on the trees swaying outside the window without
distraction, you will see your true face. Undoubtedly, such an instruction would be an obstacle
to seeing what could otherwise be seen directly. Almost everything that has been said or written
about spiritual practice, even most of the teachings one finds in Buddhism, directs a person’s
gaze to the world beyond the glass, thereby confusing matters from the very beginning.
But one must start somewhere. And the truth is that most people are simply too distracted by
their thoughts to have the selflessness of consciousness pointed out directly. And even if they
are ready to glimpse it, they are unlikely to understand its significance. Harding confessed that
many of his students recognized the state of “headlessness” only to say, “So what?” It is, in fact,
very difficult to deal with this “So what?” That is why certain traditions, like Dzogchen,
consider teachings about the intrinsic nonduality of consciousness to be secret, reserving them
for students who have spent considerable time practicing other forms of meditation. On one
level, the requirement that a person have mastered other preliminary practices is purely
pragmatic—for unless she has the requisite concentration and mindfulness to actually follow the
teacher’s instructions, she is liable to be lost in thought and understand nothing at all. But there
is another purpose to withholding these nondual teachings: Unless a person has spent some time

seeking self-transcendence dualistically, she is unlikely to recognize that the brief glimpse of
selflessness is actually the answer to her search. Having then said, “So what?” in the face of the
highest teachings, there is nothing for her to do but persist in her confusion.
THE PARADOX OF ACCEPTANCE

It would seem that very few good things in life come from our accepting the present moment as
it is. To become educated, we must be motivated to learn. To master a sport requires that we
continually improve our performance and overcome our resistance to physical exertion. To be a
better spouse or parent, we often must make a deliberate effort to change ourselves. Merely
accepting that we are lazy, distracted, petty, easily provoked to anger, and inclined to waste our
time in ways that we will later regret is not a path to happiness.
And yet it is true that meditation requires total acceptance of what is given in the present
moment. If you are injured and in pain, the path to mental peace can be traversed in a single
step: Simply accept the pain as it arises, while doing whatever you need to do to help your
body heal. If you are anxious before giving a speech, become willing to feel the anxiety fully, so
that it becomes a meaningless pattern of energy in your mind and body. Embracing the contents
of consciousness in any moment is a very powerful way of training yourself to respond
differently to adversity. However, it is important to distinguish between accepting unpleasant
sensations and emotions as a strategy—while covertly hoping that they will go away—and truly
accepting them as transitory appearances in consciousness. Only the latter gesture opens the
door to wisdom and lasting change. The paradox is that we can become wiser and more
compassionate and live more fulfilling lives by refusing to be who we have tended to be in the
past. But we must also relax, accepting things as they are in the present, as we strive to change
ourselves.

Chapter 5

Gurus, Death, Drugs, and Other Puzzles

One of the first obstacles encountered along any contemplative path is the basic uncertainty
about the nature of spiritual authority. If there are important truths to be discovered through
introspection, there must be better and worse ways to do this—and one should expect to meet a
range of experts, novices, fools, and frauds along the way. Of course, charlatans haunt every
walk of life. But on spiritual matters, foolishness and fraudulence can be especially difficult to
detect. Unfortunately, this is a natural consequence of the subject matter. When learning to play
a sport like golf, you can immediately establish the abilities of the teacher, and the teacher can,
in turn, evaluate your progress without leaving anything to the imagination. All the relevant facts
are in plain view. If you can’t consistently hit the little white ball where you want it to go, you
have something to learn from anybody who can. The difference between an expert and a novice
is no less stark when it comes to recognizing the illusion of the self. But the qualifications of a
teacher and the progress of a student are more difficult to assess.
Spiritual teachers of a certain ability, whether real or imagined, are often described as
“gurus,” and they elicit an unusual degree of devotion from their students. If your golf instructor
were to insist that you shave your head, sleep no more than four hours each night, renounce sex,
and subsist on a diet of raw vegetables, you would find a new golf instructor. However, when
gurus make demands of this kind, many of their students simply do as directed.
In the West, the term guru immediately conjures the image of a surrounding “cult” of
devotees—a situation known to give rise to terrifying social deformities. In cults and other
fringe spiritual communities, we often find a collection of needy and credulous dropouts ruled
by a charismatic psychotic or psychopath. When we consider groups like the People’s Temple
under Jim Jones, the Branch Davidians under David Koresh, and Heaven’s Gate under Marshall
Applewhite, it is almost impossible to understand how the spell was first cast, let alone how it
was maintained under conditions of such terrible deprivation and danger. But each of these
groups proved that intellectual isolation and abuse can lead even well-educated people to
willingly destroy themselves.
Gurus fall at every point along the spectrum of moral wisdom. Charles Manson was a guru
of sorts. Jesus, the Buddha, Muhammad, Joseph Smith, and every other patriarch and matriarch
of the world’s religions were as well. For our purpose, the only differences between a cult and
a religion are the numbers of adherents and the degree to which they are marginalized by the
rest of society. Scientology remains a cult. Mormonism has (just barely) become a religion.
Christianity has been a religion for more than a thousand years. But one searches in vain for
differences in their respective doctrines that account for the difference in their status.

Some gurus claim to channel the dead, to be poised to leave Earth on an alien spacecraft, or
to have once ruled Atlantis. Others impart perfectly reasonable teachings about the nature of the
mind and the causes of human suffering—only to make ridiculous claims about cosmology or
the origins of disease. To hear that someone is a “guru” tells us almost nothing apart from the
fact that some students hold this person in high esteem. Whether their reasons for doing so are
good or bad—and whether these people pose a danger to their neighbors—depends upon the
content of their beliefs.
Teachers in any field can help or harm their students, and a person’s desire to make progress
and to win the teacher’s approval can often be exploited—emotionally, financially, or sexually.
But a guru purports to teach the very art of living, and thus his beliefs potentially encompass
every question relevant to the well-being of his students. Apart from parenthood, probably no
human relationship offers greater scope for benevolence or abuse than that of guru to disciple.
Unsurprisingly, therefore, the ethical failures of the men and women who assume this role can
be spectacular and constitute some of the greatest examples of hypocrisy and betrayal to be
found anywhere.
The problem of trust is compounded because the line between valid instruction and abuse
can be difficult to discern. Given that the entire purpose of a devotee’s relationship to a guru is
to have his egocentric illusions exposed and undermined, any unwelcome intrusion into his life
can potentially be justified as a teaching.
Whenever Gutei Oshō was asked about Zen, he simply raised his finger. Once a visitor
asked Gutei’s boy attendant, “What does your master teach?” The boy too raised his
finger. Hearing of this, Gutei cut off the boy’s finger with a knife. The boy, screaming
with pain, began to run away. Gutei called to him, and when he turned around, Gutei
raised his finger. The boy suddenly became enlightened.1
If cutting off a child’s finger can count as compassionate instruction, it seems impossible to
predict just how fully a spiritual teacher might depart from conventional ethical norms. This is
both a theoretical problem in the literature and a psychological one in many spiritual
communities: A student’s moral intuitions and instincts for self-preservation can always be
recast as symptoms of fear and attachment. Consequently, even the most extraordinarily cruel or
degrading treatment at the hands of a guru can be interpreted as being for one’s own good: The
master wants to have sex with you or your spouse—why would you resist? Can’t you see that
your impulse to refuse such a generous overture rests on the very illusion of separateness
that you want to overcome? Oh, you don’t fancy tithing 20 percent of your income to the
ashram? Why are you so attached to the fruits of your own labor? What is enlightenment
worth to you anyway? You don’t like scrubbing toilets and doing yard work for hours at a
stretch? Are you above performing such simple acts of service to the Divine? Don’t you see
that this feeling of self-importance is precisely what must be surrendered before you can
recognize your true nature? You found it humiliating when the master had you strip naked
and dance in front of your parents and the rest of the congregation? Can’t you see that this
was just a mirror held up to expose your own egocentricity? Oh, you don’t think an

enlightened adept would behave this way? Well, what makes you think that your provincial
assumptions about enlightenment are true?
Given the structure of this game, it is little wonder that many people have been harmed by
their relationships to spiritual teachers—or that many teachers, given so much power over the
lives of others, have abused it. This ethical terrain is all the more confusing because there is no
cult leader so deranged or sadistic, or whose fall from grace was so hideous, that one can’t find
students who will insist that he or she is the Messiah. It is amazing to consider, but there are
people still walking this earth who believe that Jim Jones, David Koresh, and Marshall
Applewhite were genuine saviors. It is also safe to say that no teacher has been so saintly and
impeccable that someone hasn’t left his company convinced that he was a dangerous lunatic. If
every guru were judged by the worst thing anyone has ever said about him, none would escape
hanging.
It is true, however, that the role of guru seems to attract more than its fair share of narcissists
and confidence men. Again, this seems to be a natural consequence of the subject matter. One
can’t fake being an expert gymnast, a rocket scientist, or even a competent cook—at least not
for long—but one can fake being an enlightened adept. Those who succeed in doing this are
often quite charismatic, because a person can’t survive long in this mode unless he can bowl
people over. G. I. Gurdjieff set the standard here, and he may have been the first man to return
from his travels in the East and establish himself as a proper guru in the West. He was the
classic example of a gifted charlatan. He managed to attract a wide following of smart,
successful devotees, including the French mathematician Henri Poincaré, the painter Georgia
O’Keeffe, and the authors J. B. Priestley, René Daumal, and Katherine Mansfield. He reached
other luminaries as well—including Aldous Huxley, T. S. Eliot, and Gerald Heard—through
the efforts of his main disciple, P. D. Ouspensky. Frank Lloyd Wright once declared Gurdjieff
“the greatest man in the world.”2 Coming from a narcissist of Wright’s caliber, this says quite a
lot about what sort of impression the man could make.
However, Gurdjieff taught his students that the moon was alive, that it controlled the thoughts
and behaviors of unenlightened people, and that it devoured their souls at the moment of death.
He used to make visitors to his chateau in Fontainebleau spend long days digging ditches in the
sun—only to have them immediately fill them in and begin digging elsewhere. He must have
made quite an impression in person, given how long he was able to get away with this mischief.
I’m confident that if I were to teach a similarly insane doctrine, all the while demanding painful
and pointless sacrifices from my students, I wouldn’t have a friend left on earth by the end of
the week.
I’m not saying that being forced to do hard and seemingly useless work cannot benefit a
person. Consider the Navy SEALs: To become a SEAL, every candidate must pass a qualifying
course so arduous that it would constitute torture if imposed on him against his will. This is a
selection process that allows the U.S. Navy to produce the most elite special operations force
found anywhere. But it is also a bad selection process that serves primarily as a rite of passage.
It is well known, for instance, that some of the best recruits to the SEAL program are weeded
out owing to sheer bad luck. They simply suffer too many injuries to continue with the training
or to survive “hell week”—a five-and-a-half-day purgatory of wet sand, dangerous boat drills,

calisthenics, hypothermia, and sleeplessness. But those left standing have had an experience of
self-overcoming unknown to humanity outside ancient Sparta—and they can be sure that
everyone else with whom they will serve in combat has survived the same ordeal.
One of the first things one learns in practicing meditation is that nothing is intrinsically
boring—indeed, boredom is simply a lack of attention. Pay sufficient attention, and the mere
experience of breathing can reward months and years of steady vigilance. Every guru knows
that drudgery can be a way of testing the strength of this insight. And, needless to say, this truth
about the human mind can be exploited. The journalist Frances FitzGerald recounts meeting
many well-educated disciples of Osho (Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh)—doctors, lawyers,
engineers, professors—doing years of uncompensated menial labor at his Oregon commune.3
All appeared quite happy with the work, presumably viewing it as an exercise in selfovercoming. Indeed, abandoning one’s worldly ambitions to do menial labor—attentively and
joyfully—can be an exercise in self-overcoming. Here, two truths apparently collide: A person
can be exploited and still learn something valuable in the process.
But one must draw the line somewhere, and I think consent should be the governing
principle. SEALs in training can drop out at any time, and they are continually encouraged to do
so. The inner voice that says they might not have what it takes to be a SEAL is deliberately
amplified by their instructors—often by bullhorn—so that those who don’t have what it takes
will leave the program. That is what distinguishes SEAL training from actual torture. Cults, by
contrast, often violate the principle of consent in many ways. I don’t deny that a truly
enlightened man or woman—that is, one who has fully and permanently unraveled the
conventional sense of self—might awaken his or her students by violating certain moral or
cultural norms. But extreme examples of such unconventional behavior—often referred to in the
literature as “crazy wisdom”—seem to produce the desired result only in the literature. Every
modern instance of these shenanigans has seemed far more crazy than wise, attesting to nothing
so much as the insecurities and sensual desires of the guru in question. Ancient tales of
liberating violence, as in the Zen parable above, or of enlightening sexual exploits seem like
literary teaching devices, not accurate accounts of how wisdom has been reliably transmitted
from master to disciple.
It is usually easy to detect social and psychological problems in any community of spiritual
seekers. This seems to be yet another liability inherent to the project of self-transcendence.
Many people renounce the world because they can’t find a satisfactory place in it, and almost
any spiritual teaching can be used to justify a pathological lack of ambition. For someone who
has not yet succeeded at anything and who probably fears failure, a doctrine that criticizes the
search for worldly success can be very appealing. And devotion to a guru—a combination of
love, gratitude, awe, and obedience—can facilitate an unhealthy return to childhood. In fact, the
very structure of this relationship can condemn a student to a kind of intellectual and emotional
slavery. The writer Peter Marin captured the mood perfectly:
Obedience to a “perfect master.” One could hear, inwardly in them, the gathering of

breath for a collective sigh of relief. At last, to be set free, to lay down one’s burden, to
be a child again—not in renewed innocence, but in restored dependence, in admitted,
undisguised dependence. To be told, again, what to do, and how to do it. . . . The yearning
in the audience was so palpable, their need so thick and obvious, that it was impossible
not to feel it, impossible not to empathize with it in some way. Why not, after all? Clearly
there are truths and kinds of wisdom to which most persons will not come alone; clearly
there are in the world authorities in matters of the spirit, seasoned travelers, guides.
Somewhere there must be truths other than the disappointing ones we have; somewhere
there must be access to a world larger than this one. And if, to get there, we must put
aside all arrogance of will and the stubborn ego, why not? Why not admit what we do not
know and cannot do and submit to someone who both knows and does, who will teach us
if we merely put aside all judgment for the moment and obey with trust and goodwill?4
A relationship with a guru, or indeed with any expert, tends to run along authoritarian lines.
You don’t know what you need to know, and the expert presumably does; that’s why you are
sitting in front of him in the first place. The implied hierarchy is unavoidable. Contemplative
expertise exists, and a contemplative expert is someone who can help you realize certain truths
about the nature of your own mind.
Unfortunately, the link between self-transcendence and moral behavior is not as
straightforward as we might like. It would seem that people can have genuine spiritual insights,
and a capacity to provoke those insights in others, while harboring serious moral flaws. It is not
always accurate to call such people “frauds”: They aren’t necessarily pretending to have
spiritual insights or to be able to produce such experiences in others. But depending on the
level of their practice their insights may be an insufficient antidote to the rest of their
personalities. The resulting problems can be accentuated by cultural differences. For instance,
what is the age of consent for sex? One wouldn’t necessarily get the same answers in Bombay
and Boston. Certain schools of Buddhism focus on compassion, kindness, and nonharming to an
unusual degree, and this offers some protection against abuses of power. But even here one
occasionally finds a venerated master with the ethical intuitions of a pirate.
Consider the case of the late Tibetan lama Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche, who was an
inspired teacher but also an occasionally violent drunk and a philanderer. As guru to Allen
Ginsberg, Trungpa attracted many of America’s most accomplished poets into his orbit. Once,
at a Halloween party for senior students—where W. S. Merwin, the future poet laureate of the
United States, and his girlfriend, the poet Dana Naone, were guests—Trungpa ordered his
bodyguards to forcibly strip a sixty-year-old woman of her clothing and carry her naked around
the meditation hall. This made Merwin and Naone more than a little uncomfortable, and they
thought it wise to return to their room for the rest of the night. Noticing their absence, Trungpa
asked a group of devotees to find the poets and bring them back to the party. When Merwin and
Naone refused to open their door, Trungpa instructed his disciples to break it down. The
resulting forced entry led to chaos—wherein Merwin, who was then famous for his pacifism,
fought off his attackers with a broken beer bottle, stabbing several in the face and arms. The
sight of blood, and his horror over his own actions, apparently collapsed Merwin’s defenses,

and he and Naone finally allowed themselves to be captured and brought before the guru.
Trungpa, who was by then quite drunk, castigated the pair for their egocentricity and
demanded that they take off their clothes. When they refused, he ordered his bodyguards to strip
them. By all accounts, Naone became hysterical and begged someone among the crowd of
onlookers to call the police. One student attempted to physically intervene. Trungpa himself
punched this Samaritan in the face and then ordered his guards to drag the man from the room.
Predictably, many of Trungpa’s students viewed the assault on Merwin and Naone as a
profound spiritual teaching meant to subdue their egos. Ginsberg, who had not been present at
the time, offered the following assessment in an interview: “In the middle of that scene, to yell
‘call the police’—do you realize how vulgar that was? The Wisdom of the East was being
unveiled, and she’s going ‘call the police!’ I mean, shit! Fuck that shit! Strip ’em naked, break
down the door!”5 Apart from having produced a perfect jewel of hippie moral confusion,
Ginsberg exposed the riddle at the heart of the traditional guru-devotee relationship. No doubt
Merwin and Naone’s preference to not dance naked in public had more than a little to do with
their attachment to their own privacy and autonomy. And it isn’t inconceivable that a guru could
operate in such a coercive and seemingly unethical way out of a sense of compassion. In fact, it
may have been conceivable to Merwin and Naone themselves, even in the aftermath of this
humiliating ordeal, because they remained at Trungpa’s seminar for several more days to
receive further teachings. However, judging from the effect that Trungpa’s wild behavior had
on both himself (he apparently died from alcoholism) and his students, it is very difficult to
view it as the product of enlightened wisdom.
The scandals surrounding Trungpa’s organization did not end there. Trungpa had groomed a
Western student, Ösel Tendzin, to be his successor. Tendzin was the first Westerner to be
honored in this way in any lineage of Tibetan Buddhism. His appointment as “Vajra Regent”
had even been approved by the Karmapa, one of the most revered Tibetan masters then living.
As it happens, Tendzin was bisexual, highly promiscuous, and rather fond of pressuring his
straight male devotees to have sex with him as a form of spiritual initiation. He later contracted
HIV but continued to have unprotected sex with more than a hundred men and women without
telling them of his condition. Trungpa and several people on the board of his organization knew
that the regent was ill and did their best to keep it a secret. Once the scandal broke, Tendzin
claimed that Trungpa had promised him that he would do no harm as long as he continued his
spiritual practice. Apparently, the virus in his blood didn’t care whether he did his spiritual
practice or not. At least one of his victims later died of AIDS, having spread HIV to others.
What one encounters in a person like Trungpa is a mind impressively free of shame. This can
be a good thing, provided that one happens to also be committed to the well-being of others. But
shame serves a crucial social function: It keeps us from behaving like wild animals. Believing
in one’s own perfect enlightenment is rather like driving a car without brakes—not a problem if
you never need to stop or slow down, but otherwise a terrible idea. The belief that he could
live beyond conventional moral constraints is explicitly put forward in Trungpa’s teaching:
[Morality] or discipline is not a matter of binding oneself to a fixed set of laws or
patterns. For if a bodhisattva is completely selfless, a completely open person, then he

will act according to openness, [and] will not have to follow rules; he will simply fall
into patterns. It is impossible for the bodhisattva to destroy or harm other people, because
he embodies transcendental generosity. He has opened himself completely and so does
not discriminate between this and that. He just acts in accordance with what is. . . . If we
are completely open, not watching ourselves at all, but being completely open and
communicating with situations as they are, then action is pure, absolute, superior. . . . It is
an often-used metaphor that the bodhisattva’s conduct is like the walk of an elephant.
Elephants do not hurry; they just walk slowly and surely through the jungle, one step after
another. They just sail right along. They never fall nor do they make mistakes.6
The state of freedom and effortless goodwill that Trungpa describes here undoubtedly
corresponds to an experience that certain people have and to a perception (whether true or not)
that others can form about them. But boundless compassion is one thing; inerrancy is another.
The notion that one is incapable of making mistakes poses obvious ethical concerns, no matter
what one’s level of realization. Anyone who has studied the spread of Eastern spirituality in the
West knows that these elephants often stumble—even stampede—injuring themselves and many
others in the process.
A person’s eyes convey a powerful illusion of inner life. The illusion is true, but it is an
illusion all the same. When we look into the eyes of another human being, we seem to see the
light of consciousness radiating from the eyes themselves—there is a glint of joy or judgment,
perhaps. But every inflection of mood or personality—even the most basic indication that the
person is alive—comes not from the eyes but from the surrounding muscles of the face. If a
person’s eyes look clouded by madness or fatigue, the muscles orbicularis oculi are to blame.
And if a person appears to radiate the wisdom of the ages, the effect comes not from the eyes
but from what he or she is doing with them. Nevertheless, the illusion is a powerful one, and
there is no question that the subjective experience of inner radiance can be communicated with
the gaze.
It is not an accident, therefore, that gurus often show an unusual commitment to maintaining
eye contact. In the best case, this behavior emerges from a genuine comfort in the presence of
other people and deep interest in their well-being. Given such a frame of mind, there may
simply be no reason to look away. But maintaining eye contact can also become a way of
“acting spiritual” and, therefore, an intrusive affectation. There are also people who maintain
rigid eye lock not from an attitude of openness and interest or from any attempt to appear open
and interested but as an aggressive and narcissistic show of dominance. Psychopaths tend to
make exceptionally good eye contact.
Whatever the motive behind it, there can be tremendous power in an unwavering gaze. Most
readers will know what I’m talking about, but if you want to witness a glorious example of the
assertive grandiosity that a person’s eyes can convey, watch a few interviews with Osho. I
never met Osho, but I have met many people like him. And the way he plays the game of eye
contact is simply hilarious.7

I confess that there was a period in my life, after I first plunged into matters spiritual, when I
became a nuisance in this respect. Wherever I went, no matter how superficial the exchange, I
gazed into the eyes of everyone I met as though they were my long-lost lover. No doubt, many
people found this more than a bit creepy. Others considered it a stark provocation. But it also
precipitated exchanges with complete strangers that were fascinating. With some regularity
people of both sexes seemed to become bewitched by me on the basis of a single conversation.
Had I been peddling some consoling philosophy and been eager to gather students, I suspect that
I could have made a proper mess of things. I definitely glimpsed the path that many spiritual
imposters have taken throughout history.
Interestingly, when one functions in this mode, one quickly recognizes all the other people
who are playing the same game. I had many encounters wherein I would meet the eyes of a
person across the room, and suddenly we were playing War of the Warlocks: two strangers
holding each other’s gaze well past the point that our primate genes or cultural conditioning
would ordinarily countenance. Play this game long enough and you begin to have some very
strange encounters.
I don’t remember consciously deciding to stop behaving this way, but stop I did.
Nevertheless, it is worth paying attention to the type of eye contact one makes. As I already
noted, the discomfort one feels when meeting another’s gaze seems like nothing more than a
ramification of the very feeling of being a self. For this reason, open-eyed meditation with
another person can be a very powerful practice. When one overcomes the resistance to staring
into another person’s eyes, the absence of self-consciousness can be especially vivid.

Eye Contact Meditation
1. Sit across from your partner and simply stare into each other’s eyes. (Depending on
how far apart you sit, you might have to pick one eye to focus on.)
2 Continue to hold each other’s gaze, without speaking.
3. Ignore laughter and other signs of discomfort.
This practice can be combined with the other techniques described in this book,
especially mindfulness of breathing and Douglas Harding’s inquiry into
“headlessness.”
Witnessing the misadventures of supposedly enlightened adepts and their devotees can be
depressing. But it can also be amusing. I wrote about one such instance in my first book, The
End of Faith:
I know a group of veteran spiritual seekers who, after searching for a teacher among the
caves and dells of the Himalayas for many months, finally discovered a Hindu yogi who
seemed qualified to lead them into the ethers. He was as thin as Jesus, as limber as an
orangutan, and wore his hair matted, down to his knees. They promptly brought this

prodigy to America to instruct them in the ways of spiritual devotion. After a suitable
period of acculturation, our ascetic—who was, incidentally, also admired for his
physical beauty and for the manner in which he played the drum—decided that sex with
the prettiest of his patrons’ wives would suit his pedagogical purposes admirably. These
relations were commenced at once, and endured for some time by a man whose devotion
to wife and guru, it must be said, was now being sorely tested. His wife, if I am not
mistaken, was an enthusiastic participant in this “tantric” exercise, for her guru was both
“fully enlightened” and as dashing a swain as Lord Krishna. Gradually, this saintly man
further refined his spiritual requirements, as well as his appetites. The day soon dawned
when he would eat nothing for breakfast but a pint of Häagen-Dazs vanilla ice cream
topped with cashews. We might well imagine that the meditations of a cuckold,
wandering the frozen-food aisles of a supermarket in search of an enlightened man’s
enlightened repast, were anything but devotional. This guru was soon sent back to India
with his drum.8
Ice cream for breakfast. That may tell us everything we need to know. And yet there is no way
around the fact that in spiritual matters, as in all others, we must seek instruction from those
whom we deem to be more accomplished than ourselves, and the signs of accomplishment are
not always clear. With spirituality, the subject matter and the apparent distance between teacher
and student seem to create the perfect conditions for self-deception—and thus for misplaced
and exploited trust. It is possible, however—with a bit of luck and discrimination—to bypass
such problems while still receiving teachings from those who are wiser and more experienced
in these matters than oneself.
I offer my own case as a not entirely unusual example. Throughout my twenties, I studied
with many teachers who functioned as gurus in the traditional sense, but I never had a
relationship with any of them that I find embarrassing in retrospect or that I wouldn’t currently
recommend to others. I don’t know whether to attribute this to good luck or to the fact that there
was a line of devotion I was never tempted to cross. Traditionally, one is admonished to view
one’s guru as perfect. I confess that I could never take this advice seriously—other than in the
trivial sense that consciousness itself might be considered perfect in some way, or that a perfect
realization of its intrinsic freedom might be possible. Despite how impressive many of my
teachers were, they were undoubtedly human and susceptible to the same cultural biases and
physical infirmities that define the lives of ordinary people.
For instance, when it came time for Poonja-ji to marry off his niece, he could think of
nothing more enlightened than to publish her picture in the singles section of the local
newspaper, after having paid a photographer to lighten the color of her skin by several shades.
This practice was ubiquitous in India at the time and considered entirely normal. To my eye,
however, it was at once deceitful, demeaning, and expressive of bigotry toward people with
dark skin. I could only conclude that either enlightenment failed to clear the mind of such
cultural residues or Poonja-ji had yet to achieve full enlightenment. In either case, I couldn’t
view his solution to the problem of marriage as “perfect.”
The gurus I have met personally, as well as those whose careers and teachings I have studied

at a distance, range from crooks who could be quickly dismissed to teachers who were brilliant
but flawed, to those who, while still human, seemed to possess so much compassion and clarity
of mind that they were nearly flawless examples of the benefits of spiritual practice. This last
group is of obvious interest, and these are surely the people one hopes to meet, but the middle
group can be helpful as well. Some teachers about whom depressing stories are told—men and
women whose indiscretions may seem to discredit the very concept of spiritual authority—are,
in fact, talented contemplatives. Many of these people get corrupted by the power and
opportunities that come from inspiring devotion in others. Some may begin to believe the myths
that grow up around them, and some are guilty of ludicrous exaggerations of their own spiritual
and historical significance. Caveat emptor.
Of course, there can be clear indications that a teacher is not worth paying attention to. A
history as a fabulist or a con artist should be considered fatal; thus, the spiritual opinions of
Joseph Smith, Gurdjieff, and L. Ron Hubbard can be safely ignored. A fetish for numbers is
also an ominous sign. Math is magical, but math approached like magic is just superstition—
and numerology is where the intellect goes to die. Prophecy is also a very strong indication of
chicanery or madness on the part of a teacher, and of stupidity among his students. One can
extrapolate from scientific data or technological trends (climate models, Moore’s law), but
most detailed predictions about the future lead to embarrassment right on schedule. Anyone who
can confidently tell you what the world will be like in 2027 is delusional. The channeling of
invisible entities, whether broadcast from beyond the grave or from another galaxy, should
provoke only laughter. J. Z. Knight, who has long claimed to be the mouthpiece for a 35,000year-old entity named Ramtha, is the ultimate example of how you don’t want your teacher to
sound. And any suggestion that a guru has influenced world events through magic should also
put an end to the conversation. Sri Aurobindo and his partner, known as “the Mother,”
apparently claimed to have decided the outcome of World War II with their psychic powers. 9
(In that case, one wonders why they weren’t held morally responsible for not having ended it
sooner.) Yet another reason to ignore Aurobindo’s long, unreadable books.
Generally speaking, you should head for the door at any sign of deception on the part of a
teacher. Admittedly, you might want to make certain allowances for cultural differences and for
the harmlessness of the lie. On one occasion, a very great Dzogchen master—truly one of the
most inspiring people I have ever met—declared that a certain day of our retreat would be one
of vegetarian austerity (which, from a Tibetan point of view, is an actual sacrifice). Sometime
after lunch I entered his room and caught him in flagrante delicto, furtively eating a steak out of
tinfoil. The moment he saw me, this devilish old lama wadded the foil into a ball and chucked it
to his wife like a quarterback delivering a lateral pass. She then hurled it across the room,
where it made a distinctly moist thud in the back of a closet. Needless to say, we all had a very
good laugh over these machinations, and it was not the sort of deception that seemed calculated
to manipulate students or to falsely elevate the status of the teacher. In fact, this teacher did not
elevate himself at all—a quality that can compensate for many other sins.
I have never encountered a spiritual teacher who I thought was fully enlightened in the sense
that many Buddhists and Hindus imagine is possible—that is, stably free of the illusion of self
and endowed with clairvoyance and other miraculous powers. While I remain open to evidence

of psi phenomena—clairvoyance, telepathy, and so forth—the fact that they haven’t been
conclusively demonstrated in the lab is a very strong indication that they do not exist.
Researchers who study these things allege that the data are there and that proof of psi can be
seen in departures from randomness that occur over thousands of experimental trials.10 But
people who believe that their guru has supernormal powers aren’t thinking in terms of weak,
statistical effects. They believe that a specific person can reliably read minds, heal the sick, and
work other miracles. I have yet to see a case in which evidence for such abilities was presented
in a credible way. If one person on earth possessed psychic powers to any significant degree,
this would be among the easiest facts to authenticate in a lab. Many people have been duped by
traditional evasions on this point; it is often said, for instance, that demonstrating such powers
on demand would be spiritually uncouth and that even to want such empirical evidence is an
unflattering sign of doubt on the part of a student. Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not
believe (John 4:48). A lifetime of foolishness and self-deception awaits anyone who won’t call
this bluff.
But one need not believe in psychic powers to cut through the illusion of the self.
Accomplishing this can be elusive enough. If I’ve met a person who has done so perfectly, I am
unaware of it. I have studied with several people who were assumed to be fully enlightened in
that sense, and even some who made the claim explicitly. But as far as I can tell, this added
nothing of value to their teachings, while introducing a distracting note of grandiosity into the
conversation. Whether or not it’s possible for someone to have a permanent experience of selftranscendence, a student’s conviction that a teacher is fully enlightened seems superfluous—and
it is usually cast in doubt by something silly the teacher says or does in any case.
Once again, I believe that too much can be made of the failures of specific spiritual teachers
or of the pathologies found among their followers, as though such pratfalls discredit the gurudisciple relationship in principle. One might draw a useful analogy to marriage here: Examples
of bad marriages, or at least unenviable ones, are everywhere to be seen, and few seem to live
up to the institution’s promise. Focusing on scenes of domestic misery, one might easily
conclude that the very idea of marriage is flawed and that human beings should find a better
way to arrange themselves and to raise children. I think this conclusion would be reckless.
Although I have yet to find a spiritual community that appeared worth joining, and signs of
trouble are very easy to spot, I have known many people who learned a great deal by spending
extended periods of time in the company of one or another spiritual teacher. And I have learned
indispensable things myself.
All this may raise a concern about whether the ideal of enlightenment is a false one. Is true
freedom even possible? It certainly is in a momentary sense, as any mature practitioner of
meditation knows, and those moments can increase in both number and duration with practice.
Therefore, I see no reason why a person couldn’t perfectly banish the illusion of the self.
However, just the ability to meditate—to rest as consciousness for a few moments prior to the
arising of the next thought—can offer a profound relief from mental suffering. We need not
come to the end of the path to experience the benefits of walking it.
MIND ON THE BRINK OF DEATH

One cannot travel far in spiritual circles without meeting people who are fascinated by the
“near-death experience” (NDE). The phenomenon has been described as follows:
Frequently recurring features include feelings of peace and joy; a sense of being out of
one’s body and watching events going on around one’s body and, occasionally, at some
distant physical location; a cessation of pain; seeing a dark tunnel or void; seeing an
unusually bright light, sometimes experienced as a “Being of Light” that radiates love and
may speak or otherwise communicate with the person; encountering other beings, often
deceased persons whom the experiencer recognizes; experiencing a revival of memories
or even a full life review, sometimes accompanied by feelings of judgment; seeing some
“other realm,” often of great beauty; sensing a barrier or border beyond which the person
cannot go; and returning to the body, often reluctantly.11
Such accounts have led many people to believe that consciousness must be independent of the
brain. However, these experiences vary across cultures, and no single feature is common to
them all. One would think that if a nonphysical domain were truly being explored, some
universal characteristics would stand out. Hindus and Christians would not substantially
disagree—and one certainly wouldn’t expect the after-death state of South Indians to diverge
from that of North Indians, as has been reported.12 It should also trouble NDE enthusiasts that
only 10 to 20 percent of people who approach clinical death recall having any experience at
all.13
But the deepest problem with drawing sweeping conclusions from the NDE is that those who
have had one and subsequently talked about it did not die. Indeed, many of them appear to have
been in no actual danger of dying. And those who have reported leaving their bodies during a
true medical emergency—after cardiac arrest, for instance—did not suffer a complete loss of
brain activity. Even in cases where the brain is alleged to have shut down, its activity must
return if the subject is to survive and describe the experience. In such cases, there is generally
no way to establish that the NDE occurred while the brain was offline.
Many students of the NDE claim that certain people left their bodies and perceived the
commotion surrounding their near death: the efforts of hospital staff to resuscitate them, details
of surgery, the grief of family members. Some subjects even say that they learned facts while
traveling beyond their bodies that would otherwise have been impossible to know—for
instance, a secret told by a dead relative, the truth of which was later confirmed. Reports of this
kind seem especially vulnerable to self-deception, if not deliberate fraud. There is another
problem, however: Even if true, such phenomena might suggest only that the human mind
possesses powers of extrasensory perception (clairvoyance or telepathy, for example). This
would be an astonishing discovery, but it wouldn’t demonstrate the survival of death. Why?
Because unless we could know that a subject’s brain was not functioning when the impressions
were formed, the involvement of the brain must be presumed.14
What is needed to establish the mind’s independence from the brain is a case in which a
person has an experience—of anything—without associated brain activity. From time to time,
someone will claim that a specific NDE meets this criterion. One of the most celebrated cases

in the literature involves a woman, Pam Reynolds, who underwent a procedure known as
“hypothermic cardiac arrest,” in which her core body temperature was brought down to 60
degrees, her heart was stopped, and blood flow to her brain was suspended so that a large
aneurysm in her basilar artery could be repaired. Reynolds reports having had a classic NDE,
complete with an awareness of the details of her surgery.
Her story presents several problems, however. The events in the world that Reynolds claims
to have witnessed during her NDE occurred either before she was “clinically dead” or after
blood circulation had been restored to her brain. In other words, despite the extraordinary
details of the procedure, we have every reason to believe that Reynolds’s brain was functioning
when she had her experiences. Also, her case wasn’t published until several years after it
occurred, and its author, Dr. Michael Sabom, is a born-again Christian who had been working
for decades to substantiate the otherworldly significance of the NDE. The possibility that
experimenter bias, witness tampering (however unconscious), and false memories intruded into
this best of all recorded cases is painfully obvious.
The latest NDE to receive wide acclaim was featured on the cover of Newsweek magazine:
“Heaven Is Real: A Doctor’s Experience of the Afterlife.” The great novelty of this case is that
its subject, Eben Alexander, is a neurosurgeon who, we might presume, is competent to judge
the scientific significance of his experience. Alexander also wrote a book, Proof of Heaven: A
Neurosurgeon’s Journey into the Afterlife , which became an instant bestseller. As it happens,
it displaced one of the bestselling books of the past decade, Heaven Is for Real, yet another
account of the afterlife, based on the near-death adventures of the four-year-old son of a
minister. Unsurprisingly, the two books offer incompatible views of what awaits us beyond the
prison of the brain. (Colorful as his account is, Alexander neglects to tell us that Jesus rides a
rainbow-colored horse or that the souls of dead children must still do homework in heaven.) At
the time of this writing, Alexander’s book is ranked #1 on the New York Times paperback
bestseller list, and it has been on the list for fifty-six weeks. The psychologist Raymond Moody,
who coined the phrase “near-death experience,” called Alexander’s account “the most
astounding I have heard in more than four decades of studying this phenomenon. [He] is living
proof of an afterlife.”15 Well then, prepare to be astounded.
Once upon a time, a neurosurgeon named Eben Alexander contracted a bad case of bacterial
meningitis and fell into a coma. While immobile in his hospital bed, he experienced visions of
such intense beauty that they changed everything—not just for him but for all of us, and for
science as a whole. According to Alexander, his experience proves that consciousness is
independent of the brain, that death is an illusion, and that heaven exists—complete with the
usual angels, clouds, and departed relatives but also butterflies and beautiful girls in peasant
dress. Our current understanding of the mind “now lies broken at our feet,” for, Alexander
declares, “what happened to me destroyed it, and I intend to spend the rest of my life
investigating the true nature of consciousness and making the fact that we are more, much more,
than our physical brains as clear as I can, both to my fellow scientists and to people at large.”16
As should be clear from the preceding chapters, unlike many scientists and philosophers, I

remain agnostic on the question of how consciousness is related to the physical world. There
are good reasons to believe that it is an emergent property of brain activity, just as the rest of
the human mind is. But we know nothing about how such a miracle of emergence might occur.
And if consciousness were irreducible—or even separable from the brain in a way that would
give comfort to Saint Augustine—my worldview would not be overturned. I know that we do
not understand consciousness, and nothing that I think I know about the cosmos or about the
patent falsity of most religious beliefs requires that I deny this. So, although I am an atheist who
can be expected to be critical of religious dogma, I am not reflexively hostile to claims of the
sort Alexander has made. In principle, my mind is open. (It really is.)
However, almost nothing about Alexander’s account withstands scrutiny—and this is
especially insidious, given that he claims to be a scientist. Many of his errors are glaring but
immaterial. In his book, for instance, he understates the estimated number of neurons in the
human brain by a factor of 10. Others are utterly damning to his case. Whatever his
qualifications on paper, Alexander’s evangelizing about his experience in coma is so devoid of
intellectual sobriety, to say nothing of rigor, that I would see no reason to engage with it—if not
for the fact that his book has been read and believed by millions of people. One of the greatest
obstacles I see to our fashioning a rational approach to spirituality is to have religious
superstition and self-deception masquerade as science. Hence, it is worth considering
Alexander’s case in detail.
First, there are some troubling signs that the good doctor is just another casualty of
American-style Christianity, for though he claims to have been a nonbeliever before his
adventures in coma, he offers the following self-portrait:
Although I considered myself a faithful Christian, I was so more in name than in actual
belief. I didn’t begrudge those who wanted to believe that Jesus was more than simply a
good man who had suffered at the hands of the world. I sympathized deeply with those
who wanted to believe that there was a God somewhere out there who loved us
unconditionally. In fact, I envied such people the security that those beliefs no doubt
provided. But as a scientist, I simply knew better than to believe them myself.
What it means to be a “faithful Christian” without “actual belief” is not spelled out, but few
nonbelievers will be surprised that our hero’s scientific skepticism proves no match for his
religious conditioning. Most of us have been around this block often enough to know that many
“former atheists,” like Francis Collins, spent so long on the brink of faith and yearned for its
emotional consolations with such vampiric intensity that the slightest breeze would send them
hurtling into the abyss. For Collins, you may recall, all it took to establish the divinity of Jesus
and the coming resurrection of the dead was the sight of a frozen waterfall. As we will see,
Alexander seems to have required a ride on a psychedelic butterfly. In either case, it’s not the
perception of beauty we should begrudge but the utter absence of intellectual seriousness with
which the author interprets it.
Everything in Alexander’s account rests on his repeated and unwarranted assertion that his
visions of heaven occurred while his cerebral cortex was “shut down,” “inactivated,”

“completely shut down,” “totally offline,” and “stunned to complete inactivity.” He claims that
the cessation of cortical activity was “clear from the severity and duration of my meningitis,
and from the global cortical involvement documented by CT scans and neurological
examinations.” To his editors, this presumably sounded like science.
Unfortunately, the evidence Alexander offers—in the article, in a subsequent response to my
public criticism of it, in his book, and in multiple interviews—suggests that he doesn’t
understand what would constitute compelling evidence for his central claim of cortical
inactivity. The proof he offers is either fallacious (CT scans do not measure brain activity) or
irrelevant (it does not matter, even slightly, that his form of meningitis was “astronomically
rare”)—and no combination of fallacy and irrelevancy adds up to sound science. Alexander
makes no reference to functional data that might have been acquired by fMRI, PET, or EEG—
nor does he seem to realize that this is the sort of evidence necessary to support his case. The
impediment to taking Alexander’s claims seriously can be simply stated: There is no reason to
believe that his cerebral cortex was inactive at the time he had his experience of the
afterlife. The fact that Alexander thinks he has demonstrated otherwise—by continually
emphasizing how sick he was, the infrequency of cases of E. coli meningitis, and the ugliness of
his initial CT scan—suggests a deliberate disregard of the most plausible interpretation of his
experience.
Apparently, Alexander’s cortex is functioning now—he has, after all, written a book—so
whatever structural damage appeared on CT could not have been “global.” Otherwise he would
be making the quite crazy claim that his entire cortex was destroyed and then grew back. Coma
is not associated with the complete cessation of cortical activity in any case. In fact,
neuroimaging studies show that comatose patients (like patients under general anesthesia) have
50 to 70 percent of the normal level of cortical activity. 17 And to my knowledge, almost no one
thinks that consciousness is purely a matter of what happens in the cortex.
Why doesn’t Alexander know these things? He is, after all, a neurosurgeon who now claims
to be upending the scientific worldview on the basis of the fact that his cortex was totally
quiescent at the precise moment he was enjoying the best day of his life in the company of
angels. Even if his entire cortex did truly shut down (again, an incredible claim), how can he
know that his visions didn’t occur in the minutes and hours after its functions returned? The very
fact that Alexander remembers his NDE suggests that the cortical and subcortical structures
necessary for memory formation were active at the time. How else could he recall the
experience?
Not only does Alexander appear ignorant of the relevant science, he doesn’t realize how
many people have experienced visions similar to his while under the influence of psychedelics
such as DMT or anesthetics such as ketamine. In fact, he has said that any suggestion of
similarity between the effect of such compounds on the brain and his experience is “not even in
the right ballpark.” But here is Alexander’s description of the afterlife (as told in an interview):
I was a speck on a beautiful butterfly wing; millions of other butterflies around us. We
were flying through blooming flowers, blossoms on trees, and they were all coming out as
we flew through them. . . . [There were] waterfalls, pools of water, indescribable colors,

and above there were these arcs of silver and gold light and beautiful hymns coming
down from them. Indescribably gorgeous hymns. I later came to call them “angels,” those
arcs of light in the sky. I think that word is probably fairly accurate. . . .
Then we went out of this universe. I remember just seeing everything receding and
initially I felt as if my awareness was in an infinite black void. It was very comforting but
I could feel the extent of the infinity and that it was, as you would expect, impossible to
put into words. I was there with that Divine presence that was not anything that I could
visibly see and describe, and with a brilliant orb of light. . . .
They said there were many things that they would show me, and they continued to do
that. In fact, the whole higher-dimensional multiverse was this incredibly complex
corrugated ball and all these lessons [were] coming into me about it. Part of the lessons
involved becoming all of what I was being shown. It was indescribable.18
“Not even in the right ballpark”? His experience sounds so much like a DMT trip that we are
not only in the right ballpark, we are talking about the stitching on the same ball. Everything
that Alexander describes about his experience, including the parts I have left out, has been
reported by DMT users. The similarity is uncanny. Here is how Terence McKenna described
the prototypical DMT trance:
Under the influence of DMT, the world becomes an Arabian labyrinth, a palace, a more
than possible Martian jewel, vast with motifs that flood the gaping mind with complex
and wordless awe. Color and the sense of a reality-unlocking secret nearby pervade the
experience. There is a sense of other times, and of one’s own infancy, and of wonder,
wonder and more wonder. It is an audience with the alien nuncio. In the midst of this
experience, apparently at the end of human history, guarding gates that seem surely to
open on the howling maelstrom of the unspeakable emptiness between the stars, is the
Aeon.
The Aeon, as Heraclitus presciently observed, is a child at play with colored balls.
Many diminutive beings are present there—the tykes, the self-transforming machine elves
of hyperspace. Are they the children destined to be father to the man? One has the
impression of entering into an ecology of souls that lies beyond the portals of what we
naïvely call death. I do not know. Are they the synesthetic embodiment of ourselves as the
Other, or of the Other as ourselves? Are they the elves lost to us since the fading of the
magic light of childhood? Here is a tremendum barely to be told, an epiphany beyond our
wildest dreams. Here is the realm of that which is stranger than we can suppose. Here is
the mystery, alive, unscathed, still as new for us as when our ancestors lived it fifteen
thousand summers ago. The tryptamine entities offer the gift of new language, they sing in
pearly voices that rain down as colored petals and flow through the air like hot metal to
become toys and such gifts as gods would give their children. The sense of emotional
connection is terrifying and intense. The Mysteries revealed are real and if ever fully told
will leave no stone upon another in the small world we have gone so ill in.

This is not the mercurial world of the UFO, to be invoked from lonely hilltops; this is
not the siren song of lost Atlantis wailing through the trailer courts of crack-crazed
America. DMT is not one of our irrational illusions. I believe that what we experience in
the presence of DMT is real news. It is a nearby dimension—frightening, transformative,
and beyond our powers to imagine, and yet to be explored in the usual way. We must send
fearless experts, whatever that may come to mean, to explore and to report on what they
find.19
Alexander believes that his brain could not have produced his visions because they were too
“intense,” too “hyper-real,” too “beautiful,” too “interactive,” and too drenched in significance
for a brain to conjure. He also thinks that his visions could not have arisen in the minutes or
hours during which his cortex (which surely never went off) switched back on. But he has
simply ignored what people with working brains experience under the influence of
psychedelics. And he does not appear to know that visions of the sort that McKenna describes,
although they may seem to last for ages, require only a brief span of biological time. Unlike
LSD and other long-acting psychedelics, DMT alters consciousness for only a few minutes.
Alexander would have had more than enough time to experience a visionary ecstasy as he was
coming out of his coma (whether or not his cortex was rebooting).
Alexander knows that DMT already exists in the brain as a neurotransmitter. Did his brain
experience a surge of DMT release during his coma? In his book, he discounts this possibility
by reiterating the unfounded claim upon which his entire account rests: DMT would require a
functioning cortex upon which to act, whereas his cortex “wasn’t available to be affected.”
Similar experiences can be had with ketamine, a surgical anesthetic that is occasionally used to
protect a traumatized brain. Did Alexander by any chance receive ketamine while in the
hospital? Did he have some other anesthetic that might produce a similar spectrum of effects at
low doses? Would he even think it relevant if he had? His assertion that a psychedelic like
DMT or an anesthetic like ketamine could not “explain the kind of clarity, the rich interactivity,
the layer upon layer of understanding” he experienced is perhaps the most amazing thing he has
said since returning from heaven. Such compounds are universally understood to do the job.
And most scientists believe that the reliable effects of psychedelics indicate that the brain is at
the very least involved in the production of visionary states of the sort Alexander is talking
about.
The knowledge of the afterlife that Alexander claims to possess also depends upon some
extraordinarily dubious methods of verification. While in his coma, he saw a beautiful girl
riding beside him on the wing of a butterfly. We learn in his book that he developed his
recollection of this experience over a period of months—writing, thinking about it, and mining
it for new details. It would be hard to imagine a better way to engineer a distortion of memory.
Alexander also tells us that he had a biological sister he never met, who died some years
before his coma. Seeing her picture for the first time after his recovery, he judged this woman to
be the girl who had joined him for the butterfly ride. He sought further confirmation of this by
speaking with his biological family, from whom he learned that his dead sister had, indeed,
always been “very loving.” QED.

As I’ve said throughout this book, I have spent much of my life studying and seeking
experiences of the kind Alexander describes. I haven’t contracted meningitis, thankfully, nor
have I had an NDE, but I have experienced many phenomena that often lead people to believe in
the supernatural. For instance, I once had an opportunity to study with the great Tibetan lama
Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche in Nepal. Before making the trip, I had a dream in which he seemed
to give me teachings about the nature of the mind. The dream struck me as interesting for two
reasons: The teachings I received were novel, useful, and convergent with what I later
understood to be true, and I had never met Khyentse Rinpoche, nor was I aware of having seen
a photograph of him. (This preceded my access to the Internet by at least five years, so the
belief that I had never seen his picture was more plausible than it would be now.) I also recall
that I had no easy way of finding a picture of him for the sake of comparison. But because I was
about to meet the man himself, it seemed that I would be able to confirm whether he had really
been in my dream.
First, the teachings: The lama in my dream began by asking who I was. I responded by
telling him my name. Apparently, this wasn’t the answer he was looking for.
“Who are you?” he said again. He was now staring fixedly into my eyes and pointing at my
face with an outstretched finger. I did not know what to say.
“Who are you?” he said again, continuing to point.
“Who are you?” he said a final time, but here he suddenly shifted his gaze and pointing
finger, as though he were now addressing someone just to my left. The effect was quite startling,
because I knew (insofar as one can be said to know anything in a dream) that we were alone.
The lama was pointing to someone who wasn’t there, and I suddenly noticed what I would later
understand to be an important truth about the nature of the mind: Subjectively speaking, there is
only consciousness and its contents; there is no inner self who is conscious. The sense of
looking over one’s own shoulder, as it were, is an illusion. The lama in my dream seemed to
dissect this very feeling of being a self and, for a brief moment, removed it from my mind. I
awoke convinced that I had glimpsed something quite profound.
After traveling to Nepal and encountering the arresting figure of Khyentse Rinpoche
instructing hundreds of monks from atop a brocade throne, I was struck by the sense that he
really did resemble the man in my dream. Even more apparent, however, was the fact that I
couldn’t know whether this impression was veridical. No doubt, it would have been more fun
to believe that something magical had occurred and that I had been singled out for some sort of
transpersonal initiation—but the allure of this belief suggested only that the bar for proof should
be raised rather than lowered. And even though I had no formal scientific training at that point, I
knew that human memory is unreliable under conditions of this kind. How much stock could I
put in the feeling of familiarity? Was I accurately recalling the face of a man I had met in a
dream, or was I engaged in a creative reconstruction of it? If nothing else, the experience of
déjà vu proves that one’s sense of having experienced something previously can jump the tracks
of genuine recollection. My travels in spiritual circles had also brought me into contact with
many people who seemed all too eager to deceive themselves about experiences of this kind,
and I did not wish to emulate them. Given these considerations, I did not believe that Khyentse
Rinpoche had really appeared in my dream. And I certainly would never have been tempted to

use this experience as conclusive proof of the supernatural.
I invite the reader to compare this attitude to the one that Dr. Eben Alexander will most
likely exhibit before crowds of credulous people for the rest of his life. The structure of our
experiences was similar: We were each given an opportunity to compare a face remembered
from a dream/vision with a person (or photo) in the physical world. I realized that the task was
hopeless. Alexander believes that he has made the greatest discovery in the history of science.
Again, nothing can be said against Alexander’s experience. And such ecstasies do tell us
something about how good a human mind can feel. The problem is that the conclusions
Alexander has drawn from his experience—as a scientist, he continually reminds us—are
based on flagrant errors in reasoning and misunderstandings of the relevant science.
The enthusiastic reception Alexander has enjoyed also suggests a general confusion about
the nature of scientific authority. Much of the criticism I have received for dismissing his
account focuses on what appear to be his impeccable scientific credentials. However, when
debating the validity of evidence and arguments, the point is never that one person’s credentials
trump another’s. Credentials merely offer a rough indication of what a person is likely to know
—or should know. If Alexander were drawing reasonable scientific conclusions from his
experience, he wouldn’t need to be a neuroscientist to be taken seriously; he could be a
philosopher—or a coal miner. But he simply isn’t thinking like a scientist, and so not even a
string of Nobel Prizes would shield him from criticism.20
Such is the perennial problem with reports of this kind. Some people are so desperate to
interpret the NDE as proof of an afterlife that even those whom one would expect to have a
strong commitment to scientific reasoning toss their better judgment out the window. The truth is
that, whatever happens after death, it is possible to justify a life of spiritual practice and selftranscendence without pretending to know things we do not know.
THE SPIRITUAL USES OF PHARMACOLOGY

Everything we do is for the purpose of altering consciousness. We form friendships so that we
can feel love and avoid loneliness. We eat specific foods to enjoy their fleeting presence on our
tongues. We read for the pleasure of thinking another person’s thoughts. Every waking moment
—and even in our dreams—we struggle to direct the flow of sensation, emotion, and cognition
toward states of consciousness that we value.
Drugs are another means toward this end. Some are illegal; some are stigmatized; some are
dangerous—though, perversely, these categories only partially intersect. Some drugs of
extraordinary power and utility, such as psilocybin (the active compound in “magic
mushrooms”) and lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), pose no apparent risk of addiction and are
physically well tolerated, and yet one can be sent to prison for their use—whereas drugs such
as tobacco and alcohol, which have ruined countless lives, are enjoyed ad libitum in almost
every society on earth. There are other points on this continuum: MDMA, or Ecstasy, has
remarkable therapeutic potential, but it is also susceptible to abuse, and some evidence suggests
that it can be neurotoxic.21
One of the great responsibilities we have as a society is to educate ourselves, along with the
next generation, about which substances are worth ingesting and for what purpose and which

are not. The problem, however, is that we refer to all these biologically active materials by a
single term, drugs, making it nearly impossible to have an intelligent discussion about the
psychological, medical, ethical, and legal issues surrounding their use. The poverty of our
language has been only slightly eased by the introduction of the term psychedelics to
differentiate certain visionary compounds, which can produce extraordinary insights, from
narcotics and other classic agents of stupefaction and abuse.
However, we should not be too quick to feel nostalgia for the counterculture of the 1960s.
Yes, crucial breakthroughs were made, socially and psychologically, and drugs were central to
the process, but one need only read accounts of the time, such as Joan Didion’s Slouching
Towards Bethlehem, to see the problem with a society bent upon rapture at any cost. For every
insight of lasting value produced by drugs, there was an army of zombies with flowers in their
hair shuffling toward failure and regret. Turning on, tuning in, and dropping out is wise, or even
benign, only if you can then drop into a mode of life that makes ethical and material sense and
doesn’t leave your children wandering in traffic.
Drug abuse and addiction are very real problems, the remedy for which is education and
medical treatment, not incarceration. In fact, the most abused drugs in the United States now
appear to be oxycodone and other prescription painkillers. Should these medicines be made
illegal? Of course not. But people need to be informed about their hazards, and addicts need
treatment. And all drugs—including alcohol, cigarettes, and aspirin—must be kept out of the
hands of children.
I discuss issues of drug policy in some detail in my first book, The End of Faith, and my
thinking on the subject has not changed. The “war on drugs” has been lost and should never
have been waged. I can think of no right more fundamental than the right to peacefully steward
the contents of one’s own consciousness. The fact that we pointlessly ruin the lives of
nonviolent drug users by incarcerating them, at enormous expense, constitutes one of the great
moral failures of our time. (And the fact that we make room for them in our prisons by paroling
murderers, rapists, and child molesters makes one wonder whether civilization isn’t simply
doomed.)
I have two daughters who will one day take drugs. Of course, I will do everything in my
power to see that they choose their drugs wisely, but a life lived entirely without drugs is
neither foreseeable nor, I think, desirable. I hope they someday enjoy a morning cup of tea or
coffee as much as I do. If they drink alcohol as adults, as they probably will, I will encourage
them to do it safely. If they choose to smoke marijuana, I will urge moderation. Tobacco should
be shunned, and I will do everything within the bounds of decent parenting to steer them away
from it. Needless to say, if I knew that either of my daughters would eventually develop a
fondness for methamphetamine or heroin, I might never sleep again. But if they don’t try a
psychedelic like psilocybin or LSD at least once in their adult lives, I will wonder whether they
had missed one of the most important rites of passage a human being can experience.
This is not to say that everyone should take psychedelics. As I will make clear below, these
drugs pose certain dangers. Undoubtedly, some people cannot afford to give the anchor of sanity
even the slightest tug. It has been many years since I took psychedelics myself, and my
abstinence is born of a healthy respect for the risks involved. However, there was a period in

my early twenties when I found psilocybin and LSD to be indispensable tools, and some of the
most important hours of my life were spent under their influence. Without them, I might never
have discovered that there was an inner landscape of mind worth exploring.
There is no getting around the role of luck here. If you are lucky, and you take the right drug,
you will know what it is to be enlightened (or to be close enough to persuade you that
enlightenment is possible). If you are unlucky, you will know what it is to be clinically insane.
While I do not recommend the latter experience, it does increase one’s respect for the tenuous
condition of sanity, as well as one’s compassion for people who suffer from mental illness.
Human beings have ingested plant-based psychedelics for millennia, but scientific research on
these compounds did not begin until the 1950s. By 1965, a thousand studies had been published,
primarily on psilocybin and LSD, many of which attested to the usefulness of psychedelics in
the treatment of clinical depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, alcohol addiction, and the
pain and anxiety associated with terminal cancer. Within a few years, however, this entire field
of research was abolished in an effort to stem the spread of these drugs among the public. After
a hiatus that lasted an entire generation, scientific research on the pharmacology and therapeutic
value of psychedelics has quietly resumed.
Psychedelics such as psilocybin, LSD, DMT, and mescaline all powerfully alter cognition,
perception, and mood. Most seem to exert their influence through the serotonin system in the
brain, primarily by binding to 5-HT2A receptors (though several have affinity for other
receptors as well), leading to increased activity in the prefrontal cortex (PFC). Although the
PFC in turn modulates subcortical dopamine production—and certain of these compounds, such
as LSD, bind directly to dopamine receptors—the effect of psychedelics appears to take place
largely outside dopamine pathways, which could explain why these drugs are not habit-forming.
The efficacy of psychedelics might seem to establish the material basis of mental and
spiritual life beyond any doubt, for the introduction of these substances into the brain is the
obvious cause of any numinous apocalypse that follows. It is possible, however, if not actually
plausible, to seize this evidence from the other end and argue, as Aldous Huxley did in his
classic The Doors of Perception, that the primary function of the brain may be eliminative: Its
purpose may be to prevent a transpersonal dimension of mind from flooding consciousness,
thereby allowing apes like ourselves to make their way in the world without being dazzled at
every step by visionary phenomena that are irrelevant to their physical survival. Huxley thought
of the brain as a kind of “reducing valve” for “Mind at Large.” In fact, the idea that the brain is
a filter rather than the origin of mind goes back at least as far as Henri Bergson and William
James. In Huxley’s view, this would explain the efficacy of psychedelics: They may simply be
a material means of opening the tap.
Huxley was operating under the assumption that psychedelics decrease brain activity. Some
recent data have lent support to this view; for instance, a neuroimaging study of psilocybin22
suggests that the drug primarily reduces activity in the anterior cingulate cortex, a region
involved in a wide variety of tasks related to self-monitoring. However, other studies have
found that psychedelics increase activity throughout the brain. Whatever the case, the action of

these drugs does not rule out dualism, or the existence of realms of mind beyond the brain—but
then, nothing does. That is one of the problems with views of this kind: They appear to be
unfalsifiable. Physicalism, by contrast, could easily be falsified. If science ever established the
existence of ghosts or reincarnation or any other phenomenon that placed the human mind (in
whole or in part) outside the brain, physicalism would be dead. The fact that dualists can never
say what might count as evidence against their views makes this ancient philosophical position
very difficult to distinguish from religious faith.
We have reason to be skeptical of the brain-as-barrier thesis. If the brain were merely a
filter on the mind, damaging it should increase cognition. In fact, strategically damaging the
brain should be the most reliable method of spiritual practice available to anyone. In almost
every case, loss of brain should yield more mind. But that is not how the mind works.
Some people try to get around this by suggesting that the brain may function more like a
radio, a receiver of conscious states rather than a barrier to them. At first glance, this would
appear to account for the deleterious effects of neurological injury and disease, for if one
smashes a radio with a hammer, it will no longer function properly. There is a problem with
this metaphor, however. Those who employ it invariably forget that we are the music, not the
radio. If the brain were nothing more than a receiver of conscious states, it should be
impossible to diminish a person’s experience of the cosmos by damaging her brain. She might
seem unconscious from the outside—like a broken radio—but, subjectively speaking, the music
would play on.
Specific reductions in brain activity might benefit people in certain ways, unmasking
memories or abilities that are being actively inhibited by the regions in question. But there is no
reason to think that the pervasive destruction of the central nervous system would leave the
mind unaffected (much less improved). Medications that reduce anxiety generally work by
increasing the effect of the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA, thereby diminishing neuronal
activity in various parts of the brain. But the fact that dampening arousal in this way can make
people feel better does not suggest that they would feel better still if they were drugged into a
coma. Similarly, it would be unsurprising if psilocybin reduced brain activity in areas
responsible for self-monitoring, because that might, in part, account for the experiences that are
often associated with the drug. This does not give us any reason to believe that turning off the
brain entirely would yield an increased awareness of spiritual realities.
However, the brain does exclude an extraordinary amount of information from
consciousness. And, like many who have taken psychedelics, I can attest that these compounds
throw open the gates. Positing the existence of a Mind at Large is more tempting in some states
of consciousness than in others. But these drugs can also produce mental states that are best
viewed as forms of psychosis. As a general matter, I believe we should be very slow to draw
conclusions about the nature of the cosmos on the basis of inner experiences—no matter how
profound they may seem.
One thing is certain: The mind is vaster and more fluid than our ordinary, waking
consciousness suggests. And it is simply impossible to communicate the profundity (or seeming
profundity) of psychedelic states to those who have never experienced them. Indeed, it is even
difficult to remind oneself of the power of these states once they have passed.

Many people wonder about the difference between meditation (and other contemplative
practices) and psychedelics. Are these drugs a form of cheating, or are they the only means of
authentic awakening? They are neither. All psychoactive drugs modulate the existing
neurochemistry of the brain—either by mimicking specific neurotransmitters or by causing the
neurotransmitters themselves to be more or less active. Everything that one can experience on a
drug is, at some level, an expression of the brain’s potential. Hence, whatever one has seen or
felt after ingesting LSD is likely to have been seen or felt by someone, somewhere, without it.
However, it cannot be denied that psychedelics are a uniquely potent means of altering
consciousness. Teach a person to meditate, pray, chant, or do yoga, and there is no guarantee
that anything will happen. Depending upon his aptitude or interest, the only reward for his
efforts may be boredom and a sore back. If, however, a person ingests 100 micrograms of LSD,
what happens next will depend on a variety of factors, but there is no question that something
will happen. And boredom is simply not in the cards. Within the hour, the significance of his
existence will bear down upon him like an avalanche. As the late Terence McKenna never tired
of pointing out, this guarantee of profound effect, for better or worse, is what separates
psychedelics from every other method of spiritual inquiry.23
Ingesting a powerful dose of a psychedelic drug is like strapping oneself to a rocket without
a guidance system. One might wind up somewhere worth going, and, depending on the
compound and one’s “set and setting,” certain trajectories are more likely than others. But
however methodically one prepares for the voyage, one can still be hurled into states of mind
so painful and confusing as to be indistinguishable from psychosis. Hence the terms
psychotomimetic and psychotogenicI are occasionally applied to these drugs.24
I have visited both extremes on the psychedelic continuum. The positive experiences were
more sublime than I could ever have imagined or than I can now faithfully recall. These
chemicals disclose layers of beauty that art is powerless to capture and for which the beauty of
nature itself is a mere simulacrum. It is one thing to be awestruck by the sight of a giant
redwood and amazed at the details of its history and underlying biology. It is quite another to
spend an apparent eternity in egoless communion with it. Positive psychedelic experiences
often reveal how wondrously at ease in the universe a human being can be—and for most of us,
normal waking consciousness does not offer so much as a glimmer of those deeper
possibilities.
People generally come away from such experiences with a sense that conventional states of
consciousness obscure and truncate sacred insights and emotions. If the patriarchs and
matriarchs of the world’s religions experienced such states of mind, many of their claims about
the nature of reality would make subjective sense. A beatific vision does not tell you anything
about the birth of the cosmos, but it does reveal how utterly transfigured a mind can be by a full
collision with the present moment.
However, as the peaks are high, the valleys are deep. My “bad trips” were, without
question, the most harrowing hours I have ever endured, and they make the notion of hell—as a
metaphor if not an actual destination—seem perfectly apt. If nothing else, these excruciating
experiences can become a source of compassion. I think it may be impossible to imagine what it
is like to suffer from mental illness without having briefly touched its shores.

At both ends of the continuum, time dilates in ways that cannot be described—apart from
merely observing that these experiences can seem eternal. I have spent hours, both good and
bad, in which any understanding that I had ingested a drug was lost, and all memories of my
past along with it. Immersion in the present moment to this degree is synonymous with the
feeling that one has always been and will always be in precisely this condition. Depending on
the character of one’s experience at that point, notions of salvation or damnation may well
apply. Blake’s line about beholding “Eternity in an hour” neither promises nor threatens too
much.
In the beginning, my experiences with psilocybin and LSD were so positive that I did not see
how a bad trip could be possible. Notions of “set and setting,” admittedly vague, seemed
sufficient to account for my good luck. My mental set was exactly as it needed to be—I was a
spiritually serious investigator of my own mind—and my setting was generally one of either
natural beauty or secure solitude.
I cannot account for why my adventures with psychedelics were uniformly pleasant until they
weren’t, but once the doors to hell opened, they appeared to have been left permanently ajar.
Thereafter, whether or not a trip was good in the aggregate, it generally entailed some
excruciating detour on the path to sublimity. Have you ever traveled, beyond all mere
metaphors, to the Mountain of Shame and stayed for a thousand years? I do not recommend it.
On my first trip to Nepal, I took a rowboat out on Phewa Lake in Pokhara, which offers a
stunning view of the Annapurna range. It was early morning, and I was alone. As the sun rose
over the water, I ingested 400 micrograms of LSD. I was twenty years old and had taken the
drug at least ten times previously. What could go wrong?
Everything, as it turns out. Well, not everything—I didn’t drown. I have a vague memory of
drifting ashore and being surrounded by a group of Nepali soldiers. After watching me for a
while, as I ogled them over the gunwale like a lunatic, they seemed on the verge of deciding
what to do with me. Some polite words of Esperanto and a few mad oar strokes, and I was
offshore and into oblivion. I suppose that could have ended differently.
But soon there was no lake or mountains or boat—and if I had fallen into the water, I am
pretty sure there would have been no one to swim. For the next several hours my mind became a
perfect instrument of self-torture. All that remained was a continuous shattering and terror for
which I have no words.
An encounter like that takes something out of you. Even if LSD and similar drugs are
biologically safe, they have the potential to produce extremely unpleasant and destabilizing
experiences. I believe I was positively affected by my good trips, and negatively affected by the
bad ones, for weeks and months.
Meditation can open the mind to a similar range of conscious states, but far less haphazardly.
If LSD is like being strapped to a rocket, learning to meditate is like gently raising a sail. Yes,
it is possible, even with guidance, to wind up someplace terrifying, and some people probably
shouldn’t spend long periods in intensive practice. But the general effect of meditation training
is of settling ever more fully into one’s own skin and suffering less there.

As I discussed in The End of Faith, I view most psychedelic experiences as potentially
misleading. Psychedelics do not guarantee wisdom or a clear recognition of the selfless nature
of consciousness. They merely guarantee that the contents of consciousness will change. Such
visionary experiences, considered in their totality, appear to me to be ethically neutral.
Therefore, it seems that psychedelic ecstasies must be steered toward our personal and
collective well-being by some other principle. As Daniel Pinchbeck pointed out in his highly
entertaining book Breaking Open the Head, the fact that both the Mayans and the Aztecs used
psychedelics, while being enthusiastic practitioners of human sacrifice, makes any idealistic
connection between plant-based shamanism and an enlightened society seem terribly naïve.
The form of transcendence that appears to link directly to ethical behavior and human wellbeing is that which occurs in the midst of ordinary waking life. It is by ceasing to cling to the
contents of consciousness—to our thoughts, moods, and desires—that we make progress. This
project does not in principle require that we experience more content. The freedom from self
that is both the goal and the foundation of spiritual life is coincident with normal perception and
cognition—though, as I have already said, this can be difficult to realize.25
The power of psychedelics, however, is that they often reveal, in the span of a few hours,
depths of awe and understanding that can otherwise elude us for a lifetime. William James said
it about as well as anyone:26
One conclusion was forced upon my mind at that time, and my impression of its truth has
ever since remained unshaken. It is that our normal waking consciousness, rational
consciousness as we call it, is but one special type of consciousness, whilst all about it,
parted from it by the filmiest of screens, there lie potential forms of consciousness
entirely different. We may go through life without suspecting their existence; but apply the
requisite stimulus, and at a touch they are there in all their completeness, definite types of
mentality which probably somewhere have their field of application and adaptation. No
account of the universe in its totality can be final which leaves these other forms of
consciousness quite disregarded. How to regard them is the question—for they are so
discontinuous with ordinary consciousness. Yet they may determine attitudes though they
cannot furnish formulas, and open a region though they fail to give a map. At any rate, they
forbid a premature closing of our accounts with reality.27
I believe that psychedelics may be indispensable for some people—especially those who,
like me, initially need convincing that profound changes in consciousness are possible. After
that, it seems wise to find ways of practicing that do not present the same risks. Happily, such
methods are widely available.
This chapter has taken us along the edge of a precipice. There is no question that novel and
intense experiences—whether had in the company of a guru, on the threshold of death, or by
recourse to certain drugs—can send one spinning into delusion. But they can also broaden one’s
view.

The aims of spirituality are not exactly those of science, but neither are they unscientific.
Search your mind, or pay attention to the conversations you have with other people, and you
will discover that there are no real boundaries between science and any other discipline that
attempts to make valid claims about the world on the basis of evidence and logic. When such
claims and their methods of verification admit of experiment and/or mathematical description,
we tend to say that our concerns are “scientific”; when they relate to matters more abstract, or
to the consistency of our thinking itself, we often say that we are being “philosophical”; when
we merely want to know how people behaved in the past, we dub our interests “historical” or
“journalistic”; and when a person’s commitment to evidence and logic grows dangerously thin
or simply snaps under the burden of fear, wishful thinking, tribalism, or ecstasy, we recognize
that he is being “religious.”
The boundaries between true intellectual disciplines are currently enforced by little more
than university budgets and architecture. Is the Shroud of Turin a medieval forgery? This is a
question of history, of course, and of archaeology, but the techniques of radiocarbon dating
make it a question of chemistry and physics as well. The real distinction we should care about
—the observation of which is the sine qua non of the scientific attitude—is between demanding
good reasons for what one believes and being satisfied with bad ones. Spirituality requires the
same commitment to intellectual honesty.
Once one recognizes the selflessness of consciousness, the practice of meditation becomes
just a means of getting more familiar with it. The goal, thereafter, is to cease to overlook what
is already the case. Paradoxically, this still requires discipline, and setting aside time for
meditation is indispensable. But the true discipline is to remain committed, throughout the
whole of one’s life, to waking up from the dream of the self. We need not take anything on faith
to do this. In fact, the only alternative is to remain confused about the nature of our minds.
Consciousness is the basis of both the examined and the unexamined life. It is all that can be
seen and that which does the seeing. No matter how far you have traveled from the place of
your birth, and however much you now understand about the world, you have been exploring
consciousness and its changes. Why not do so directly?

I. These terms refer to substances that seem to mimic or cause the symptoms of psychosis.

Conclusion

Sometime around her

third birthday, my daughter asked, “Where does gravity come from?”
After talking about how objects attract each other—and wisely ignoring the curvature of spacetime—my wife and I arrived at our deepest and most honest answer: “We don’t know. Gravity
is a mystery. People are still trying to figure it out.”
This type of answer continues to divide humanity. We could have said, as billions of people
would have, “Gravity comes from God.” But this would have merely stifled our daughter’s
intelligence—and taught her to stifle it. We could have told her, “Gravity might be God’s way
of dragging people to hell, where they burn in fire. And you will burn there forever if you doubt
that God exists.” No Christian or Muslim can offer a compelling reason why we shouldn’t have
said such a thing—or the moral equivalent—and yet that would have been nothing less than the
emotional and intellectual abuse of a child. I have now heard from many thousands of people
who were oppressed in this way, from the moment they could speak, by the terrifying ignorance
and fanaticism of their parents. The reason for this widespread mistreatment of children is
clear: Most people still believe that religion provides something essential that cannot be had
any other way.
Twelve years have now passed since I first realized how high the stakes are in this war of
ideas. I remember feeling the jolt of history when the second plane crashed into the World
Trade Center. For many of us, that was the moment we understood that things can go terribly
wrong in our world—not because life is unfair or moral progress impossible but because we
have failed, generation after generation, to abolish the delusions and animosities of our ignorant
ancestors. The worst ideas continue to thrive—and are still imparted, in their purest form, to
children.
What is the meaning of life? What is our purpose on earth? These are some of the great,
false questions of religion. We need not answer them, for they are badly posed, but we can live
our answers all the same. At a minimum, we can create the conditions for human flourishing in
this life—the only life of which any of us can be certain. That means we should not terrify our
children with thoughts of hell or poison them with hatred for infidels. We should not teach our
sons to consider women their future property or convince our daughters that they are property
even now. And we must decline to tell our children that human history began with bloody magic
and will end with bloody magic in a glorious war between the righteous and the rest.
Such sins against reason and compassion do not represent the totality of religion, but they lie
at its core. As for the rest—charity, community, ritual, and the contemplative life—we need not
take anything on faith to embrace those goods. It is one of the most damaging lies of religion—
whether liberal, moderate, or extreme—to insist that we must.
Spirituality remains the great hole in secularism, humanism, rationalism, atheism, and all the
other defensive postures that reasonable men and women strike in the presence of unreasonable

faith. People on both sides of this divide imagine that visionary experience has no place within
the context of science—apart from the corridors of a mental hospital. Until we can talk about
spirituality in rational terms—acknowledging the validity of self-transcendence—our world
will remain shattered by dogmatism. This book has been my attempt to begin such a
conversation.
There is experience, and then there are the stories we tell about it. At its best, religion is a set
of stories that recount the ethical and contemplative insights of our wisest ancestors. But these
stories come to us bundled with ancient confusion and perennial lies. And they invariably
harden into doctrines that defy revision, generation after generation. The great pressure of
accumulating knowledge—in science, medicine, history—has begun to scour our culture of
many of these ideas. With the force of a glacier, perhaps, but at a similar pace. The exponential
increase in the power of technology brings with it a commensurate increase in the consequences
of human ignorance. We do not have centuries to wait for our neighbors to come to their senses.
Religious stories may bring meaning to people’s lives, but some meanings are patently false
and divisive. What does a spiritual experience mean? If you are a Christian sitting in church, it
might mean that Jesus Christ survived his death and has taken a personal interest in the fate of
your soul. If you are a Hindu praying to Shiva, you will have a very different story to tell.
Altered states of consciousness are empirical facts, and human beings experience them under a
wide range of conditions. To understand this, and to seek to live a spiritual life without
deluding ourselves, we must view these experiences in universal and secular terms.
Happiness and suffering, however extreme, are mental events. The mind depends upon the
body, and the body upon the world, but everything good or bad that happens in your life must
appear in consciousness to matter. This fact offers ample opportunity to make the best of bad
situations—changing your perception of the world is often as good as changing the world—but
it also allows a person to be miserable even when all the material and social conditions for
happiness have been met. During the normal course of events, your mind will determine the
quality of your life.
Of course, the mind is as contingent as the body—and the limits of the body are obvious: I
am precisely as tall as I am, and not an inch taller. I can jump as high as I can, and no higher. I
can’t see what is behind my head. My knee hurts. The boundaries of my mind are just as clear: I
cannot speak a word of Korean. I don’t remember what I did on this date in 2011, or the last
words I read of Dante, or even the first words I spoke to my wife this morning. Although I can
alter my mood and states of attention, I can do so only within a narrow range. If I am tired, I can
open my eyes a little wider and try to perk myself up, but I cannot completely banish the feeling
of fatigue. If I am slightly depressed, I can brighten my mood with happy thoughts. I can even
access a feeling of happiness directly by simply recalling what it is like to be happy—
deliberately putting a smile in my mind—but I cannot reproduce the greatest joy I have ever felt.
Everything about my mind and body seems to feel the weight of the past. I am just as I am.

But consciousness is different. It appears to have no form at all, because anything that would
give it form must arise within the field of consciousness. Consciousness is simply the light by
which the contours of mind and body are known. It is that which is aware of feelings such as
joy, regret, amusement, and despair. It can seem to take their shape for a time, but it is possible
to recognize that it never quite does. In fact, we can directly experience that consciousness is
never improved or harmed by what it knows. Making this discovery, again and again, is the
basis of spiritual life.
As we have seen, there is no compelling reason to believe that the mind is independent of the
brain. And yet the deflationary attitude toward consciousness taken by many scientists—
wherein reality is considered only from the outside, in third-person terms—is also
unwarranted. A middle path exists between making religion out of spiritual life and having no
spiritual life at all.
We have long known that how things seem in the world can be misleading, and this is no less
true of the mind itself. And yet many people have found that through sustained introspection,
how things seem can be brought into closer register with how they are. In one sense, the science
that underlies this claim is in its infancy—but in another, it is complete. Although we are only
beginning to understand the human mind at the level of the brain, and we know nothing about
how consciousness itself comes into being, it isn’t too soon to say that the conventional self is
an illusion. There is no place for a soul inside your head. Consciousness itself is divisible—as
we saw in the case of split-brain patients—and even in an intact brain consciousness is blind to
most of what the mind is doing. Everything we take ourselves to be at the level of our
subjectivity—our memories and emotions, our capacity for language, the very thoughts and
impulses that give rise to our behavior—depends upon distinct processes that are spread out
over the whole of the brain. Many of these can be independently interrupted or extinguished.
The sense, therefore, that we are unified subjects—the unchanging thinkers of thoughts and
experiencers of experience—is an illusion. The conventional self is a transitory appearance
among transitory appearances, and it vanishes when looked for. We need not await any data
from the lab to say that self-transcendence is possible. And we need not become masters of
meditation to realize its benefits. It is within our capacity to recognize the nature of thoughts, to
awaken from the dream of being merely ourselves and, in this way, to become better able to
contribute to the well-being of others.
Spirituality begins with a reverence for the ordinary that can lead us to insights and
experiences that are anything but ordinary. And the conventional opposition between humility
and hubris has no place here. Yes, the cosmos is vast and appears indifferent to our mortal
schemes, but every present moment of consciousness is profound. In subjective terms, each of
us is identical to the very principle that brings value to the universe. Experiencing this directly
—not merely thinking about it—is the true beginning of spiritual life.
We are always and everywhere in the presence of reality. Indeed, the human mind is the most

complex and subtle expression of reality we have thus far encountered. This should grant
profundity to the humble project of noticing what it is like to be you in the present. However
numerous your faults, something in you at this moment is pristine—and only you can recognize
it.
Open your eyes and see.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

I am especially indebted to my friends Jeff Forrester, Joseph Goldstein, Daniel Goleman, and
D.A. Wallach, who read the manuscript of Waking Up and offered helpful feedback and
encouragement. Andres Fossas provided valuable research assistance and insightful notes on
the text. And my copyeditor, Martha Spaulding, did much to improve the clarity of the writing
throughout.
Parts of Waking Up were derived from the dissertation I wrote in the Interdepartmental PhD
Program for Neuroscience at UCLA. Those sections benefited from the guidance of my thesis
committee: Mark Cohen, Marco Iacoboni, Eran Zaidel, and Jerome (“Pete”) Engel. Paul
Churchland, Daniel Dennett, Owen Flanagan, and Steven Pinker also reviewed that material at
an early stage and gave very useful comments.
I began writing Waking Up just as the publishing industry was entering a period of upheaval.
It wasn’t long, in fact, before every person I knew at Free Press disappeared in a major round
of consolidation at the parent company, Simon & Schuster. At least three people from the
previous regime deserve my thanks: Martha Levin, Dominick Anfuso, and Hilary Redmon. I
continue to profit from their initial enthusiasm for the project.
Thomas LeBien inherited Waking Up at Simon & Schuster and proved to be an outstanding
editor. It has been a true pleasure working with him at each stage of the publishing process.
I am also grateful for the continued assistance of my agents, John Brockman, Katinka Matson,
and Max Brockman.
For all my books, my mother’s notes are among the most important, but for Waking Up I owe
her a special debt: The time I spent in India and Nepal in my twenties—and in silence at
various meditation centers around the world—was made possible by her support. She also gave
me my love of books, so it is always a special pleasure to deliver her another one.
As described in the text, I was privileged to learn from some remarkable masters of
meditation: Tulku Urgyen Rinpoche, Nyoshul Khen Rinpoche, H. W. L. Poonja, and Sayadaw U
Pandita each provided a crucial piece of the puzzle. I am indebted to Joseph Goldstein and
Sharon Salzberg, too, for their years of friendship and for the many months I practiced under
their roof at the Insight Meditation Society in Barre, Massachusetts.
Finally, my greatest thanks go to Annaka, my wife and best-possible friend. Writing is among
the more isolating professions, and I am extraordinarily lucky that the woman I love is also an
editor and collaborator on all my projects. When she isn’t busy raising our girls to be
compassionate human beings—or silencing the howls of displeasure that sometimes emanate
from my office—Annaka inspires my thoughts to turn in new directions and improves them on
the page. I couldn’t do what I do without her.

© JENNIFER ROPER

SAM HARRIS is the author of the bestselling books The End of Faith, Letter to a
Christian Nation, The Moral Landscape, Free Will, and Lying. The End of Faith won the
2005 PEN Award for Nonfiction. His writing has been published in more than fifteen
languages. Dr. Harris is a cofounder and the CEO of Project Reason, a nonprofit foundation
devoted to spreading scientific knowledge and secular values in society. He received a
degree in philosophy from Stanford University and a PhD in neuroscience from UCLA.
Please visit his website at SamHarris.org.
MEET THE AUTHORS, WATCH VIDEOS, AND MORE AT

SimonandSchuster.com
authors.simonandschuster.com/Sam-Harris

ALSO BY SAM HARRIS

The End of Faith
Letter to a Christian Nation
The Moral Landscape
Free Will
Lying

We hope you enjoyed reading this Simon & Schuster
eBook.
Join our mailing list and get updates on new releases, deals, bonus content and other great books from Simon & Schuster.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP

or visit us online to sign up at
eBookNews.SimonandSchuster.com

NOTES

Chapter 1: Spirituality
1. My late friend Christopher Hitchens—no enemy of the lexicographer—didn’t share them either. Hitch believed that spiritual
was a term we could not do without. It is true that he didn’t think about spirituality in precisely the way I do. He spoke
instead of the spiritual pleasures afforded by certain works of poetry, music, and art. The symmetry and beauty of the
Parthenon embodied this happy extreme for him—without there being any need to admit the existence of the goddess
Athena, much less devote ourselves to her worship. Hitch also used the terms numinous and transcendent to mark
occasions of great beauty or significance, and for him the Hubble Deep Field was an example of both. (I’m sure he was
aware that pedantic excursions into the OED would produce etymological embarrassments regarding these words as well.)
Carl Sagan also freely used the term spiritual in this way. (See C. Sagan. 1995. The Demon-Haunted World. New York:
Random House. p. 29.)
I have no quarrel with Hitch and Sagan’s general use of spiritual to mean something like “beauty or significance that
provokes awe,” but I believe that we can also use it in a narrower and, indeed, more personally transformative sense.
2. A. Huxley. [1945] 2009. The Perennial Philosophy: An Interpretation of the Great Mystics, East and West. New York:
Harper Perennial, p. vii.
3. One can speak about Judaism without its myths and miracles—even without God—but this doesn’t make Judaism the
equivalent of Buddhism. Buddhism without the unjustified bits is essentially a first-person science. Secular Judaism isn’t.
4. A. Rawlinson. 1997. The Book of Enlightened Masters. Chicago: Open Court, p. 38.
5. For an entertaining account of Blavatsky’s career, see P. Washington. 1993. Madame Blavatsky’s Baboon . New York:
Schocken.
6. One wonders how it was possible for a charlatan like L. Ron Hubbard to acquire any following at all, because each story
about him is more preposterous and embarrassing than the last. For instance, Hubbard claimed to have withdrawn one of his
first books from publication “ ‘because the first six people who read it were so shattered by the revelations that they had lost
their minds’  ” (L. Wright. 2013. Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief . New York: Knopf).
According to Hubbard, when he delivered this “dangerous text to his publisher, ‘The reader brought the manuscript into the
room, set it on the publisher’s desk, then jumped out the window of the skyscraper.’ ”
There are many more laughs to be had at Hubbard’s expense. However, several readers who saw the original version of
this endnote found it so funny that they had to be hospitalized. Regrettably, I’ve been forced to edit the text out of concern
for the health of my readers.
7. A. Koestler. 1960. The Lotus and the Robot. New York: Harper & Row, p. 285. Koestler was also less than impressed
with the spiritual efficacy of psychedelics. See A. Koestler. 1968. “Return Trip to Nirvana.” In Drinkers of Infinity: Essays
1955–1967. London: Hutchinson, pp. 201–12.
8. C. Hitchens. 1998. “His Material Highness.” Salon.com.
9. Purists will insist on important differences among the various schools of Buddhism and between Buddhism and the tradition
of Advaita Vedanta developed by Shankara (788–820). Although I touch upon some of these distinctions, I do not make
much of them. I consider the differences to be generally a matter of emphasis, semantics, and (irrelevant) metaphysics—and
too esoteric to be of interest to the general reader.
10. The research on pathological responses to meditation is quite sparse. Traditionally, it is believed that certain stages on the
contemplative path are by nature unpleasant and that some forms of mental pain should therefore be considered signs of
progress. It seems clear, however, that meditation can also precipitate or unmask psychological illness. As with many other
endeavors, distinguishing help from harm in each instance can be difficult. As far as I know, Willoughby Britton is the first
scientist to study this problem systematically.
11. Consider the sensation of touching your finger to your nose. We experience the contact as simultaneous, but we know that it
can’t be simultaneous at the level of the brain, because it takes longer for the nerve impulse to travel to sensory cortex from
your fingertip than it does from your nose—and this is true no matter how short your arms or long your nose. Our brains
correct for this discrepancy in timing by holding these inputs in memory and then delivering the result to consciousness. Thus,
your experience of the present moment is the product of layered memories.
12. F. Zeidan et al. 2011. “Brain Mechanisms Supporting the Modulation of Pain by Mindfulness Meditation.” Pain 31: 5540–48;
B. K. Holzel et al. 2011. “How Does Mindfulness Meditation Work? Proposing Mechanisms of Action from a Conceptual
and Neural Perspective.” Perspectives on Psychological Science 6: 537–59; B. Kim et al. 2010. “Effectiveness of a
Mindfulness-Based Cognitive Therapy Program as an Adjunct to Pharmacotherapy in Patients with Panic Disorder.” J

Anxiety Disord 24(6): 590–95; K. A. Godfrin and C. van Heeringen. 2010. “The Effects of Mindfulness-Based Cognitive
Therapy on Recurrence of Depressive Episodes, Mental Health and Quality of Life: A Randomized Controlled Study.”
Behav Res Ther 48(8): 738–46; F. Zeidan, S. K. Johnson, B. J. Diamond, Z. David, and P. Goolkasian. 2010. “Mindfulness
Meditation Improves Cognition: Evidence of Brief Mental Training.” Conscious Cogn 19(2): 597–605; B. K. Hölzel et al.
2011. “Mindfulness Practice Leads to Increases in Regional Brain Gray Matter Density.” Psychiatry Res 191(1): 36–43.
13. Nanamoli, orig. trans., and Bodhi, trans. and ed. 1995. The Middle Length Discourses of the Buddha: A New Translation
of the Majjhima Nikaya. Boston: Wisdom Publications.
14. However one bounds the concept of enlightenment, there is no escaping the fact that most traditional accounts of it, Buddhist
and otherwise, attribute a variety of supernormal powers to spiritual adepts. Is there any evidence that human beings can
acquire abilities like clairvoyance and telekinesis? Apart from anecdotes offered by people who are desperate to believe in
such powers, we can say that the evidence is impressively thin. Traditionally, gurus and their devotees have sought to have it
both ways: The guru will display various siddhis (Sanskrit: “powers”) to entertain and persuade the faithful—but never in
such a way as to meet the tests of true skeptics. We are invariably told that to produce miracles on demand would be a crude
misuse of a guru’s office. The dharma (Sanskrit: “way” or “truth”), after all, is more precious and profound than worldly
powers. No doubt it is. But this doesn’t stop most gurus from taking credit, or their devotees from bestowing it, whenever
random coincidences occur.
15. M. Ricard. 2007. Happiness: A Guide to Developing Life’s Most Important Skill. New York: Little, Brown, p. 19.
Chapter 2: The Mystery of Consciousness
1. T. Nagel. 1974. “What Is It Like to Be a Bat?” Philosophical Review 83.
2. One could argue that this notion of “trading places” is fraught with confusion, but Nagel’s notion of consciousness being
identical to subjective experience isn’t.
3. It’s true that some philosophers and neuroscientists will want to pull the brakes right here. Daniel Dennett, with whom I
agree about many things, tells me that if I can’t imagine the falsehood of a statement like “Either the lights are on, or they are
not,” I’m not trying hard enough. However, on a question as rudimentary as the ontology of consciousness, the debate often
comes down to irreconcilable intuitions. While I will try my best to unpack my intuition that the above statement cannot be
false, at a certain point a person has to admit that he can’t understand what his opponents are talking about.
4. The picture does not change (much) if you are a dualist who believes that brains are conscious only because consciousness is
somehow inserted into them. There are many problems with dualism, but even a dualist should agree that consciousness
appears to be associated only with organisms of sufficient complexity. Whether or not one is a dualist, one has no compelling
reason to believe that there is something that it is like to be a tomato.
5. Saying that a creature is conscious, therefore, is not to make a claim about its behavior or its use of language, because we
can find examples of both behavior and language without consciousness (a primitive robot) and consciousness without either
(a person suffering “locked-in syndrome”). Of course, it is possible that some robots are conscious—and if consciousness is
the sort of thing that comes into being purely by virtue of information processing, then our cell phones and coffeemakers may
be conscious. But few of us imagine that there is something that it is like to be even the most advanced computer. Whatever
its relationship to information processing, consciousness is an internal reality that cannot necessarily be appreciated from the
outside and need not be associated with behavior or responsiveness to stimuli. If you doubt this, read The Diving Bell and
the Butterfly (1997), Jean Dominique-Bauby’s astonishing and heartbreaking account of his own “locked-in syndrome,”
which he dictated by signing to a nurse with his left eyelid. Then try to imagine his predicament if even this degree of motor
control had been denied him.
6. Descartes is probably the first Western philosopher to make this point, but others have continued to emphasize it, notably the
philosophers John Searle and David Chalmers. I do not agree with Descartes’s dualism or with some of what Searle and
Chalmers have said about the nature of consciousness, but I agree that its subjective reality is both primary and indisputable.
This does not rule out the possibility that consciousness is, in fact, identical to certain brain processes.
Again, I should say that some philosophers, such as Daniel Dennett and Paul Churchland, just don’t buy this. But I do not
understand why. My not seeing how consciousness can possibly be an illusion entails my not understanding how they (or
anyone else) can think that it might be one. I agree that we may be profoundly mistaken about consciousness—about how it
arises, about its connection to the brain, about precisely what we are conscious of and when. But this is not the same as
saying that consciousness itself may be illusory. The state of being completely confused about the nature of consciousness is
itself a demonstration of consciousness.
7. “The stuff of the world is mind-stuff.” A. S. Eddington. 1928. The Nature of the Physical World. Cambridge, UK:
Cambridge University Press, p. 276.
“The old dualism of mind and matter . . . seems likely to disappear . . . through substantial matter resolving itself into a

creation and manifestation of mind.” J. Jeans. 1930. The Mysterious Universe. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University
Press, p. 158.
“The only acceptable point of view appears to be the one that recognizes both sides of reality—the quantitative and the
qualitative, the physical and the psychical—as compatible with each other, and can embrace them simultaneously.” W. Pauli,
C. P. Enz, and K. v. Meyenn. [1955] 1994. Writings on Physics and Philosophy. New York: Springer-Verlag, p. 259.
“The conception of the objective reality of the elementary particles has thus evaporated not into the cloud of some obscure
new reality concept, but into the transparent clarity of a mathematics that represents no longer the behavior of the particle but
rather our knowledge of this behavior.” W. Heisenberg. 1958. “The Representation of Nature in Contemporary Physics.”
Daedalus 87 (Summer): 100.
“We simply cannot see how material events can be transformed into sensation and thought, however many textbooks . . .
go on talking nonsense on the subject.” E. Schrödinger. 1964. My View of the World , trans. C. Hastings. Cambridge, UK:
Cambridge University Press, pp. 61–62.
8. F. Dyson. 2002. “The Conscience of Physics.” Nature 420 (December 12): 607–8.
9. I am grateful to my friend, physicist Lawrence Krauss, for clarifying several of these points.
10. If we look for consciousness in the physical world, we find only complex systems giving rise to complex behavior—which
may or may not be attended by consciousness. The fact that the behavior of our fellow human beings persuades us that they
are conscious (more or less) does not get us any closer to linking consciousness to physical events. Is a starfish conscious? It
seems clear that we will not make any progress on this question by drawing analogies between starfish behavior and our
own. Only in the presence of animals sufficiently like ourselves do our intuitions about (and attributions of) consciousness
begin to crystallize. Is there something that it is like to be a cocker spaniel? Does it feel its pains and pleasures? Surely it
must. How do we know? Behavior and analogy.
Some scientists and philosophers have formed the mistaken impression that it is always more parsimonious to deny
consciousness in lower animals than to attribute it to them. I have argued elsewhere that this is not the case (S. Harris. 2004.
The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason . New York: Norton, pp. 276–77). To deny consciousness
in chimpanzees, for instance, is to assume the burden of explaining why their genetic, neuroanatomical, and behavioral
similarity to us is an insufficient basis for it. (Good luck.)
11. The idea that consciousness is identical to (or emerged from) a certain class of unconscious physical events seems impossible
to properly conceive—which is to say that we can think we are thinking it, but we are probably mistaken. We can say the
right words: ”Consciousness emerges from unconscious information processing.” We can also say “Some squares are as
round as circles” and “2 plus 2 equals 7.” But are we really thinking these things all the way through? I don’t think so.
12. J. Levine. 1983. “Materialism and Qualia: The Explanatory Gap.” Pacific Philosophical Quarterly 64.
13. D. J. Chalmers. 1996. The Conscious Mind: In Search of a Fundamental Theory. New York: Oxford University Press.
14. This maneuver has its antecedents in the “neutral monism” (so dubbed by Russell) of James and Mach. It is a view I
substantially agree with. Here is Nagel on the subject:
What will be the point of view, so to speak, of such a theory? If we could arrive at it, it would render transparent the
relation between mental and physical, not directly, but through the transparency of their common relation to something
that is not merely either of them. Neither the mental nor the physical point of view will do for this purpose. The mental
will not do because it simply leaves out the physiology, and has no room for it. The physical will not do because while it
includes the behavioral and functional manifestations of the mental, this doesn’t, in view of the falsity of conceptual
reductionism, enable it to reach to the mental concepts themselves. . . . The difficulty is that such a viewpoint cannot be
constructed by the mere conjunction of the mental and the physical. It has to be something genuinely new, otherwise it
will not possess the necessary unity. . . . Such a conception will have to be created; we won’t just find it lying around.
All the great reductive successes in the history of science have depended on theoretical concepts, not natural ones—
concepts whose whole justification is that they permit us to replace brute correlations with reductive explanations. At
present such a solution to the mind-body problem is literally unimaginable, but it may not be impossible.” (T. Nagel.
1998. “Conceiving the Impossible and the Mind-Body Problem.” Philosophy 73[285]: pp. 337–52.)
15. J. R. Searle. 1992. The Rediscovery of the Mind. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1992; J. R. Searle. 2007. “Dualism
Revisited.” J Physiol Paris 101 (4–6); J. R. Searle. 1998. “How to Study Consciousness Scientifically.” Philos Trans R Soc
Lond B Biol Sci 353 (1377).
16. J. Kim. 1993. “The Myth of Nonreductive Materialism.” In Supervenience and Mind. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge
University Press.
17. C. McGinn. 1989. “Can We Solve the Mind-Body Problem?” Mind 98; C. McGinn. 1999. The Mysterious Flame:
Conscious Minds in a Material World. New York: Basic Books. Steven Pinker also throws his lot in with McGinn: S.
Pinker. 1997. How the Mind Works. New York: Norton, pp. 558–65. This is more or less where Thomas Nagel comes out,

though he considers himself less pessimistic than McGinn: Nagel, “Conceiving the Impossible and the Mind-Body Problem.”
18. Whatever its relation to the physical world, consciousness seems to be conceptually irreducible, because any attempt to
define consciousness or its surrogates (sentience, awareness, subjectivity) leads us in a lexical circle. One of the great
obstacles to understanding consciousness probably lurks here: If an adequate, noncircular definition of consciousness exists,
no one has found it. The same can be said about any idea that is truly basic to our thinking. The reader is invited to try to
define the word causation in noncircular terms. Consequently, many philosophers and scientists change the subject
whenever the discussion turns to matters of consciousness—conflating it with attention, self-awareness, wakefulness,
responsiveness to stimuli, or some other, more tractable and less fundamental aspect of cognition. These digressions are often
inadvertent and rarely aim at a reductive definition of “consciousness.” Where they do, as in the case of (analytical)
behaviorism, they invariably seem false and question-begging.
19. Be it “40-Hz coherent activity in thalamocortical pathways” (R. Llinas. 2001. I of the Vortex: From Neurons to Self.
Cambridge, MA: MIT Press; R. Llinas et al. 1998. “The Neuronal Basis for Consciousness.” Philos Trans R Soc Lond B
Biol Sci 353[1377]); “cross-regional integrations of neural activity” involving the brain-stem reticular formation, the thalamus,
and somatosensory and cingulate cortices (A. Damasio. 1999. The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the
Making of Consciousness. New York: Harcourt Brace); “selectional reentrant activity of groups of neurons in the
[thalamocortical] core” (G. M. Edelman. 2006. Second Nature: Brain Science and Human Knowledge. New Haven, CT:
Yale University Press); “quantum-coherent oscillations within microtubules” (R. Penrose. 1994. Shadows of the Mind.
Oxford: Oxford University Press); “the interactions of specialized, modular components in a distributed neural network” (J.
W. Cooney and M. S. Gazzaniga. 2003. “Neurological Disorders and the Structure of Human Consciousness.” Trends Cogn
Sci 7[4]); or some other physical or functional state.
20. To see the impasse more clearly, it might be useful to consider a neuroscientific account of consciousness that proceeds with
the usual buoyant disregard for this philosophical terrain. The neuroscientists Gerald Edelman and Giulio Tononi claim that it
is the intrinsic “integration,” or unity, of consciousness that provides the best clue to its physical character. In their view,
consciousness is a “unified neural process” born of “ongoing, recursive, highly parallel signaling within and among brain
areas.” (Gerald M. Edelman and Giulio Tononi. 2002. A Universe of Consciousness: How Matter Becomes Imagination.
New York: Basic Books; G. Tononi and G. M. Edelman. 1998. “Consciousness and Complexity.” Science 282[5395].)
Accounting for why the highly synchronous activities of generalized seizures and slow-wave sleep do not suffice for
consciousness, the authors provide another criterion: The “repertoire of differentiated neural states” must be large rather than
small. Consciousness, therefore, is intrinsically “integrated” and “differentiated.” The fact that over a long enough time scale,
the entire brain may be said to display such characteristics demands another caveat—because the entire brain cannot be the
locus of consciousness. Thus, the authors declare that such integration and differentiation must occur within a window of a
few hundred milliseconds. These criteria together constitute their “dynamic core hypothesis.”
Tononi and Edelman have done some fascinating neuroscience, but their research demonstrates how forlorn any empirical
results seem when hurled against the mystery of consciousness. The problem is that such work does nothing to render the
emergence of consciousness comprehensible. While Tononi and Edelman are probably aware of this fact, they nevertheless
announce, arms akimbo, that “a scientific explanation of consciousness is becoming increasingly feasible.” (G. Tononi and G.
M. Edelman. 1998. p. 1850.)
Why would the difference between consciousness and unconsciousness be a matter of “a distributed neural process that is
both highly integrated and highly differentiated”? And why should the time course of such integration be a few hundred
milliseconds? What if it were a few hundred years? What if distributed geological processes gave rise to consciousness?
Let’s just say, for the sake of argument, that they do. This would not explain how consciousness emerges. It would be
nothing short of a miracle if mere integration and differentiation among processes in the earth sufficed to make the planet
conscious. Is the linkage between neural synchrony and consciousness any more intelligible? No—apart from the fact that
we already know that we are conscious.
Consider some other possibilities for emergence: Let us say that there is something that it is like to be a coral reef battered
by waves of precisely 0.5 hertz; there is something that it is like to be a 150-mile-per-hour wind gust laying waste to a trailer
park (but only if the trailers are made entirely of aluminum); there is something that it is like to be the sum total of New
Year’s resolutions left unfulfilled. How could such diverse “brains” possibly give rise to consciousness? We have no idea.
And yet, if we stipulate that they do, their powers are no less comprehensible than those of the brains we have in our heads.
But they are not comprehensible at all, of course—and that is the problem of consciousness.
21. Cited in C. Sagan. 1995. The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark . New York: Random House, p.
272.
22. This distinction was obvious to many thinkers even before vitalism was discredited. C. D. Broad (1925) summed it up with
admirable precision:

The one and only kind of evidence that we ever have for believing that a thing is alive is that it behaves in certain
characteristic ways. E.g., it moves spontaneously, eats, drinks, digests, grows, reproduces, and so on. Now all these are
just actions of one body on other bodies. There seems to be no reason whatever to suppose that “being alive” means
any more than exhibiting these various forms of bodily behaviour. . . . But the position about consciousness, certainly
seems to be very different. It is perfectly true that an essential part of our evidence for believing that anything but
ourselves has a mind and is having such and such experiences is that it performs certain characteristic bodily
movements in certain situations. . . . But it is plain that our observation of the behavior of external bodies is not our only
or our primary ground for asserting the existence of minds and mental processes. And it seems to me equally plain that
by “having a mind” we do not mean simply “behaving in such and such ways.” (Cited in A. Beckermann. 2000. “The
Reductive Explainability of Phenomenal Consciousness.” In Neural Correlates of Consciousness: Empirical and
Conceptual Questions, ed. T. Metzinger. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, p. 49).
23. Another way of stating the matter is that if, as all physicalists believe, there is a necessary connection between the physical
and the phenomenal, we would not expect to see evidence for it—apart from the reliability of correlation itself. If we are told
that phenomenal state X is really brain state Y, we must ask, “By virtue of what is this identity true?” The answer must be
that one cannot find X without Y or Y without X. But this disgorges two further facts: Such an identity can be established
only by virtue of empirical correlations, and the phenomenal term is in no way subordinate, with respect to defining what a
state is, to its physical correlate. As Donald Davidson said, “If some mental events are physical events, this makes them no
more physical than mental. Identity is a symmetrical relation.” (D. Davidson. 1987. “Knowing One’s Own Mind.”
Proceedings and Addresses of the American Philosophical Association 61.) Brain state Y is identifiable as phenomenal
state X only by virtue of its X-ness.
The problem is further complicated by the fact that the neural correlates of conscious states seem liable to be a far more
heterogeneous class of events than I have indicated. This raises the issue of multiple realizability: the possibility that
different physical states may be capable of producing consciousness. Finding one such state (or class of states) to be reliably
correlated with consciousness would not necessarily reveal anything about the possibilities of consciousness in other physical
systems. Multiple realizability is especially problematic for any theory that seeks to reduce consciousness to a specific type of
brain state (i.e., any “type-type identity” theory of consciousness). In neuroanatomical terms, we know that a limited form of
multiple realizability must be true, because different species of birds and mammals perform many of the same cognitive
operations with importantly different neuronal architectures. Of course, it is conceivable that only human beings are
conscious, or that consciousness may be instantiated in precisely the same neural circuits in dissimilar brains—but both these
propositions strike me as extremely doubtful.
Whatever one’s ontological bias, the meaningfulness of correlation depends on the belief that a causal linkage (if not
identity) exists between physical states and subjective experience. And yet, correlation is itself the only basis for establishing
this linkage. This is not merely a case of Humean angst with respect to causation: We are blind to the physical causes of
phenomenal events to a much greater degree than we are to the physical causes of physical events. In fact, Hume’s
skepticism about our knowledge of causation has not aged very well. Even rats appear to intuit causal connections beyond
mere correlations. One can also argue that our ability to pick out individual events in a temporal sequence, or to group events
into categories, is the product of causal reasoning. (See M. R. Waldmann, Y. Hagmayer, and A. P. Blaisdell. 2006. “Beyond
the Information Given: Causal Models in Learning and Reasoning.” Current Directions in Psychological Science 15[6];
M. J. Buehner and P. W. Cheng. 2005. “Causal Learning.” In The Cambridge Handbook of Thinking and Reasoning,
ed. K. J. Holyoak and R. G. Morrison. New York: Cambridge University Press.) When I break a pencil, the force applied to
it by my hands and its subsequent breaking are correlated, but not merely so. There is much to be said about the
microstructure of pencils that makes their brittleness, and hence the observed correlation, intelligible. With consciousness,
however, the link appears to be brute. As Chalmers and others have noted, the question remains: Why should such events in
the brain be experienced at all? (D. J. Chalmers. 1995. “The Puzzle of Conscious Experience.” Sci Am 273[6]; Chalmers,
The Conscious Mind; D. J. Chalmers. 1997. “Moving Forward on the Problem of Consciousness.” Journal of
Consciousness Studies 4[1].) But this does not stop neuroscientists and philosophers from trying to simply ram through
explanatory analogies that don’t quite fit.
24. W. Singer. 1999. “Neuronal Synchrony: A Versatile Code for the Definition of Relations?” Neuron 24(1).
25. For doubts on this point, see M. N. Shadlen and J. A. Movshon. 1999. “Synchrony Unbound: A Critical Evaluation of the
Temporal Binding Hypothesis.” Neuron 24(1).
26. Prinz also observes that binding and consciousness are fully dissociable. J. Prinz. 2001. “Functionalism, Dualism and
Consciousness.” In Philosophy and the Neurosciences, ed. W. Bechtel et al. Oxford: Blackwell.
27. A. Polonsky et al. 2000. “Neuronal Activity in Human Primary Visual Cortex Correlates with Perception During Binocular
Rivalry.” Nat Neurosci 3(11); G. Rees, G. Kreiman, and C. Koch. 2002. “Neural Correlates of Consciousness in Humans.”

Nat Rev Neurosci 3(4); F. Crick and C. Koch. 1998. “Consciousness and Neuroscience.” Cerebral Cortex 8; F. Crick and
C. Koch. 1999. “The Unconscious Humunculus.” In The Neural Correlates of Consciousness, ed. T. Metzinger.
Cambridge, MA: MIT Press; F. Crick and C. Koch. 2003. “A Framework for Consciousness.” Nat Neurosci 6(2); J. D.
Haynes. 2009. “Decoding Visual Consciousness from Human Brain Signals.” Trends Cogn Sci 13(5).
28. Statistics available at www.gallup.com.
29. G. M. Bogen and J. E. Bogen. 1986. “On the Relationship of Cerebral Duality to Creativity.” Bull Clin Neurosci 51.
30. J. E. Bogen, R. W. Sperry, and P. J. Vogel. 1969. “Addendum: Commissural Section and Propagation of Seizures.” In Basic
Mechanisms of the Epilepsies, ed. Jasper et al. Boston: Little, Brown; E. Zaidel, M. Iacoboni, D. Zaidel, and J. E. Bogen.
2003. “The Callosal Syndromes.” In Clinical Neuropsychology. Oxford: Oxford University Press; E. Zaidel, D. W. Zaidel,
and J. Bogen. Undated. “The Split Brain.” www.its.caltech.edu/~jbogen/text/ref130.htm.
31. M. S. Gazzaniga, J. E. Bogen, and R. W. Sperry. 1965. “Observations on Visual Perception after Disconnexion of the
Cerebral Hemispheres in Man.” Brain 88(2); R. W. Sperry. 1961. “Cerebral Organization and Behavior: The Split Brain
Behaves in Many Respects Like Two Separate Brains, Providing New Research Possibilities.” Science 133(3466); R. W.
Sperry. 1968. “Hemisphere Deconnection and Unity in Conscious Awareness.” Am Psychol 23(10); R. W. Sperry, E. Zaidel,
and D. Zaidel. 1979. “Self Recognition and Social Awareness in the Deconnected Minor Hemisphere.” Neuropsychologia
17(2).
32. R. Sperry. 1982. “Some Effects of Disconnecting the Cerebral Hemispheres. Nobel Lecture, 8 December 1981.” Biosci Rep
2(5).
33. R. E. Myers and R. W. Sperry. 1958. “Interhemispheric Communication through the Corpus Callosum: Mnemonic Carryover between the Hemispheres.” AMA Arch Neurol Psychiatry 80(3); Sperry, “Cerebral Organization and Behavior.”
34. M. S. Gazzaniga, J. E. Bogen, and R. W. Sperry. 1962. “Some Functional Effects of Sectioning the Cerebral Commissures in
Man.” Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 48.
35. Zaidel et al., “The Callosal Syndromes”; Zaidel, Zaidel, and Bogen, “The Split Brain.”
36. K. R. Popper and J. C. Eccles. [1977] 1993. The Self and Its Brain. London: Routledge.
37. See C. E. Marks. 1980. Commissurotomy, Consciousness, and the Unity of Mind. Montgomery, VT: Bradford Books; J.
E. Bogen. 1997. “Does Cognition in the Disconnected Right Hemisphere Require Right Hemisphere Possession of
Language?” Brain Lang 57(1).
38. T. Nørretranders. 1998. The User Illusion: Cutting Consciousness Down to Size. New York: Viking.
39. V. Mark. 1996. “Conflicting Communicative Behavior in a Split-Brain Patient: Support for Dual Consciousness.” In Toward
a Science of Consciousness: The First Tucson Discussions and Debates, ed. S. Hameroff, A. W. Kaszniak, and A. C.
Scott. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
40. Sperry, “Some Effects of Disconnecting the Cerebral Hemispheres.”
41. J. J. Schmitt, W. Hartje, and K. Willmes. 1997. “Hemispheric Asymmetry in the Recognition of Emotional Attitude Conveyed
by Facial Expression, Prosody and Propositional Speech.” Cortex 33(1).
42. J. Blair, D. R. Mitchell, and K. Blair. 2005. The Psychopath: Emotion and the Brain. Malden, MA: Blackwell.
43. Most of the studies involved have relied on the Wada test, in which sodium amobarbital is injected into the left or right carotid
artery, temporarily anesthetizing the hemisphere on the same side. Researchers have found that anesthesia of the left
hemisphere is often associated with depression, whereas anesthesia of the right can lead to euphoria. The literature on stroke
has tended to support this lateralization of mood, correlating left-hemisphere strokes with depression, but some studies have
put this interpretation in question. See A. J. Carson et al. 2000. “Depression after Stroke and Lesion Location: A Systematic
Review.” Lancet 356(9224); D. W. Desmond et al. 2003. “Ischemic Stroke and Depression.” J Int Neuropsychol Soc 9(3).
Research on normal brains has shown that negative emotions such as disgust, anxiety, and sadness tend to be associated
with right-hemisphere activity, whereas happiness is associated with activity on the left. However, it might be better to think
about these emotional asymmetries in terms of “approach” and “withdrawal,” because anger, a classically negative emotion,
is also correlated with activity in the left hemisphere. (E. Harmon-Jones, P. A. Gable, and C. K. Peterson. 2010. “The Role
of Asymmetric Frontal Cortical Activity in Emotion-Related Phenomena: A Review and Update.” Biol Psychol 84[3]: 451–
62.)
The lateralized presentation of films suggests that the right hemisphere is more responsive to their emotional content,
particularly if it is negative. (W. Wittling and R. Roschmann. 1993. “Emotion-Related Hemisphere Asymmetry: Subjective
Emotional Responses to Laterally Presented Films.” Cortex 29[3].) It is also faster than the left to recognize the emotional
charge of individual words (stupid, beautiful), and in people suffering from depression, it shows a performance bias for
negative words. (R. A. Atchley, S. S. Ilardi, and A. Enloe. 2003. “Hemispheric Asymmetry in the Processing of Emotional
Content in Word Meanings: The Effect of Current and Past Depression.” Brain Lang 84[1].) The fact that primates lack
direct connections between the right and left amygdalae (regions in the temporal lobes that are especially sensitive to

emotionally significant events) suggests an anatomical basis for lateral differences in mood. (R. W. Doty. 1998. “The Five
Mysteries of the Mind, and Their Consequences.” Neuropsychologia 36[10].) The role of the amygdala in our emotional
lives, particularly with respect to fear, is very well established. (Joseph E. LeDoux. 2002. Synaptic Self: How Our Brains
Become Who We Are. New York: Viking.)
44. Popper and Eccles, The Self and Its Brain.
45. Zaidel, Zaidel, and Bogen, “The Split Brain.”
46. Myers and Sperry, “Interhemispheric Communication through the Corpus Callosum.”
47. Bogen, “On the Relationship of Cerebral Duality to Creativity.”
48. R. Puccetti. 1981. “The Case for Mental Duality: Evidence from Split-Brain Data and Other Considerations.” Behavioral
and Brain Sciences 4: 93–123.
49. W. James. 1950 [1890]. The Principles of Psychology (Vol. I). Dover Publications, p. 251.
50. However, as Dennett points out, it can be difficult (or impossible) to distinguish what was experienced and then forgotten
from what was never experienced in the first place. See his insightful discussion of Orwellian versus Stalinesque processes in
cognition: D. C. Dennett. 1991. Consciousness Explained. Boston: Little, Brown, pp. 116–25. This ambiguity is largely
attributable to the fact that the contents of consciousness must be integrated over time—around 100–200ms. (Crick and
Koch, “A Framework for Consciousness.”) This period of integration allows the sensation of touching an object and the
associated visual perception of doing so—which objectively arrive at the cortex at different times—to be experienced as
though they were simultaneous. Consciousness, therefore, is dependent upon what is generally known as “working memory.”
Many researchers have drawn this connection: J. M. Fuster. 2003. Cortex and Mind: Unifying Cognition. Oxford:
Oxford University Press; P. Thagard and B. Aubie. 2008. “Emotional Consciousness: A Neural Model of How Cognitive
Appraisal and Somatic Perception Interact to Produce Qualitative Experience.” Conscious Cogn 17(3); B. J. Baars and S.
Franklin. 2003. “How Conscious Experience and Working Memory Interact.” Trends Cogn Sci 7(4). And the principle is
somewhat more loosely captured by Edelman’s notion of consciousness as “the remembered present”: G. M. Edelman. 1989.
The Remembered Present: A Biological Theory of Consciousness. New York: Basic Books.
51. L. Naccache and S. Dehaene. 2001. “Unconscious Semantic Priming Extends to Novel Unseen Stimuli.” Cognition 80(3).
Though several studies indicate that the priming stimulus must at least be attended to: M. Finkbeiner and K. I. Forster. 2008.
“Attention, Intention and Domain-Specific Processing.” Trends Cogn Sci 12(2).
52. M. Pessiglione et al. 2007. “How the Brain Translates Money into Force: A Neuroimaging Study of Subliminal Motivation.”
Science 316(5826).
53. P. J. Whalen et al. 1998. “Masked Presentations of Emotional Facial Expressions Modulate Amygdala Activity without
Explicit Knowledge.” J Neurosci 18(1); L. Naccache et al. 2005. “A Direct Intracranial Record of Emotions Evoked by
Subliminal Words.” Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 102(21).
54. D. L. Schacter. 1987. “Implicit Expressions of Memory in Organic Amnesia: Learning of New Facts and Associations.”
Hum Neurobiol 6(2).
55. L. R. Squire and R. McKee. 1992. “Influence of Prior Events on Cognitive Judgments in Amnesia.” J Exp Psychol Learn
Mem Cogn 18(1).
56. M. M. Keane et al. 1997. “Intact and Impaired Conceptual Memory Processes in Amnesia.” Neuropsychology 11(1).
57. Other phenomena distinguish consciousness from our unconscious mental lives. For instance, certain people suffer a condition
called “blindsight,” which results from damage to their primary visual cortex. As a matter of conscious experience, they are
blind (or blind within a region of their visual field), and yet they can accurately describe the visual properties of objects. They
experience this as purely a matter of guessing—after all, they have no experience of seeing—but they manage to “guess”
with near perfect accuracy. They are seeing without knowing that they are seeing. (L. Weiskrantz. 1996. “Blindsight
Revisited.” Curr Opin Neurobiol 6[2]; L. Weiskrantz. 2002. “Prime-Sight and Blindsight.” Conscious Cogn 11[4]; L.
Weiskrantz. 2008. “Is Blindsight Just Degraded Normal Vision?” Exp Brain Res 192[3].)
58. S. Harris. 2004. The End of Faith, New York: Norton, pp. 173–75, 275–77; S. Harris. 2010. The Moral Landscape. New
York: Free Press.
Chapter 3: The Riddle of the Self
1. Nanamoli. 1995. Majjhima Nikaya: Culamalunkya Sutta. Boston: Wisdom Publications. p. 534.
2. It is occasionally said that spiritual practice leads to the experience of “bliss” and that consciousness itself is inherently
blissful. How are we to understand this? The term bliss does not get much use in Western discourse—and should one ever
have occasion to utter it, it will place one’s listeners immediately on their guard. Even with reference to sex the word smacks
of grandiosity, as though one were asserting something unique about one’s capacity for pleasure. A contemplative who
speaks of “spiritual bliss” seems to be making an unusual claim to pleasure, to be luxuriating in obscure stirrings of his

nervous system, and this does not engender respect anywhere but among the similarly engorged. One who would spend
hours each day absorbed in the bliss of meditation seems rather like a heroin addict or an onanist who has transcended the
use of his hands. To find a fount of bliss somewhere within one’s nervous system is simply undignified.
But an empirical claim here stands to be tested. The claim is that consciousness, prior to self-representation, is intrinsically
“blissful.” It is not a matter of a gross thrill or a constant feeling of joy, but there is a feeling tone to consciousness, and once
realized, it can be felt to permeate every aspect of experience. This is how it can be said in the teachings of Buddhist and
Hindu Tantra that “desire arises as bliss,” for indeed it can—if desire is recognized as a mere inflection of consciousness. Of
course, if desire is not recognized but merely felt, then it arises as a problem to be solved by the acquisition of its object. It is
in this sense that desire is generally described as an obstacle to meditation.
3. D. Parfit. 1984. Reasons and Persons. Oxford: Clarendon Press, pp. 279–80.
4. The Scottish philosopher David Hume, for instance, saw the problem quite clearly:
There are some philosophers who imagine we are every moment intimately conscious of what we call our self; that we
feel its existence and its continuance in existence; and are certain, beyond the evidence of a demonstration, both of its
perfect identity and simplicity. . . . Unluckily all these positive assertions are contrary to that very experience which is
pleaded for them; nor have we any idea of self, after the manner it is here explained. For, from what impression could
this idea be derived? . . . If any impression gives rise to the idea of self, that impression must continue invariably the
same, through the whole course of our lives; since self is supposed to exist after that manner. But there is no impression
constant and invariable. Pain and pleasure, grief and joy, passions and sensations succeed each other, and never all
exist at the same time. It cannot therefore be from any of these impressions, or from any other, that the idea of self is
derived; and consequently there is no such idea. . . . For my part, when I enter most intimately into what I call myself, I
always stumble on some particular perception or other, of heat or cold, light or shade, love or hatred, pain or pleasure. I
never can catch myself at any time without a perception, and never can observe any thing but the perception. When my
perceptions are removed for any time, as by sound sleep, so long am I insensible of myself, and may truly be said not to
exist. And were all my perceptions removed by death, and could I neither think, nor feel, nor see, nor love, nor hate,
after the dissolution of my body, I should be entirely annihilated, nor do I conceive what is further requisite to make me
a perfect nonentity. If any one, upon serious and unprejudiced reflection, thinks he has a different notion of himself, I
must confess I can reason no longer with him. All I can allow him is, that he may be in the right as well as I, and that
we are essentially different in this particular. He may, perhaps, perceive something simple and continued, which he calls
himself; though I am certain there is no such principle in me. (D. Hume. Treatise of Human Nature , Book 1, Section
6.)
5. R. A. Emmons and M. E. McCullough. 2003. “Counting Blessings Versus Burdens: An Experimental Investigation of
Gratitude and Subjective Well-Being in Daily Life.” Journal of Personality and Social Psychology 84 (2): 377–89.
6. Needless to say, I packed at first light and found a new hotel. Upon checking in, I described my morning’s ordeal to the man
at the front desk, expecting him to be amused to hear how bad things were under the roof of one of his competitors: The rat
was not only in my room, it was in the bed, under the covers. He remained silent for a long moment, looking vaguely
bored. I began to wonder if I had misjudged his English. “We have rats too,” he said, as he handed me my key.
7. Tulku Urgyen Rinpoche. 2004. Rainbow Painting. Hong Kong: Rangjung Yeshe Publications, p. 53.
8. M. Botvinick and J. Cohen. 1998. “Rubber Hands ‘Feel’ Touch That Eyes See.” Nature 391(6669): 756.
9. V. I. Petkova and H. H. Ehrsson. 2008. “If I Were You: Perceptual Illusion of Body Swapping.” PLoS ONE 3(12): e3832.
10. Thought insertion is the sense that thoughts are being placed in one’s mind by others. The delusion of control is the belief
that one’s actions and impulses are being controlled by an external force (such as a television or alien beings).
11. Charles Darwin seems to have been the first to perform a test of this sort, by merely exposing two orangutans to a mirror.
The modern version of this test was brought into prominence by the work of Gordon Gallup in the 1970s.
12. For a related argument, see A. Morin. 2002. “Right Hemispheric Self-Awareness: A Critical Assessment.” Conscious Cogn
11(3): 396–401.
13. N. Breen, D. Caine, and M. Coltheart. 2001. “Mirrored-Self Misidentification: Two Cases of Focal Onset Dementia.”
Neurocase 7(3): 239–54.
14. D. Premack and G. Woodruff. 1978. “Chimpanzee Problem-Solving: A Test for Comprehension.” Science 202(4367): 532–
35; C. D. Frith and U. Frith. 2006. “The Neural Basis of Mentalizing.” Neuron 50(4): 531–34; U. Frith, J. Morton, and A. M.
Leslie. 1991. “The Cognitive Basis of a Biological Disorder: Autism.” Trends Neurosci 14(10): 433–38; S. Baron-Cohen.
1995. Mindblindness: An Essay on Autism and Theory of Mind. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press; K. Vogeley et al. 2001.
“Mind Reading: Neural Mechanisms of Theory of Mind and Self-Perspective.” Neuroimage 14(1), Pt. 1; D. C. Dennett.
1987. The Intentional Stance. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
15. J. Delacour. 1995. “An Introduction to the Biology of Consciousness.” Neuropsychologia 33(9): 1061–74; E. Goldberg.

2001. The Executive Brain: Frontal Lobes and the Civilized Mind. Oxford: Oxford University Press; F. Happe. 2003.
“Theory of Mind and the Self.” Ann N Y Acad Sci 1001: 134–44; M. Iacoboni. 2008. Mirroring People: The New Science
of How We Connect with Others. New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux; M. Merleau-Ponty. 1964. The Primacy of
Perception, and Other Essays on Phenomenological Psychology, the Philosophy of Art, History, and Politics .
Northwestern University Studies in Phenomenology and Existential Philosophy. Evanston, IL: Northwestern University Press;
V. S. Ramachandran. “The Neurology of Self-Awareness.” Undated. Edge.org; J.-P. Sartre. [1956] 1994. Being and
Nothingness, trans. H. E. Barnes. New York: Gramercy Books.
16. K. Vogeley et al. 1995. “Mind Reading: Neural Mechanisms of Theory of Mind and Self-Perspective” and P. C. Fletcher et
al. 1995. “Other Minds in the Brain: A Functional Imaging Study of ‘Theory of Mind’ in Story Comprehension.” Cognition
57(2) use the same story as a stimulus. Saxe and Kanwisher also take the same basic approach: R. Saxe and N. Kanwisher.
2003. “People Thinking about Thinking People: The Role of the Temporo-parietal Junction in ‘Theory of Mind.’  ”
Neuroimage 19(4).
17. Sartre, Being and Nothingness.
18. It seems intuitively obvious that there is a necessary connection between having a sense of self (as opposed to a perfectly
nondualistic perception of the world) and the social experience of “self-consciousness.” The latter phenomenon appears to be
an inflection of the former—in the same way that feeling an object’s hardness is just a special case of feeling its solidity. As
with so much that interests us about the world, there seems little chance of our proving this connection in a rigorous way. It
falls to anyone who would dissociate these concepts to describe a case of self-consciousness that does not entail the
experience of selfhood, and an experience of selfhood that does not admit of the possibility of self-consciousness.
19. Ramachandran, “The Neurology of Self-Awareness.”
20. J. T. Kaplan and M. Iacoboni. 2006. “Getting a Grip on Other Minds: Mirror Neurons, Intention Understanding, and Cognitive
Empathy.” Soc Neurosci 1(3–4): 175–83; I. Molnar-Szakacs, J. Kaplan, P. M. Greenfield, and M. Iacoboni. 2006.
“Observing Complex Action Sequences: The Role of the Fronto-Parietal Mirror Neuron System.” Neuroimage 33(3): 923–
35.
21. Iacoboni, Mirroring People, pp. 132–45; M. Iacoboni and M. Dapretto. 2006. “The Mirror Neuron System and the
Consequences of Its Dysfunction.” Nat Rev Neurosci 7(12): 942–51.
22. M. Dapretto, M. S. Davies, J. H. Pfeifer, A. A. Scott, M. Sigman, S. Y. Bookheimer, and M. Iacoboni. 2006.
“Understanding Emotions in Others: Mirror Neuron Dysfunction in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorders.” Nat
Neurosci 9(1): 28–30.
23. J. S. Mascaro et al. 2012. “Compassion Meditation Enhances Empathic Accuracy and Related Neural Activity.” In Social
Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience. September 5. doi:10.1093/scan/nss095. While findings of this kind are certainly
interesting, the jury is still out on the significance of mirror neurons. And we should not forget that despite the presence of
mirror neurons in their brains, monkeys lack language and TOM. They also show very little in the way of empathy.
Chapter 4: Meditation
1. M. A. Killingsworth and D. T. Gilbert. 2010. “A Wandering Mind Is an Unhappy Mind.” Science 330: 932.
2. M. E. Raichle et al. 2001. “A Default Mode of Brain Function.” Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 98(2): 676–82.
3. A. D’Argembeau et al. 2008. “Self-Reflection across Time: Cortical Midline Structures Differentiate between Present and
Past Selves.” Soc Cogn Affect Neurosci 3(3): 244–52; D. A. Gusnard et al. 2001. “Medial Prefrontal Cortex and SelfReferential Mental Activity: Relation to a Default Mode of Brain Function.” Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 98(7): 4259–64; J. P.
Mitchell, C. N. Macrae, and M. R. Banaji. 2006. “Dissociable Medial Prefrontal Contributions to Judgments of Similar and
Dissimilar Others.” Neuron 50(4): 655–63; J. M. Moran et al. 2006. “Neuroanatomical Evidence for Distinct Cognitive and
Affective Components of Self.” J Cogn Neurosci 18(9): 1586–94; G. Northoff et al. 2006. “Self-Referential Processing in
Our Brain: A Meta-Analysis of Imaging Studies on the Self.” Neuroimage 31(1): 440–57; F. Schneider et al. 2008. “The
Resting Brain and Our Self: Self-Relatedness Modulates Resting State Neural Activity in Cortical Midline Structures.”
Neuroscience 157(1): 120–31.
4. K. Vogeley et al. 2004. “Neural Correlates of First-Person Perspective as One Constituent of Human Self-Consciousness.”
J Cogn Neurosci 16(5): 817–27. One study compared Eastern and Western differences in self-representation and found that
while both groups showed more midline activity when applying personal adjectives to the self than to another person, Chinese
subjects also showed the same effect for judgments about their mothers. The experimenters interpreted this to mean that the
Chinese harbor a more collectivist conception of the “self.” Y. Zhu et al. 2007. “Neural Basis of Cultural Influence on SelfRepresentation.” Neuroimage 34(3): 1310–16.
5. Y. I. Sheline et al. 2009. “The Default Mode Network and Self-Referential Processes in Depression.” Proc Natl Acad Sci
USA 106(6): 1942–47.

6. J. A. Brewer et al. 2011. “Meditation Experience Is Associated with Differences in Default Mode Network Activity and
Connectivity.” Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 108(50): 20254–59; Véronique A. Taylor et al. 2011. “Impact of Mindfulness on the
Neural Responses to Emotional Pictures in Experienced and Beginner Meditators.” NeuroImage 57: 1524–33. Psilocybin
reduces activity in these brain areas as well, and to an extraordinary degree: Robin L. Carhart-Harris et al. 2012. “Neural
Correlates of the Psychedelic State as Determined by fMRI Studies with Psilocybin.” Proceedings of the National
Academy of Sciences, January 23.
7. E. Luders et al. 2012. “The Unique Brain Anatomy of Meditation Practitioners: Alterations in Cortical Gyrification.”
Frontiers in Human Neuroscience 6:34; P. Vestergaard-Poulsen et al. 2009. “Long-Term Meditation Is Associated with
Increased Gray Matter Density in the Brain Stem.” Neuroreport 20: 170–74; S. W. Lazar et al. 2005. “Meditation
Experience Is Associated with Increased Cortical Thickness.” Neuroreport 16: 1893–97; Eileen Luders et al. 2012. “Global
and Regional Alterations of Hippocampal Anatomy in Long-Term Meditation Practitioners.” Human Brain Mapping 34(12):
3369–75.
8. A. Lutz et al. 2012. “Altered Anterior Insula Activation During Anticipation and Experience of Painful Stimuli in Expert
Meditators.” Neuroimage 64: 538–46.
9. F. Zeidan et al. 2011. “Brain Mechanisms Supporting the Modulation of Pain by Mindfulness Meditation.” Pain 31: 5540–48.
10. R. J. Davidson and B. S McEwen. 2012. “Social Influences on Neuroplasticity: Stress and Interventions to Promote WellBeing.” Nature Neuroscience 15(5): 689–95.
11. http://www.news.wisc.edu/22370.
12. C. A. Moyer et al. 2011. “Frontal Electroencephalographic Asymmetry Associated With Positive Emotion Is Produced by
Very Brief Meditation Training.” Psychological Science 22(10): 1277–79.
13. S.-L. Keng, M. J. Smoski, and C. J. Robins. 2011. “Effects of Mindfulness on Psychological Health: A Review of Empirical
Studies.” Clinical Psychology Review 31: 1041–56; B. K. Holzel et al. 2011. “How Does Mindfulness Meditation Work?
Proposing Mechanisms of Action from a Conceptual and Neural Perspective.” Perspectives on Psychological Science 6:
537–59.
14. J. S. Mascaro et al. 2012. “Compassion Meditation Enhances Empathic Accuracy and Related Neural Activity.” In Social
Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience 8(1): 48–55.
15. O. M. Klimecki et al. 1991. “Functional Neural Plasticity and Associated Changes in Positive Affect after Compassion
Training.” Cerebral Cortex 23(7): 1552–61.
16. M. E. Kemeny et al. 2012. “Contemplative/Emotion Training Reduces Negative Emotional Behavior and Promotes Prosocial
Responses.” Emotion 12: 338–50.
17. M. Sayadaw. 1957. Buddhist Meditation and Its Forty Subjects, trans. U Pe Thin. Buddha Sasana Council Press; M.
Sayadaw. 1983. Thoughts on the Dhamma. Kandy, Sri Lanka: Buddhist Publication Society; M. Sayadaw. 1985. The
Progress of Insight, trans. Nyanaponika Thera. Kandy, Sri Lanka: Buddhist Publication Society.
18. R. Maharshi. 1984. Talks with Sri Ramana Maharshi. Tiruvanamallai: Sri Ramanashramam, p. 314.
19. D. Godman, ed. 1985. Be as You Are: The Teachings of Sri Ramana Maharshi. New York: Arkana, p. 55.
20. E. Mach. 1914. The Analysis of Sensations and the Relation of the Physical to the Psychical. Chicago: Open Court, p.
19.
21. D. R. Hofstadter and D. C. Dennett. 1981. The Mind’s I: Fantasies and Reflections on Self and Soul . New York: Basic
Books, pp. 23–33.
22. Ibid., p. 30.
Chapter 5: Gurus, Death, Drugs, and Other Puzzles
1. The Gateless Gate (Japanese: Mumonkan). http://www.sacred-texts.com/bud/zen/mumonkan.htm.
2. G. Feuerstein. 2006. Holy Madness: Spirituality, Crazy-Wise Teachers, and Enlightenment . Rev. and expanded ed.
Prescott, AZ: Hohm Press, p. 108.
3. F. FitzGerald. 1981. Cities on a Hill. New York: Touchstone.
4. P. Marin. 1979. “Spiritual Obedience.” Harper’s (February), p. 44.
5. E. Weinberger. 1986. Works on Paper. New York: New Directions, p. 31.
6. C. Trungpa. 1987. Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism. Boston: Shambhala, pp. 173–74.
7. For instance, see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otGQqO2TYMI.
Osho was by no means the absolute worst the New Age had to offer. There is no question that he harmed many people in
the end—and perhaps in the beginning and middle as well—but he wasn’t simply a lunatic or a con artist. Osho struck me as
a very insightful man who had much to teach but who grew increasingly intoxicated by the power of his role and then went
properly bonkers in it. When you spend your days sniffing nitrous oxide, demanding fellatio at forty-five-minute intervals,

making sacred gifts of your fingernail clippings, and shopping for your ninety-fourth Rolls Royce, you might wonder whether
you’ve wandered a step or two off the path to liberation.
8. Harris, The End of Faith, pp. 295–96.
9. G. D. Falk. 2009. Stripping the Gurus. Toronto: Million Monkeys Press.
10. See, for example, D. Radin. 1997. The Conscious Universe: The Scientific Truth of Psychic Phenomena. New York:
HarperEdge.
11. E. F. Kelly et al. 2007. Irreducible Mind: Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century . New York: Rowman and
Littlefield, p. 372.
12. Ibid., p. 374.
13. Ibid., p. 371.
14. Even supposed evidence for rebirth—such as when a person, usually a child, is alleged to recall facts that prove he or she is
the reincarnate personality of a deceased person—seems impossible to disentangle from the question of psi.
15. E. Alexander. 2012. Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon’s Journey into the Afterlife . New York: Simon & Schuster,
jacket quote.
16. E. Alexander. 2012. “Heaven Is Real: A Doctor’s Experience of the Afterlife.” Newsweek.
17. A. E. Cavanna et al. 2010. “The Neural Correlates of Impaired Consciousness in Coma and Unresponsive States.” Discov
Med 9(48): 431–38.
18. Alex Tsakiris. 2011. “Neurosurgeon Dr. Eben Alexander’s Near-Death Experience Defies Medical Model of
Consciousness.” Skeptico. November 22. http://www.skeptiko.com/154-neurosurgeon-dr-eben-alexander-near-deathexperience/.
19. Terence McKenna. 1992. Food of the Gods. New York: Bantam Books, pp. 258–59.
20. The general differences between neurosurgeons and neuroscientists may explain some of Alexander’s errors. The distinction
in expertise is very easy to see when viewed from the other side: If a neuroscientist were handed a drill and a scalpel and
told to operate on a living person’s brain, the result would be horrific. From a scientific point of view, Alexander’s
performance is no prettier. He has surely killed the patient, but the man won’t stop drilling. In fact, he may have helped kill
Newsweek, which announced immediately after his article ran that it would no longer publish a print edition.
21. A wide literature now suggests that MDMA can damage serotonin-producing neurons and decrease levels of serotonin in the
brain. There are credible claims, however, that many of these studies used poor controls or dosages in lab animals that were
too high to model human use of the drug.
22. Robin L. Carhart-Harris et al. 2011. “Neural Correlates of the Psychedelic State as Determined by fMRI Studies with
Psilocybin.” Proc Natl Acad Sci USA. December 20. http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2012/01/17/1119598109.
23. Terence McKenna is one person I regret not getting to know. Unfortunately, he died from brain cancer in 2000, at the age of
fifty-three. His books are well worth reading, but he was, above all, an amazing speaker. It is true that his eloquence often
led him to adopt positions that can only be described (charitably) as “wacky,” but he was undeniably brilliant and always
worth listening to.
24. It is important to note that MDMA doesn’t tend to have these properties—and many people would say that it shouldn’t be
considered a psychedelic at all. The terms empathogen and entactogen have been used to describe MDMA and other
compounds whose effect is primarily emotional and pro-social.
25. I should say, however, that there are psychedelic experiences I have not had that appear to deliver a different message.
Some people have experiences that, rather than being states in which the boundaries of the self are dissolved, appear to
transport the self (in some form) elsewhere. This phenomenon is very common with the drug DMT, and it can lead its
initiates to some startling conclusions about the nature of reality. More than anyone else, Terence McKenna was influential in
bringing the phenomenology of DMT into prominence.
DMT is unique among psychedelics for several reasons. Everyone who has tried it seems to agree that it is the most
potent hallucinogen available in terms of its effects. It is also, paradoxically, the shortest-acting. Whereas the effects of LSD
can last ten hours, the DMT trance dawns in less than a minute and subsides in ten. One reason for such steep
pharmacokinetics seems to be that this compound already exists inside the human brain and is readily metabolized by
monoaminoxidase. DMT is in the same chemical class as psilocybin and the neurotransmitter serotonin (but, in addition to
having an affinity for 5-HT2A receptors, it has been shown to bind to the sigma-1 receptor and modulate Na + channels). Its
function in the human body remains unknown. Among the many mysteries and insults presented by DMT, it offers a final
mockery of our drug laws: Not only have we criminalized naturally occurring substances such as cannabis, but we have
criminalized one of our own neurotransmitters. Many users of DMT report being thrust under its influence into an adjacent
reality where they are met by alien beings who appear intent upon sharing information and demonstrating the use of
inscrutable technologies. The convergence of hundreds of such reports, many from first-time users of the drug who have not

been told what to expect, is certainly interesting. It is also worth noting that these accounts are almost entirely free of
religious imagery. One appears far more likely to meet extraterrestrials or elves on DMT than traditional saints or angels. I
have not tried DMT and have not had an experience of the sort that its users describe, so I don’t know what to make of any
of this.
26. Of course, James was reporting his experiences with nitrous oxide, which is an anesthetic. Other anesthetics, such as
ketamine hydrochloride and phencyclidine hydrochloride (PCP), have similar effects on mood and cognition at low doses.
However, these drugs differ from classic psychedelics in many ways—one being that high doses of the latter do not lead to
general anesthesia.
27. W. James. 1958. The Varieties of Religious Experience. New York: New American Library. p. 298.

INDEX

Page numbers in italics refer to illustrations. An n following a page number refers to the note section.
Abrahamic religions, 21–22, 32, 91
see also Christianity, Islam, Judaism
acceptance, 148–49
addiction, 122
Advaita Vedanta, 10, 26, 32, 132, 210n
consciousness in, 21–22, 23, 129
illusion of self in, 31
nongradualism in, 125
alcohol, 3, 187, 188, 189
Alexander, Eben, 174–83, 185–86, 236n
Alexander the Great, 23
alexithymia, 70
Al-Hallaj, 22
amnesia, 77
global retrograde, 104–5
amygdala, 76
anesthesia awareness, 53
anesthetics, 179, 182, 237n
anger, 99, 137, 224n
anxiety, 121, 122, 190, 192
aphasia, 68
Applewhite, Marshall, 152, 155
apraxia, 68
Arunachala, 128
ascended masters, 24
atheism, atheists, 18, 176
animosity toward spirituality by, 6, 11, 202
attention, 12, 123
Augustine, Saint, 176
autism, 110, 111, 114
autonomy, 161
awareness (rigpa), 134, 216n
Aztecs, 197
backward masking, 76
Bergson, Henri, 190
Bhagavad Gita, 24
binocular rivalry, 61
Blake, William, 195
Blavatsky, Helena Petrovna, 24–26
blindsight, 226n
bliss, 9, 83, 140, 226n–27n
body, 204
ownership of, 106–8
body awareness, 36, 104–5, 123
disappearance of, 127
boredom, 156–57
brain, 10, 63, 63

anterior cingulate cortex of, 191
consciousness in, 59–62
cortex of, 116
dual processes in, 76–77
electrochemical activity of, 90
eliminative function of, 190–91
functional specialization of hemispheres of, 64–72
medial parietal cortex of, 120, 120
medial prefontal cortex of, 120, 120
meditation and, 46
midline regions of, 120
mind and, 55
mirror neurons in, 113–14
prefrontal cortex (PFC) of, 190
primary visual cortext of, 226n
right basolateral amygdala of, 122
sense of self and, 113–14
soul and, 116
split in normal, see split brain
structural changes in, 121–22
structure and function of, 68–72
subcortical regions of, 116
subliminal responses by, 76–77
temporal-parietal junction of, 105
unconscious processes in, 75–77
visual perception in, 61
Branch Davidians, 152
Breaking Open the Head (Pinchbeck), 197
breath, in meditation, 40, 126
Britton, Willoughby, 211n
Broad, C. D., 219n
Buddha, 5, 8, 24, 152
historical (Siddhartha Gautama), 26, 30, 42–43
parable of, 82–83
Buddhaghosa, 125
Buddhas of Bamiyan, 78
Buddhism, 10, 32, 82, 148, 210n
cessation in, 125, 126
consciousness in, 23
Dzogchen, see Dzogchen Buddhism
empirical teachings of, 28–30, 32
enlightenment in, 42–43, 48, 170, 211n–12n
ethics and, 159
Greek philosophy and, 24
on the human mind, 20, 29–31
illusion of self in, 31
meditation in, 26, 29
metta meditation in, 44
mindfulness in, 34–40
nondualism in, 21–22, 125
as non-faith based, 28, 209n
omniscience in, 42–43
religiosity in, 137–38
scientists on, 28–29

self in, 87
superstition in, 30, 43
taboos in, 136
Tantra in, 227n
Theravada, 34–35, 124, 125
Tibetan, 137, 161
Western responses to, 24, 26
Zen, 138, 153, 157
Burma, 125
callosotomy, 64, 70, 88
cancer, 190
cannabis, 237n
cats, optic chiasma in, 72
causation, 217n, 221n
central nervous system, 192
cerebral cortex, 72
cerebral hemispheres, separate consciousness between, 72–75
cerebrum, 63
cessation, 125–27
Chalmers, David, 213n, 221n
children, mindfulness in, 47
Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche, 159–63
Christianity, 9, 18, 19–23, 30, 67, 70, 81–82, 91, 135, 152, 201, 203
American-style, 176–77
divinity of Jesus in, 19
fundamentalist, 141, 174
NDEs and, 172
Churchland, Paul, 213n
clairvoyance, 170, 212n
cognition, 16, 111
Collins, Francis, 77
commissures, 63–65, 71
compassion, 9, 159
compassion meditation, 122
consciousness, 9, 14–15, 20, 32–33, 204–5, 212n, 216n–17n, 226n
altered, 179–83, 186–98, 203
of animals, 51–52, 212n–13n, 215n
birth of, 53
brain processes in, 59–62
cerebral hemispheres and, 72–75
divisibility of, 70–72
in Dzogchen, 138–41
in Eastern religions, 21–23
emergence of, 55–60, 218n–19n
experience and, 34, 77–78
five senses and, 127
language and, 67, 213n
meditation and, 126, 171
moral dimension of, 78–79
multiple realizability of, 220n
nature of, 45–46, 51–62
nonduality of, 132, 148
ontology of, 212n

physical world and, 46, 175–76, 214n–15n
as prior condition of experience, 129
pure, 127
quantum mechanics and, 55
Ramana Maharishi on, 128–29
reality of, 53–54
science on, 51–52, 205
seeming displacement of, 105–6
selflessness of, 82, 103, 123–25, 128, 146, 148, 199–200
sense of self and, 116, 227n–28n
sleep and, 61–62
subjective experience and, 212n, 213n
unified neural process of, 217n–18n
contemplation, contemplatives, 3, 6–7, 8, 10, 79, 93, 123, 126, 159, 193
solitude and, 13–14
control, delusion of, 229n
corpus callosum, 63–64, 63, 70–75, 121
cortical folds, 121
CT scans, 177, 178
cults, 152, 157
Dalai Lama, 29
Darwin, Charles, 62, 229n
Davidson, Donald, 220n
default-mode network (DMN), 120–21, 120
dementia, advanced, 86
Dennett, Daniel, 142, 212n, 213n, 225n
depression, 122, 189, 204, 223n
Descartes, René, 213n
dharma (truth, way), 212n
dialogues, 114–15
Didion, Joan, 187
Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche, 183–85
Diving Bell and the Butterfly, The (Dominique-Bauby), 213n
DMT, 179–82, 190, 236n–37n
Dominique-Bauby, Jean, 213n
Doors of Perception, The (Huxley), 190–91
dopamine, 190
dreaming, 71–72, 183–85
drugs, 179–83, 186–98
abuse of, 188
author’s experiences with, 3–5, 195–97, 236n
dualism, 21–22, 191, 212n–14n
dukkha, 38, 41
Dzogchen Buddhism, 131–34, 137–41, 146–48, 169
pointing-out instruction of, 134, 147
Eastern spirituality, 29, 101
consciousness regarded by, 21–23
Eastern critique of, 27–28
Western engagement with, 23–33, 130, 166
Eccles, John, 70
Eckhart, Meister, 22
Ecstasy (MDMA), 3–5, 44, 187

Eddington, Arthur, 54, 214n
Edelman, Gerald, 217n–18n
ego, see self
emotions:
cognition and, 16
mindfulness of, 36
reactivity of, 122–23
ridding oneself of negative, 98–100
empathy, 122
End of Faith, The (Harris), 31, 165–66, 188, 197
enlightenment, 42–49, 170–71
danger in believing in one’s, 162
path to, 124, 125–26
Poonja-ji’s student and false, 131–33
stress reduction in, 48
supernormal powers attributed to, 211n–12n
epilepsy, 64, 105
ethics, 14–15, 18
experience:
conceptual reframing of, 123
consciousness as prior condition of, 129
experience sampling, 119
explanatory gap, 56
eye contact, 163–65
FitzGerald, Frances, 156–57
5–HT2A receptors, 190
fluidity, 57–58
free will, as illusion, 83
Freud, Sigmund, 75
GABA, 192
Galileo Galilei, 93
Gallup, Gordon, 229n
Genghis Khan, 48–49
genomes, sequencing of, 62
Ginsberg, Allen, 159–61
God, 19, 77
consciousness and, 21–22
Goldstein, Joseph, 37
gradualism, 124–27
gratitude, practice of, 96
gravity, 201
Gurdjieff, G. I., 155–56, 168
gurus, 137, 151–71, 198
Gutei Oshō, 153
gymnosophists, 23
Haldane, J. S., 58–59
happiness, 131–32
elusive nature of, 12–13, 15–17, 41–42
Genghis Khan on, 48–49
as goal of meditation, 44–45
thoughts and, 119

Harding, Douglas, 141–48, 165
hatha yoga, 26–27
headlessness, 141–48, 165
health, mindfulness and, 122
Heaven Is for Real (Burpo), 175
Heaven’s Gate, 152
Heisenberg, Werner, 54, 214n
hemispherectomy, 70
Heraclitus, 180–81
heroin, 189
Hinduism, 9, 27–28, 32, 82, 130, 166, 172, 203
enlightenment in, 170
as polytheistic, 19
Tantra in, 227n
see also Advaita Vedanta
hippocampus, 121
Hitchens, Christopher, 29, 209n
HIV, 161–62
Hofstadter, Douglas, 142, 144–45
Hubbard, L. Ron, 168, 210n
Hume, David, 221n, 227n–28n
Huxley, Aldous, 20–21, 22, 155, 190–91
“I,” see self
imitation, 114
India, 23, 26, 28, 125, 131, 141, 167, 172
individuality, as illusion, 23
intelligibility, 57–58
intentional stance, 110
introspection, 8
Islam, 9, 19–23, 30, 67, 135, 201
Jainism, 20
James, William, 75, 190, 197–98, 215n, 237n
Japan, 26
Jeans, James, 54, 214n
Jesus Christ, 5, 9, 19, 23, 25, 30, 67, 81, 152, 176, 203
Jones, Jim, 152, 155
Judaism, 19–23, 30, 135, 209n
Jung, Carl, 54
karma, 19, 137
Karmapa, 161
Kathmandu, 97–98, 131, 134
ketamine, 179, 182, 237n
kindness, 159
Knight, J. Z., 169
Koch, Christof, 61
Koestler, Arthur, 26–27, 210n
Koresh, David, 152, 155
Krauss, Lawrence, 214n
Lao Tzu, 5
left hemisphere, 63–64, 88, 223n–24n
advantages of, 68–69

errors and confabulations of, 73
speech in, 65–66, 68, 71, 73–75
life, external criteria in, 59
locked-in syndrome, 213n
Lotus and the Robot, The (Koestler), 26–27
love, 4–5, 9
boundless, 14–15, 140
self-transcending, 9, 44
loving-kindness meditation (metta), 121
LSD (lysergic acid diethylamide), 182, 187, 189–90, 193, 195–96, 237n
Lucknow, 130, 131
McGin, Colin, 57
Mach, Ernst, 141, 215n
McKenna, Terence, 180, 182, 193, 236n–37n
Manson, Charles, 152
marijuana, 3, 188
Marin, Peter, 158–59
matter, properties of, 57
Mayans, 197
MDMA (Ecstasy), 3–5, 44, 187, 236n
medicine, Eastern vs. Western, 31
meditation, 6, 12, 82, 119–49, 199
boredom lacking from, 156–57
Buddhist, 26, 29, 44
cautions surrounding, 33
compassion, 122
contemplative insights in, 46
eye contact, 165
goals of, 43–46, 124
gradual vs. sudden realization in, 123–33
and illusion of self, 82
instructions for, 39–40
loving-kindness (metta), 121
mental state and, 96–97
mindfulness in, 36–39
negative emotions controlled by, 98–100
pathological responses to, 210n–11n
psychedelics and, 193, 196–98
psychological benefits of, 8
selflessness and, 146
solitude and, 14
stress reduction in, 47–48
structural changes in brain from, 121–22
suffering relieved by, 171
thought in, 100, 101–2
memory, 87, 104–5
distortion of, 183
divided brain and, 70–72
episodic, 106
memory formation, 179
meningitis, 175, 177–78, 183
mental illness, 189
mental states, impermanence of, 45–46

Merwin, W. S., 160–61
mescaline, 190
methamphetamine, 189
mind, 2, 204
Buddhism on nature of, 29
division of, 62–68
mindfulness of, 34–40
spirituality and, 62
theory of (TOM), 110–13
unity of, 72
wandering, 119–20, 139
mindfulness (sati), 34–40, 136
brain and, 121–22
cessation and, 125–27
children and, 47
dualistic, 126
experiencing in, 36
four foundations of, 35–36
health and, 122
and illusion of self, 126
positive habits and, 47
secular, 34–35
thoughts as distraction from, 36–39, 45, 93–104, 130–33, 148
Mingyur Rinpoche, 138
mirror-sign delusion, 109
mirror test, 109–10, 229n
monoaminoxidase, 237n
Moody, Raymond, 175
moral goodness, 9
Moral Landscape, The (Harris), 48, 78
Mormonism, 152
Moses, 77
Muhammad, 152
muscle fibers, 90
mysticism, 3, 6–7, 11, 13, 22, 124
Nagel, Thomas, 51–53, 212n, 215n–16n
Naone, Dana, 160–61
Navy SEALs, 156–57
near-death experience (NDE), 105, 172–86
Nepal, 131, 183–84, 196
neurochemistry, 193
neurodegenerative diseases, 86
neuroimaging, 8, 76, 113, 191
neurology, 177
and illusion of self, 115–18
neurons, 72, 86, 90, 176, 236n
intentions and, 113
mirror, 113–14
motor, 90
neurophysiology, 55
neuroscience, 9, 58–59, 70, 212n, 217n–18n, 236n
binding in, 60
consciousness in, 61–62, 75

and the soul, 62
stimulus-independent thought and, 119
neuroticism, 122
neurotoxins, 187
neurotransmitters, 90, 192–93, 237n
neutral monism, 215n–16n
New Age, 19, 141, 235n
quantum mechanics and, 54–55
and spirituality, 7–8, 15
Newsweek, 174, 236n
Newton, Isaac, 25
Nibbana, Nirvana, 36, 125
nitrous oxide, 237n
nondualistic path, 124–26, 132, 135, 138–41, 148
nonharming, 159
numinousness, 209n
obsessive-compulsive disorder, 189
occultism, 25
On Having No Head (Harding), 141–45
On the Origin of Species (Darwin), 62
optic blind spot, 103–4, 135–36
Osho (Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh), 157, 164, 235n
Ouspensky, P. D., 155
out-of-body experience, 105
oxycodone, 188
pain, meditation and responsiveness to, 121
Pali, 34, 36, 38, 121, 125
Pali Canon, 26, 35
Parfit, Derek, 84–87
Pauli, Wolfgang, 54, 214n
peace, conscious, 127
People’s Temple, 152
Perennial Philosophy, 20–21
phencyclidine hydrochloride (PCP), 237n
Phewa Lake, 196
philosophy, 212n
physical continuity, 85
physicalism, 191, 220n
physics, modern, 54–56
Pinchbeck, Daniel, 197
Pinker, Steven, 57
pleasure, 16–17
Pokhara, 196
Poonja, H. W. L. (Poonja-ji), 127, 129–34, 167–68
prayer, 12
prefrontal cortex (PFC), 190
present moment, 3
priming, 76
Proof of Heaven (Alexander), 174–75
proprioception, 107–8
psilocybin, 187, 189, 190–92, 195, 237n
psi phenomena, 170

psychedelics, 179, 183, 187, 189–98, 236n
Huxley on, 190–91, 210n
meditation and, 193, 196–98
psychological continuity, 85–86, 89
psychology, 9
conscious and unconscious in, 75
experimental, 76
on mind, 129
sense of self in, 33
stimulus-independent thought and, 119
psychopaths, 69
psychosis, 84
psychotogenics, 194
psychotomimetics, 194
Puccetti, Roland, 73
Pyrrho, 23–24
quantum mechanics, 54–55
Ramachandran, V. S., 112–13
Ramana Maharshi, 127–30
rationality, 14, 82, 202–3
rebirth, 137, 235n
in Hinduism, 19
religion, 79
author’s critique of, 5, 7, 9, 15, 79, 137, 176, 201–3
boundless love and, 14–15
cults and, 152
esoteric, 10
incompatibility of different, 18–22
psychological truths in, 5
spirituality vs., 6, 8–10, 18
virtues and, 9–10
see also specific religions
REM sleep, 72
Reynolds, Pam, 173–74
Ricard, Matthieu, 44
right hemisphere, 63–64, 66, 88, 223n–24n
advantages of, 68–70, 71
independent consciousness in, 67, 70, 73–75
silent intelligence in, 66, 73
rigpa (awareness), 134
rope-snake illusion, 117–18
Rumi, Jalal-ud-Din, 11
Sabom, Michael, 174
sadhanas, 128
Sagan, Carl, 209n
Sanskrit, 24, 36, 125
Sartre, Jean-Paul, 111
sati, see mindfulness
Satipatthana Sutta, 35
Sayadaw, Mahasi, 125
schizophrenia, 33

Schrödinger, Erwin, 54, 214n
science:
Buddhism and, 28–29
consciousness and, 51–52, 205
Eastern, 28
meditation and, 47–48
nineteenth-century, 25
self and, 104–5, 106
spirituality and, 7–8, 198–99
Western, 31
Scientology, 25–26, 152
Sea of Galilee, 81
Searle, John, 213n
secularists, secularism:
and interfaith dialogue, 19
spirituality and, 10, 14–15, 202
self:
in amnesiacs, 104–5
challenge of studying, 104–8, 128
consciousness without, 92–93, 104–5, 124–25, 135
illusion of, 9, 10, 31, 81–118, 123, 125, 126, 128–30, 137, 140–41, 145, 170, 171
as product of thought, 92–93, 104
recognition of, 108–10, 114
science on, 104, 106
sense of, 33, 106–8, 114–15, 230n
stability of, 105–6
self-consciousness, 230n
absence of, 165
self-formation, 111
self-inquiry, 128
self-knowledge, 109
selflessness, 133, 146, 148, 162
of consciousness, 82, 103, 123–25, 128, 146, 148, 199–200
self-overcoming, 156, 157
self-recognition, 104–5
mirror, 109
self-representation, DMN and, 120
self-transcendence, 9, 14, 18, 124, 125, 134–37, 145, 148, 203, 206
in Abrahamic religions, 22
liabilities with, 158
moral behavior and, 159
sentience, 216n
serotonin, 236n, 237n
shame, 137, 162–63
Shankara, 210n
Shannon, Claude, 43
Shiva, 128, 203
Shivapuri Mountain, 134
Siddhartha Gautama, see Buddha
siddhis (powers), 212n
Silver, Lee, 70
skeptics:
animosity toward spirituality by, 6
Greek, 23–24

meditation and, 47–48
sleep, consciousness and, 61–62
Slouching Towards Bethlehem (Didion), 187–88
Smith, Joseph, 25, 152, 168
social bonding, 114
sodium amobarbital, 223n
solitude, 1–2, 13–14
somatoparaphrenia, 107
soul, 91, 116
as illusion, 23, 62, 83
Sperry, Roger, 72
spiritual authority, 151–71
spiritual development, stages of, 46–47
spirituality, 7, 10, 205, 209n
atheist animosity toward term, 6, 11, 202
common lack of interest in, 83
enlightenment in, 49
epiphany in, 84
happiness and, 17–18, 226n
and the illusion of the self, 9, 82
mind and, 46, 62
religion vs., 6, 8–9, 19–23
science vs., 7–8
solitude and, 13
split brain, 62–68, 72–75, 223n–24n
and personal identity, 84, 88–89
Sri Aurobindo, 169
Sri Lanka, 26
stimulus-independent thought, 119
stress, brain structure and, 121–22
stroke, 223n
subjectivity, 53, 91, 205, 212n, 216n
subliminal responses, 76–77
sudden realization, 124–25
suffering, 38, 40–42, 137
meditation as relief for, 171
Sufism, 22
talking to oneself, 93–94, 100–101
telekinesis, 212n
telepathy, 170
Tendzin, Ösel, 161
theory of mind (TOM), 110–13
Theosophical Society, 24–26
Theravada Buddhism, 34–35, 124, 125
thermodynamics, second law of, 89
thought insertion, 108, 229
thoughts:
as distraction from mindfulness, 36–39, 45, 93–104, 130–33, 148
happiness and, 119
meditation and, 100, 101–2
mental state and, 96–97
self and, 128
spontaneous appearance in consciousness of, 101

stimulus-independent, 119
subsidence of, 127
suffering vs. calm in, 95–96
Tibetan language, 138
Tiruvanamali, 128
tobacco, 187, 188
Tononi, Giulio, 217n–18n
transcendence, 7, 209n
trekchod, 138
Tsoknyi Rinpoche, 138
Tulku Urgyen Rinpoche, 132, 134–38
unconscious:
Freud and, 75
processing in brain, 75–77, 215n, 226n
U Pandita, Sayadaw, 125–26
Vedanta, see Advaita Vedanta
vipassana, 34–35, 136
Vishnu, 19
Visuddhimagga, 125
vitalism, 219n
Vivekananda, Swami, 26
volition, 104
Wada test, 223n
well-being, human, 48
West:
Eastern spirituality in, 23–33, 130, 166
gurus in, 152, 159–63
self-representation in, 232n
Wilkins, Charles, 24
World Parliament of Religions (1893), 26
Wright, Frank Lloyd, 155
yoga, 12, 23, 47, 193
hatha, 26–27
Zen Buddhism, 138, 153, 157

Simon & Schuster
1230 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10020
www.SimonandSchuster.com
Copyright © 2014 by Sam Harris
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever. For information address
Simon & Schuster Subsidiary Rights Department, 1230 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10020.
First Simon & Schuster hardcover edition September 2014
SIM ON & SCHUSTER

and colophon are registered trademarks of Simon & Schuster, Inc.

The Simon & Schuster Speakers Bureau can bring authors to your live event. For more information or to book an event contact
the Simon & Schuster Speakers Bureau at 1-866-248-3049 or visit our website at www.simonspeakers.com.
Book design by Ellen R. Sasahara
Jacket design by Salamander Hill Design
Jacket art: TATE, LONDON/ART RESOURCE, NY, René Magritte, (1898–1967) © ARS, NY. The Future of Statues, ca.
1937; René Magritte, “The Future of Statues” © 2014 C. Herscovici/ Artists Society (ARS), New York
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
Harris, Sam
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion / Sam Harris.—First Simon & Schuster hardcover edition.
pages cm
1. Spirituality. 2. Irreligion. I. Title.
BL624.H333 2014
204—dc23 2014012097
ISBN 978-1-4516-3601-7
ISBN 978-1-4516-3603-1 (ebook)
Some portions of this book appeared previously on the author’s website.

